this Nation will celebrate Veterans Day, where we rightly pay tribute to the members of our military, past and present, and honor them with the respect and gratitude they deserve. Liberty is bought and paid for by the incomprehensible generosity of these patriots. 
sacrifices of our military families by celebrating Military Family Month in November. Through deployments, separations, and moves across the country and overseas, these families inspire us as they endure the extended absence of their loved ones with grace, strength, and devotion. 
America is the land of the free because we are the home of the brave. I thank our veterans for seeing the value of freedom and rising to America’s defense with unfailing strength. I thank our military families for standing with our servicemembers, supporting that 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, congratulations to America’s new Speaker of the House, PAULDAVIS 
Speaker for a number of years, and I know he is a proven conservative. I know his positive commitment to the people of the First District of Wisconsin and every corner of our Nation, which he visited while campaigning in 2012. 
conservative leadership, cited in the National Journal Daily as ‘‘chief Democratic villain in Washington.’’ He was also condemned as a ‘‘budget slashing fiend.’’ Despite these attacks, his service will advance meaningful, conservative change for the American people, limiting government, and expanding freedom. Congress has a positive leader, as we work to promote a strong national defense of peace through strength. The Economist identified the Speaker as a dogmatic conservative with faith in supplyside reform for growth boosting. 
and the President, by his actions, must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
people of Russia upon the deaths of 224 persons onboard the Metrojet charter flight in Egypt. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize Linda Chmielewski from St. Cloud for receiving a 2015 Nurse of the Year award from the Minnesota March of Dimes. 
chief nursing officer at St. Cloud Hospital—CentraCare Health, was named a recipient of the leadership award. She has effectively overseen the hospital’s nursing department and ensures that her patients receive quality care, making her fully deserving of this award. 
has been recognized for exemplary work. In 2014, she was honored by the Women’s Health Leadership Trust, again, for her leadership in the healthcare field. 
have all been cared for by a nurse, so we all know they go to great lengths for their patients. Without caring individuals like Linda, our healthcare system would suffer. So it is an honor to recognize her and all nurses for their service. 
DENHAM ) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
NOTIFICATION OF INTENT TO TERMINATE THE DESIGNATION OF THE REPUBLIC OF BURUNDI AS A BENEFICIARY SUBSAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY UNDER AGOA—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–72) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed: 
determined that the Government of Burundi has not established or is not making continual progress toward establishing the rule of law and political pluralism, as required by the AGOA eligibility requirements outlined in section 104 of the AGOA (19 U.S.C. 3703). In 
particular, the continuing crackdown on opposition members, which has included assassinations, extrajudicial killings, arbitrary arrests, and torture, have worsened significantly during the election campaign that returned President Nkurunziza to power earlier this year. In addition, the Government of Burundi has blocked opposing parties from holding organizational meetings and campaigning throughout the electoral process. Police and armed youth militias with links to the ruling party have intimidated the opposition, contributing to nearly 200,000 refugees fleeing the country since April 2015. Accordingly, I intend to terminate the designation of Burundi as a beneficiary subSaharan African country under AGOA as of January 1, 2016. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3598) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance the partnership between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fusion Centers, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h) is amended— 
the following new sentence: ‘‘Beginning on the date of the enactment of the Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015, such Initiative shall be known as the ‘Department of Homeland Security Fusion Center Partnership Initiative’.’’; 
Security Fusion Center Partnership Initiative, in coordination with principal officials of fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers and the officers designated as the Homeland Security Advisors of the States, the Secretary shall— 
Federal departments and agencies to provide operational and intelligence advice and assistance to the National Network of Fusion Centers; 
effectiveness of Federal resource support to the National Network of Fusion Centers; 
and assistance to the National Network of Fusion Centers; 
the information sharing environment, including homeland security information, terrorism information, and weapons of mass destruction information, that is gathered by the National Network of Fusion Centers and incorporate such information, as appropriate, into the Department’s own such information; 
of information within the scope of the information sharing environment to the National Network of Fusion Centers; 
and technical assistance to the National Network of Fusion Centers and encourage such 
fusion centers to participate in terrorism threatrelated exercises conducted by the Department; 
National Network of Fusion Centers has a privacy policy approved by the Chief Privacy Officer of the Department and a civil rights and civil liberties policy approved by the Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department; 
activity report initiative to ensure information gathered by the National Network of Fusion Centers is incorporated as appropriate; 
Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall ensure that, as appropriate— 
of Fusion Centers have access to homeland security information sharing systems; and 
support fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers in a manner consistent with the Department’s mission and existing statutory limits. 
Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall negotiate memoranda of understanding between the Department and a State or local government, in coordination with the appropriate representatives from fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers, regarding the exchange of information between the Department and such fusion centers. Such memoranda shall include the following: 
provided by each entity to the other entity that are parties to any such memoranda. 
‘‘(ii) The contemplated uses of the exchanged information that is the subject of any such memoranda. 
the exchange of information accords with applicable law and policies. 
‘‘(vi) The Coast Guard. ‘‘(vii) Other components or offices of the 
AGENCIES .—The Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall coordinate with appropriate officials throughout the Federal Government to ensure the deployment to fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers of representatives with relevant expertise of other Federal departments and agencies. 
make available criteria for sharing information and deploying personnel to support a fusion center in the National Network of Fusion Centers in a manner consistent with the Department’s mission and existing statutory limits.’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
practicable, the Secretary shall make it a priority to allocate resources, including deployed personnel, under this section from U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and the Coast Guard to support fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers located in jurisdictions along land or maritime borders of the United States in order to enhance the integrity of and security at such borders by helping Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement authorities to identify, investigate, and otherwise interdict persons, weapons, and related contraband that pose a threat to homeland security.’’; and 
Centers’ means a decentralized arrangement of fusion centers intended to enhance individual State and urban area fusion centers’ ability to leverage the capabilities and expertise of all fusion centers for the purpose of enhancing analysis and homeland security information sharing nationally; and’’; and 
rule, or regulation to the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security State, Local, and Regional Fusion Center Initiative’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Fusion Center Initiative’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) and the 
gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3598, the Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015. The purpose of this legislation is to clarify and enhance the partnership between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fusion Centers. 
to update the Department’s responsibilities for sharing information with State and local law enforcement and other emergency personnel within the National Network of Fusion Centers. 
and local governments created fusion centers as a way to communicate Federal homeland security information to 
State and local law enforcement officials as well as to fuse State and locally collected information with Federal intelligence. 
by mandating that the Office of Intelligence and Analysis within the Department of Homeland Security coordinate and share information with fusion centers. There are now 78 State and locally owned fusion centers across the country. 
H.R. 3598 amends existing law to improve the relationship and flow of information between the Federal Government and fusion centers. 
the responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security related to support and coordination within the National Network. This includes improving coordination with other Federal departments to provide better operational intelligence, reducing inefficiencies, and coordinating nationwide suspicious activity reporting. 
As a member of the Homeland Security Committee and a former mayor, a concern I have heard from law enforcement in my district is a lack of information and coordination from ICE, CBP, and other DHS component agencies. 
and know that more can be done to help our local law enforcement get the support that they need from the Federal Government. 
that fusion center a better resource for the people who know our communities the best: our local law enforcement officers. 
DHS to ensure that each component is providing information and personnel to work with the fusion centers. 
To address the need for better accountability, language is included throughout the bill requiring DHS to coordinate with fusion centers and State Homeland Security advisers in carrying out the assigned responsibilities. 
for the Department to submit a report to Congress on their efforts, including the components, to support fusion centers and specifically report on how they are meeting the requirements set forth in this bill. 
Committee Chairman NUNES , Committee on Homeland Security Chairman MCCAUL and Ranking Member 
this bill to the floor. The bill went through regular order and received bipartisan support during subcommittee and full committee consideration. 
support this bill so we can add important requirements and accountability 
Security interacts and shares information with key State and local stakeholders. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE , 
Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Security, Ford Office Building, Washington, DC. 
2015, your committee ordered H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Support to Fusion Centers Act of 2015,’’ reported. Additionally, on that same day, your committee ordered H.R. 3598, the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015,’’ reported. 
As you know, both H.R. 3503 and H.R. 3598 
contain provisions within the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. On the basis of your consultations with the Committee and in order to expedite the House’s consideration of both bills, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence will not assert a jurisdictional claim over either bill by seeking a sequential referral. This courtesy is, however, conditioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bills or any similar legislation. 
letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the committee reports for both bills and in the Congressional Record during their floor consideration. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
your letter regarding H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Support to Fusion Centers Act of 2015,’’ and H.R. 3598, the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015.’’ 
of these measures before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence will not seek a sequential referral on either bill. I acknowledge that by foregoing a sequential referral on these two pieces of legislation, your Committee is not diminishing or altering its jurisdiction with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in these bills or any similar legislation. Additionally, should a conference on either bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Permanent Select Committee represented on the conference committee. 
I will include copies of this exchange in the 
reports for H.R. 3503 and H.R. 3598 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of these bills on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Committee on Homeland Security. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I 
3598, the Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015. First of all, let me compliment Mr. BARLETTA for his bill. 
Those of us who have been around kind of know the confusion that exists among fusion centers throughout the country, and any effort to streamline that confusion is much appreciated. 
seeks to update the law to reflect the evolution of the Department of Homeland Security’s National Network of Fusion Centers as well as the relationship of the Department’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis with the fusion centers in the network. 
H.R. 3598, as introduced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ), clarifies that fusion centers are State and locally owned and operated and requires the Department’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis to provide support to centers in its network through the deployment of appropriate personnel and providing access to information. 
Importantly, H.R. 3598 also adds several new responsibilities to the Under Secretary of Intelligence and Analysis related to grant guidance, coordinating nationwide suspicious activity reports, and ensuring that fusion centers are the focal points for sharing information. 
changes to existing statutory language to help ensure increased information sharing resources are made available to Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials at our National Network of Fusion Centers. 
way to providing States and localities that have invested significant resources in standing up fusion centers to participate in DHS’ National Network with the support they need to keep their communities and, ultimately, the Nation secure. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I want to express my support again for this bill and commend the leaders of the committee’s Counterterrorism and Intelligence Subcommittee, Mr. KINGand 
and talk about the longstanding confusion that has existed with fusion centers around the country. When created, it was Congress’ hope that everybody would be singing from the same sheet of music. Hopefully this gets us real close to that performance. I urge the passage of H.R. 3598 and look forward to its passage. 
responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security is to share threat information with State and local first 
responders. Fusion centers are a key mechanism for that process. The original requirements directing DHS’ responsibilities towards fusion centers were enacted in 2007. In the past 8 years, there have been significant changes to the informationsharing environment and the fusion centers across the country. 
vote for H.R. 3598 in order to bolster the informationsharing environment within the Department and between the Department and State and local stakeholders. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3598, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY SUPPORT TO FUSION CENTERS ACT OF 2015 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3503) to require an assessment of fusion center personnel needs, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
of Homeland Security Support to Fusion Centers Act of 2015’’. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
personnel the Office of Intelligence and Analysis should deploy to fusion centers, including a costbenefit analysis comparing deployed personnel with technological solutions to support information sharing. 
in jurisdictions along land and maritime borders of the United States, and the degree to which deploying personnel, as appropriate, from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and the Coast Guard to such fusion centers would enhance the integrity and security at such borders by helping Federal, State, local, and tribal law enforcement authorities to identify, investigate, and interdict persons, weapons, and related contraband that pose a threat to homeland security. 
in jurisdictions with large and medium hub airports, and the degree to which deploying, as appropriate, personnel from the Transportation Security Administration to such fusion centers would enhance the integrity and security of aviation security. 
Congress that any program established by the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security to provide eligibility for access to information classified as Top Secret for State and local analysts located in fusion centers 
shall be consistent with the need to know requirements pursuant to Executive Order 13526 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report on the following: 
clearances for State and local analysts located in fusion centers, including training and background investigations. 
training, management, and risks associated with providing such Top Secret clearances for State and local analysts located in fusion centers. 
Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security, in collaboration with the Chief Information Officer of the Department and representatives from the National Network of Fusion Centers, shall conduct an assessment of information systems (as such term is defined in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code) used to share homeland security information between the Department and fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers and make upgrades to such systems, as appropriate. Such assessment shall include the following: 
ease of use of such systems by fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. 
departmental components and offices of information systems used to share homeland security information with fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with each fusion center in the National Network of Fusion Centers regarding the type of information fusion centers will provide to the Department and whether such information 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of H.R. 3503, the Department of Homeland Security Support to Fusion Centers Act of 2015. 
the 9/11 attacks, the Boston Marathon bombings, and Fort Hood to increase and enhance the Nation’s ability to detect and prevent terrorist attacks. However, the elevated potential for attacks carried out by individuals either directed or inspired by radical violent extremism reinforces that there is more work to be done, especially breaking down informationsharing stovepipes. Ensuring that the Federal Government is sharing intelligence and homeland security information with State and local officials is a vital component to that effort. 
CounterTerrorism Intelligence Center, or the ACTIC, my State’s fusion center. I saw firsthand how fusion centers are disseminating Federal threat and intelligence information out to emergency responder providers, as well as collecting State and local information, and fusing it with Federal intelligence to enhance terrorist investigations and create a more complete picture. While fusion centers are continuing 
to mature, I am concerned about the lack of small cities’ and rural areas’ representation in fusion centers. As we 
continue to enhance the Nation’s ability to share intelligence information, we need to ensure that all emergency service providers have access to this vital information. 
sharing stovepipes, the ACTIC and 77 other fusion centers across the country need greater access to intelligence and information from the Department of Homeland Security and its components. 
along with Chairman MCCAUL, Chairman K ING, and Representatives 
that the Department is providing fusion centers with the resources needed to protect our Nation from terrorist attacks and other emergencies. This bill passed the Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence and the full Committee on Homeland Security by voice vote with bipartisan support. 
two important provisions to this bill during the full committee markup. These provisions ensure that the Department of Homeland Security’s information technology systems are user friendly for State and local analysts, and require the Under Secretary of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis to sign a memorandum of understanding with each fusion center to ensure that each center is aware of what information can be publicly disclosed. 
Chairman NUNES of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and his staff for working with me and the Committee on Homeland Security to get this bill to the floor today. 
requires the Government Accountability Office, GAO, to conduct an assessment of the Department of Homeland Security personnel detailed to fusion centers and whether deploying additional personnel from several of the departmental components will enhance threat and homeland security information sharing. Having an unbiased assessment of staffing levels and responsibilities for Department of Homeland Security personnel deployed to fusion centers will be valuable in making decisions moving forward on the appropriate staffing levels. 
effort of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis in establishing a program to provide top secret clearances to appropriate State and local analysts in fusion centers. To ensure that this initiative is carried out efficiently and in a manner that ensures operational security, the bill requires DHS to submit a onetime report to Congress. 
The committee has received testimony from State and local law enforcement about the value additional clearances will provide. The need for top secret clearances was also a key finding 
Task Force, of which I was proud to be a member. 
considering this bill today. This week is the annual conference held by the National Fusion Center Association. This bill will help ensure that our State and local law enforcement officers, as well as fire and EMS personnel, are getting access to the information they need to protect our communities. 
been at its highest threat posture since 9/11, given the large number of foreign fighters and ISISinspired plots. It is essential that Congress ensure that all of the dots are being connected. 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE , 
2015, your committee ordered H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Support to Fusion Centers Act of 2015,’’ reported. Additionally, on that same day, your committee ordered H.R. 3598, the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015,’’ reported. 
As you know, both H.R. 3503 and H.R. 3598 
contain provisions within the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. On the basis of your consultations with the Committee and in order to expedite the House’s consideration of both bills, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence will not assert a jurisdictional claim over either bill by seeking a sequential referral. This courtesy is, however, conditioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bills or any similar legislation. 
letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the committee reports for both bills and in the Congressional Record during their floor consideration. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
your letter regarding H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Support to Fusion Centers Act of 2015,’’ and H.R. 3598, the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015.’’ 
of these measures before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence will not seek a sequential referral on either bill. I acknowledge that by foregoing a sequential referral on these two pieces of legislation, your Committee is not diminishing or altering its jurisdiction with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in these 
bills or any similar legislation. Additionally, should a conference on either bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Permanent Select Committee represented on the conference committee. 
I will include copies of this exchange in the 
reports for H.R. 3503 and H.R. 3598 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of these bills on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
3503, the Department of Homeland Security Support Fusion Centers Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, this bill was passed unanimously by the committee last month, and I am pleased that it is being considered on the House floor today. 
there was broad recognition that the traditional stovepipes to the sharing of homeland security information needed to be cleared and that the Federal Government needed to do more to share timely information with State and local partners. 
information sharing has been the development of a network of fusion centers across the Nation. These centers allow Federal intelligence and homeland security information to be shared with State and local law enforcement and other key stakeholders. As of today, 77 fusion centers have been stood up by State and local governments and participate in the Department of Homeland Security’s National Network of Fusion Centers. 
full promise, it is critical that personnel assigned to fusion centers be able to access Department of Homeland Security information, data, and personnel. In the course of conducting oversight of fusion centers, the committee has learned that not enough State and local analysts and officials assigned to these centers have the TS/ SCI clearances necessary to foster the timely sharing of homeland security information and intelligence. H.R. 3503, for the first time, authorizes DHS to sponsor State and local analysts for security clearances. 
said, have heard from our State and locals that this is, indeed, a problem. The approach taken is consistent with ongoing DHS efforts to sponsor TS and SCI clearances on appropriate State, local, tribal, as well as territorial partners’ levels. 
been progress across the Federal Government at breaking down institutional stovepipes and moving away from a ‘‘need to know’’ to a ‘‘need to share’’ culture. Certainly with the right support and buyin at the Federal level, the Department’s National Network of Fusion Centers holds great promise for fostering more opportunities to interdict wouldbe terrorists before they attack and contributing to better awareness, preparedness, and responses at all levels. 
Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gentlewoman from Arizona for this legislation. Again, this is getting us all on the same sheet of music. We absolutely have to have fusion centers operating in uniformity, and we should not have fusion centers doing their own thing. We are fighting this together. The stovepiping of information is not good, and it is not healthy. We have problems identifying bad actors, terrorists, and what have you. So I urge passage of H.R. 3503, the Department of Homeland Security Support to Fusion Centers Act of 2015. 
One of the core missions of the Department of Homeland Security is to share threat information with State and local first responders. Fusion centers are a key mechanism for that process. 
into national assets, Congress must ensure the Department of Homeland Security is supporting fusion centers with the resources needed to keep our communities safe. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee, I rise in support of H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Homeland Security Support Fusion Centers Act of 2015.’’ 
serve as central points within the state and local environment for the receipt, analysis, gathering, and sharing of threatrelated information between the federal government and state, local, tribal, territorial, and private sector partners. 
of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), in coordination with the homeland security advisors of the states to provide an assessment of fusion center personnel needs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 3503 will amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to improve the management and administration of the security clearance processes throughout the Department of Homeland Security. 
on: the current deployment of DHS personnel to each fusion center; the roles and responsibilities of Office of Intelligence and Analysis intelligence officers, intelligence analysts, senior reports officers, reports officers, and regional directors deployed to fusion centers; federal resources, in addition to personnel, 
provided to each fusion center; whether deploying additional personnel would enhance intelligence and information sharing between DHS and federal, state, local, tribal, and territorial partners; fusion centers located in jurisdictions along land and maritime borders of the United States and the degree to which deploying personnel from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and the Coast Guard to such centers would enhance the integrity and security at such borders; and fusion centers located in jurisdictions with large and medium hub airports and the degree to which deploying personnel from the Transportation Security Administration to such centers would enhance aviation security. 
The Under Secretary must submit such assessment to specified congressional committees, together with a report on: the number of personnel assigned to fusion centers from the Office of Intelligence and Analysis; the number of personnel assigned to the National Network of Fusion Centers from components and offices of DHS and the methodology for determining the fusion centers to which such personnel are assigned; and an implementation plan for determining how DHS’s personnel resources will be allocated to fusion centers in the future. 
H.R. 3503 will help to ensure the safety of 
our fusion centers and the personnel that work within these centers. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3503, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 293) expressing concern over antiIsrael and antiSemitic incitement within the Palestinian Authority, as amended. 
the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, commonly referred to as Oslo II, specifically details that Israel and the Palestinian Authority shall ‘‘abstain from incitement, including hostile propaganda, against each other and, without derogating from the principle of freedom of expression, shall take legal measures to prevent such incitement by any organizations, groups or individuals within their jurisdiction’’; 
states that Israel and the Palestinian Authority ‘‘will ensure that their respective educational systems contribute to the peace between the Israeli and Palestinian peoples 
against Israelis has continued unabated for many years despite periods of negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority; 
forms, and has included the glorification of terrorists who have murdered Israeli civilians; advocating struggle against Israel despite entering into negotiations with Israel; the demonization of Jews and Israelis, including by the use of antiSemitic motifs; the denial of Israel’s existence and its delegitimization as evidenced by the absence of Israel on official maps used in Palestinian Authority institutions; and false claims that Israel or the Jews are endangering Muslim holy sites, such as the AlAqsa mosque/Temple Mount in Jerusalem; 
Israeli acts which ‘‘indicate an evil and dangerous plot to destroy AlAqsa and build the alleged temple’’; 
Whereas on September 16, 2015, Abbas stated on Palestinian television that ‘‘we welcome every drop of blood spilled in Jerusalem. This is pure blood, clean blood, blood on its way to Allah. With the help of Allah, every martyr will be in heaven, and every wounded will get his reward’’; 
has been a wave of Palestinian violence in Israel and the West Bank, including stabbings, shootings, and other terrorist acts; 
by statements made by Palestinian President Abbas, other Palestinian officials, clerics, and official Palestinian Authority media, and frequently amplified on social media platforms; 
repeated false claims that Israel seeks to change the ‘‘status quo’’ on the Temple Mount/alAqsa Mosque compound; 
wave of terrorism, the Palestinian Authority security forces and the Israel Defense Forces have continued security cooperation; 
and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 states that ‘‘none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to provide equipment, technical support, consulting services, or any other form of assistance to the Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation’’; 
fully lived up to its prior agreements with Israel to end incitement and should do more to prepare the Palestinian people for peace with Israel: Now, therefore, be it 
antiIsrael and antiSemitic incitement to violence in the Palestinian Authority as antithetical to the cause of peace; 
violence in all Palestinian Authoritycontrolled media outlets, and officially and publicly repudiate attacks against Israelis and engage in a sustained effort to publicly and officially rebuke antiIsrael incitement to violence; 
talks with the Israelis, including the reconstitution of the Trilateral Commission on Incitement; 
publicly repudiating and raising the issue of Palestinian antiIsrael incitement to violence in all appropriate bilateral and international forums. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) and the 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
the esteemed chairman of our full committee, Chairman ROYCE , and Ranking 
Member E NGEL , who is before us today, 
for their leadership and for helping us to mark up and vote on this resolution at the subcommittee and at the full committee, thereby landing us right here on the floor this afternoon. 
and dear south Florida colleague, ranking member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, Mr. DEUTCH , for joining me in introducing 
this important resolution condemning the antiIsrael and antiSemitic incitement from within the Palestinian Authority. 
over the past 2 months in Israel, violence and terror are on the rise, and hardly a day goes by when we don’t hear about yet another attack against innocent Israelis. 
Since the most recent round of attacks began on the Jewish New Year in midSeptember, there have been nearly 60 stabbing attacks, 5 shootings, and 6 carramming attacks, resulting in 10 deaths and scores more injured. 
Let me repeat that again, Mr. Speaker: 60 stabbing attacks, 5 shootings, 
in 10 deaths and many people injured, not to mention the psychological toll that these acts of terror have taken on Israelis. 
were two separate stabbing attacks in two different cities. An 80yearold woman was among the victims, showing that these random attacks can happen anywhere, at any time, to anyone. 
out of their homes to go to work or they cannot walk out of their homes to go to the grocery store for fear of yet another terrorist attack, we must hold the Palestinian leadership accountable for its incitement and its unwillingness to ease tensions in the region. 
The resolution before us, Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 293, unfortunately is the consequence of the continued failure of the Palestinian leadership. Instead of working toward achieving lasting peace with Israel, what is Abu Mazen, the leader of the Palestinian Authority, doing? He is undermining the peace process. 
Instead of encouraging the Palestinian people and leading them toward a better future, Abu Mazen’s divisive actions are tearing the Palestinians apart, leading them into despair, into hatred, into violence. 
meeting with Palestinian leaders to discuss a way to walk back the rhetoric, a way to calm the tensions, no, Abu Mazen called for an emergency meeting at the United Nations Human Rights Council, the preferred platform to spew antiIsrael hatred. 
Jewish state where he further fanned the flames of violence once again, as he has been doing, Mr. Speaker, since he assumed leadership. 
acts of terror are being glorified—yes, glorified—hailed as heroes, hailed as martyrs. 
Authority named a street after a Palestinian terrorist. What did that person do? He fatally stabbed two innocent Israelis in Jerusalem. 
But where is the world’s condemnation of this? What is the response from the international community? Silence. Too often we see attempts to place this false moral equivalence between the Israelis’ actions and the Palestinians’ because too many are unwilling to accept the truth, and that is that the Palestinian leadership is the problem, not the solution, to the peace process. 
and Abu Mazen’s actions to continue to go unpunished because, as we have seen over the past month and a half, they have consequences and innocent people have died. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, we have an opportunity to send a clear message to Abu Mazen, that his words and actions are unacceptable, that we condemn these actions, and that we hold the Palestinian Authority responsible for inciting these recent acts of terror 
Palestinian leaders have been indoctrinating the Palestinian people with incitement against Israel for generations, and that is not something that is easily reversed. 
But by passing this resolution tonight, Mr. Speaker, we are sending a message to the Palestinian leader that this behavior will not be tolerated and it will not be unaddressed. This is an opportunity to start to hold Abu Mazen and the PA accountable for their words, accountable for their deadly actions. 
condemning antiIsrael and antiSemitic incitement in all of its forms. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of this measure. Let me start by thanking our former 
chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee, ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , for sponsoring this resolution. I agree with every word she just said. 
state and people of Israel, and this measure, which I am happy to cosponsor, shows once again that support for Israel in Congress is not a partisan issue. Israel has much bipartisan support in this Congress, and we intend to keep it this way. 
As the Congresswoman has mentioned, the violence in Israel has gone from bad to worse in recent days. Day after day, we hear new reports of innocent Israeli victims of stabbings or shootings at the hands of Palestinian terrorists. 
Speaker, because what they are doing are acts of terrorism. If random people, average citizens, have nothing to do with policy, have nothing to do with politics—they are just civilians that are walking in the street—if they are attacked by a knife or something else that harms them, that is a terrorist attack. 
on in the United States. It would have a chilling effect on what people can do, and whether they can move around or can’t move around as a result of it. 
So this is not something that is random. It is not something that is confined. It can strike anybody at any time, any place, and it is terrorism. 
a twostate solution, if the Palestinians continue to use terrorism because they think it will get them closer to their state, they are wrong. It will prevent them from ever having a state if they don’t renounce terrorism. 
That is what this is all about. It is 
the incitement. It is the encouraging of hatred for Israelis and the Jews and for the United States as well. 
again, and then we wonder why we have these acts of violence, because you cannot fan the fires and be a leader in it and then suddenly look the other 
way and say, ‘‘Well, you know, we are not encouraging it.’’ 
irresponsible, and they have been irresponsible for many, many years. So, as it has every right to do, Israel has defended itself against these attacks, these stabbings and shootings. But this bloodshed must be brought to an end. 
could be in a hurry if Palestinian leaders would do the right thing: repudiate the violence and, most importantly, the ceaseless campaign of incitement that demonizes Jews and Israelis and glorifies terrorists. 
a bipartisan letter signed by more than 350 of our colleagues in both parties. I am very, very happy with the overwhelming support we have gotten from our colleagues on both sides of the aisle for this letter. 
try to do things in a bipartisan manner: because something like this is bipartisan; support for Israel is bipartisan; support against terror is bipartisan. 
We have to stand together as Americans, regardless of party affiliation, 
and say: we will not countenance terror. And we are going to point fingers at the Palestinian Authority, who has been utterly irresponsible in this whole thing. 
the right thing and repudiate the violence and, most importantly, end the ceaseless campaign of incitement that demonizes Jews and Israelis and glorifies terrorists, this could stop. 
I have done, signed by more than 350 of our colleagues, to Palestinian President Abbas urges him to take that course, but I cannot say that I have high hopes. After all, this type of rhetoric by Palestinians against Jews and Israelis and even just Americans, in general, is nothing new. 
on the television and radio, we see and hear a constant message of hatred and incitement. 
taught that the people of Israel are their enemies and those who use violence are heroes, and this is very, very infuriating. 
we are seeing today, and it is a roadblock, as I said before, on the path towards a twostate solution. 
own state on the backs of terrorists. It is a dead end for them, and it is counterproductive. They ought to know it. They are doing their people a tremendous disservice. 
leaders to show real responsibility to reject the violence and end incitement and to return to the negotiating table with no preconditions, sit down and negotiate. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), who is the chairman 
of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. 
thank the gentlewoman from Florida for yielding on this important resolution. 
Israelis and the Palestinians has reached new levels of terror. Over the past month, Palestinians have stabbed, shot, or run over innocent Israelis almost every day. The cause of these tragedies is simple: the incitement by Palestinian leaders. 
wrong side of this issue. Our government stands by while Palestinian Authority President Abbas praises violent riots on the Temple Mount. 
speeches. Palestinian leaders have turned their schools into terrorist breeding grounds that teach hate. 
any other country should react; but the United States State Department callously calls Israel’s selfdefense executive force. Like I said, the State Department has got it wrong. 
for what they are doing: inciting violence and committing violence. They are responsible for their criminal acts, not the Israelis. We can stand side by side with Israel by condemning these terrorist acts, and the Palestinian leaders should be held personally accountable for inciting violence in the Palestinian community. The State Department and the world need to quit making excuses for Palestinian terrorists and hold them accountable for the crimes that they commit. 
of House Resolution 293. I urge its passage so that America and the rest of the world understand that we stand by Israel and not by the terrorists. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), the ranking member of 
the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman R OYCE and Ranking Member 
bring this bipartisan resolution to the floor. I want to thank my friend and colleague and neighbor, Congresswoman ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , for 
been more than 50 stabbings in Israel, there have been attempted stabbings, there have been shootings, there have 
been cars rammed into civilians. Terrorists have killed 11 and have wounded more than 10 times that number. In a span of just 12 hours today, there were 4 separate terror attacks. 
these attacks aren’t a protest or a political statement about holy sites or politics. It is terrorism, and it flows from incitement at the highest levels of the Palestinian Government. 
attacks on innocent civilians should be condemned and that they should be condemned regardless of who commits them. Yet I have to point out that, when a revenge attack occurs, committed by Israelis, the Prime Minister of Israel himself condemns that action on national television; but when there are attempted stabbings every single day for nearly 8 weeks, Palestinian leadership does not condemn even one single attack. Instead, we continue to see officials trying to justify acts of terror as an expected part of a religious conflict. 
the Temple Mount, when they have been repeatedly denied by Israeli leadership, send a very dangerous message that violence is necessary to preserve Muslim holy sites when, in fact, those holy sites are not threatened at all. 
Unfortunately, incitement from officials within the Palestinian Authority is not new. Despite statements from President Abbas that he is committed and has been committed for years to nonviolence, there are still countless examples in official textbooks, on social media pages, and in television speeches that call for an armed conflict and that depict Jews as dirty pigs. 
right when he recently said, ‘‘President Abbas has been committed to nonviolence. He needs to be condemning this loudly and clearly, and he needs to not engage in the incitement that his voice has sometimes been heard to encourage; so that has to stop.’’ 
If President Abbas remains committed to his stated vision of a peaceful, stable Palestinian state, living side by side with a safe and secure Israel, then now is the time for real leadership. Now is the time to go on national television and condemn these attacks. Now is the time to accept the Jordanian plan for surveillance at the Temple Mount to ensure that religious freedom is, in fact, being protected. 
rhetoric, like when he said that he would ‘‘welcome every drop of blood spilled in Jerusalem’’ or when he accused Israel of the ‘‘summary execution of children’’ when, in fact, the 13 yearold whom he referenced was receiving medical care in an Israeli hospital after he stabbed two Israeli teenagers. 
Even before these recent terror attacks, incitement within the Palestinian Authority has been well documented. If these are the messages that are sent to Palestinian youth, if they 
never see the State of Israel on a map in their textbooks or if they watch television programs that glorify attacks on Israelis and Jews, how can we ever expect him to be committed to peace? 
United States House of Representatives is sending a message. It is a very simple message to the world, that we stand 
with the people of Israel as they face this onslaught of terror and that incitement spurred by inflammatory, violent rhetoric will not be tolerated. 
We won’t tolerate officials using religion as a means to spur violence, and we won’t tolerate actions like the recent Palestinianbacked resolution at UNESCO that attempted to rewrite history and inflame tension on the ground. 
for individuals and organizations that are working to encourage cooperation between Israelis and Palestinians. Unfortunately, President Abbas and his government are doing just the opposite. 
this wave of terrorism. It is time to stop the spread of incitement. This resolution puts the House on record that incitement leads to violence, and it must end if there is to be a chance for peace. 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), who is a member of our Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
ROSLEHTINEN for her inspiring leadership in bringing forth this bipartisan resolution. 
I am inspired as I listen to the words 
of Mr. DEUTCH and Mr. E NGEL as this is 
something that allows Americans to unite for a cause of strengthening our relationships with our friends, like Israel, ensuring that we treat our enemies as our enemies. 
daily, Palestinian Authority President Abbas said in a Ramallah address: 
will keep every inch of our land. Every drop of blood spilled in Jerusalem is pure. Every Shahid will reach paradise, and every injured person will be rewarded by God. 
said he would insist that a future Palestinian state include East Jerusalem as its capital. He said: 
ours as well. They have no right to desecrate the mosque with their dirty feet. We won’t allow them to do that. 
Strip called on all of the Palestinians to turn their weapons against the Israelis, saying that Allah created man only to wage jihad and to plunge knives into the chests of the enemies. 
We hear a lot of talk about the pursuit of a viable twostate solution. It is not just about Israel and its recognizing the Palestinians’ right to exist. 
recognizing Israel’s right to exist. Yet the Palestinian Authority, by the day, is under more and more influence of an element that will not rest until the other side is wiped off the map. 
have been proven capable of, and, in our view, are guilty of acts of terrorism. 
claimed that the Temple Mount status quo was violated. I was just there a couple of months back. I was at a place called Decks Restaurant in Tiberias. It is right on the Sea of Galilee. 
the microphone—the place was crowded with locals—and she started preaching about her love of America, about her appreciation of the strength of that bond between the U.S. and Israel. 
As she is saying this, a boat pulls in 
off the Sea of Galilee and starts setting off fireworks. As the fireworks start blowing off, they start playing ‘‘God Bless America’’ over the loud speaker. All the locals stood up and were singing along, and if they didn’t know the words, they were lipsyncing it. 
else in the world can you go where you will find a restaurant at which the owner will get on the microphone and start talking about her love of America? 
with our friends, such as Israel. We didn’t see the Israeli Prime Minister going on international TV trying to embarrass the President of the United States after there was a hospital 
It is important that we don’t embarrass our allies and that we stand with them in tough times. Right now we stand with innocent victims in Israel, who are being targeted by terrorist attacks through the incitement of violence by the leadership of the Palestinian Authority. 
That is why I am so proud to stand 
strong dedication and leadership and for her determination in ensuring that this body stands united with Israel every single day. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
everyone who has spoken, the recent surge of Palestinian violence against Israel must stop. It must stop to save innocent lives. It must stop so that negotiations can go forward. It must stop because acts of terrorism are not to be tolerated. 
Any way you look at it, these are terrorist acts, and the only way we can have peace and the only way we can have a twostate solution is if both parties sit opposite each other, with no preconditions, and start negotiating. 
Palestinian Arab state and an Israeli Jewish state—living together in peace 
and harmony; but it is not going to happen if the Palestinian leadership, which is bankrupt in more ways than one, refuses to teach its people the right thing, if it refuses to repudiate acts of terror. 
leader of the Palestinians—is, I think, on the eighth year of his 4year term. He is not really legitimate anymore. The more he talks with rhetoric and incitement, the less relevant he becomes. 
think that the Palestinians deserve better and I do think that, ultimately, they deserve their own state; but they will not have their own state if they resort to terror. It is bankrupt, and it is a dead end for them. 
acts of terror against innocent civilians, the leadership of the Palestinians ought to be dismissing it, ought to be condemning it, ought to be taking strong stands against it. We have yet to hear, and that is why this resolution is so important. 
Palestinian leaders have a responsibility to repudiate this violence and put an end to the horrific campaign of incitement against Jews and Israelis. 
the same thing. We are saying the same thing because it is clear as night and day what is going on over there. So I urge all of my colleagues to support this measure. 
with the people of Israel, and the United States will always stand against violence and terrorism wherever it rears its head around the world. 
bringing this resolution to the floor after the markup in the subcommittee and the full committee. 
steadfast support of doing everything that is humanly possible to support efforts in getting peace in the Middle East and his support for the democratic Jewish state of Israel. 
I want to thank Mr. DEUTCH , who is 
my partner on the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee. He has been a person who understands the many obstacles to peace that the Palestinians encounter because of their failed leadership, and the responsibility lies in that leadership. I have had the opportunity to travel to Israel with Mr. DEUTCH , and I am very thankful for his friendship and for his guidance. 
ZELDIN —valued members of our Committee on Foreign Affairs—for their 
perspectives on how to reach peace, because, when all is said and done, this is what this resolution is all about. 
and antiSemitic incitement to violence by the Palestinian Authority, but we do so because this is antithetical to the cause of peace, which is what this body is all about and what the United States’ foreign policy is based on in the Middle East. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, securing a lasting peace between Israel and Palestine requires a commitment to humanizing the experiences of both peoples. Divisive rhetoric dehumanizes people and undermines the prospect of longterm peace. This resolution is divisive. 
Incitement by either party, including Palestinian Authority leaders, is a serious issue and deserves to be condemned. But when we denounce the Palestinians and leave no mention of divisive rhetoric by the Israeli government, we do a disservice to Palestinians and Israelis. Just two weeks ago, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said ‘‘Hitler didn’t want to exterminate the Jews at the time, he wanted to expel the Jews.’’ He laid the blame for the Shoa at the feet of a Palestinian Grand Mufti of Jerusalem, Haj Amin al Husseini. AlHusseini was a virulent antiSemite. But Prime Minister Netanyahu’s blaming the idea of the Holocaust on a Palestinian, and by implication Palestinians, deserves to be condemned by this body just as Palestinian incitement does. 
Palestinians are not inciting, and not because I believe this incitement should not be condemned. I oppose this resolution because any resolution that attacks one side while ignoring the other can only further tension and violence. 
If Congress wants to be considered a legitimate arbiter of peace between Israel and Palestine we must pursue a balanced approach that calls for an end to incitement on both sides and both leaders to live up to their obligations under the Oslo Accords. 
offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) that the House 
suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 293, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1853) to direct the President to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, and for other purposes. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
to every citizen of the world, and shared information ensuring wide assistance among police authorities of nations for expeditious dissemination of information regarding criminal activities greatly assists in these efforts. 
in the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL) is beneficial for all nations and their police authorities. Internationally shared information with authorized police authorities is vital to peacekeeping efforts. 
role of INTERPOL is defined in its constitution: ‘‘To ensure and promote the widest possible mutual assistance between all criminal police authorities within the limits of the laws existing in the different countries and in the spirit of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.’’. 
INTERPOL starting in 1964 through its National Police Administration but was ejected in 1984 when the People’s Republic of China (PRC) applied for membership. 
gaining access to INTERPOL’s I–24/7 global police communications system, which provides realtime information on criminals and global criminal activities. Taiwan is relegated to secondhand information from friendly nations, including the United States. 
Policy Review, declared its intention to support Taiwan’s participation in appropriate international organizations and has consistently reiterated that support. 
108–235, a law authorizing the Secretary of State to initiate and implement a plan to endorse and obtain observer status for Taiwan at the annual summit of the World Health Assembly and subsequent advocacy by the United States, Taiwan was granted observer status to the World Health Assembly for six consecutive years since 2009. Both prior to and in its capacity as an observer, Taiwan has contributed significantly to the international community’s collective efforts in pandemic control, monitoring, early warning, and other related matters. 
observers at its meetings by ‘‘police bodies which are not members of the Organization’’. 
30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to Congress a report, in unclassified form, describing the United States strategy to endorse and obtain observer status for Taiwan in INTERPOL and at other related meetings, activities, and mechanisms thereafter. The report shall include the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) and the 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
the chairman of the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee, Congressman MATTSALMON , for introducing this important resolution. 
United States, one which shares our interests and values, including an enduring commitment to democracy and the freedom of expression. 
Pacific, serving as an inspiration for the world’s oppressed, and it serves as a model for future democratic transitions. Unfortunately, however, Taiwan is under increasing pressure from an aggressive China that is attempting to assert its dominance in the Pacific and to isolate Taiwan on the international stage. One organization that China has prevented Taiwan from joining is INTERPOL, the International Criminal Police Organization. 
INTERPOL was created, Mr. Speaker, to promote international cooperation between criminal police authorities; but because of undue Chinese pressure, Taiwan is no longer a member of INTERPOL. Taiwan is forced to receive less effective, secondhand information about international criminals and their illicit activities. Likewise, Taiwan cannot share the law enforcement information that it gathers in order to benefit INTERPOL. In China’s efforts to exclude Taiwan 
and in the efforts of some nations to accommodate China, they have ended up hurting Taiwan and the entire international community in the process. 
Speaker. This bill by Congressman SALMON directs the President to request observer status for Taiwan at INTERPOL, to urge other INTERPOL members to support it, and for the President to develop a strategy to ensure the participation of Taiwan. 
I am pleased to support this legislation. I believe that the United States should be helping Taiwan’s meaningful participation in all international organizations and entities in which it has expressed an interest in participating. 
Taiwan’s exclusion from organizations like INTERPOL is dangerous. It is a dangerous practice. It hurts the international community just as much as it hurts the people of Taiwan. 
China’s efforts to isolate Taiwan to exclude it from international organizations. It is, therefore, crucial that the United States provide the kind of military assistance, economic assistance, and political assistance that will allow Taiwan to resist any type of Chinese coercion. 
with the Six Assurances are the cornerstone of U.S.Taiwan relations, and we must always keep it as our guiding beacon. I know that this is a sentiment that is greatly shared by the members of our Foreign Affairs Committee and by the chairman of our committee, Mr. ROYCE of California, because the friendship between the people of the United States and Taiwan has cemented into one of the most cherished partnerships. I look forward to the United States Government demonstrating its continued commitment to the people of Taiwan with the passage of Mr. SALMON ’s 
resolution. I am pleased to offer my support, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of this measure. 
our Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, for authoring this bill. I am proud to be a cosponsor. 
Organization, what we call INTERPOL, helps law enforcement agencies around the world collaborate with one another. Thanks to INTERPOL, a task force in New York can share information with a police agency in Hamburg or flag a terrorist suspect for authorities in Tokyo. 
Sensitive information about criminals or missing persons is available at the push of a button for INTERPOL’s 
INTERPOL; but since the People’s Republic of China applied for membership, Taiwan has been left out. This is ridiculous, absolutely ridiculous. 
economy in the world. And anyone who has ever been to Taiwan, as I have and as my colleague has, will just be amazed at the democracy they have built themselves on that tiny island. The fact is that they look to the United States for protecting them and helping them. Because just like we share the same values with Israel, we share the same values with Taiwan, and that is why we work with them. 
gap in INTERPOL’s membership creates a public safety risk for the people of Taiwan and also for the rest of the world. So nobody is saying that China should not be a member, but China should not have the right to exclude Taiwan. 
It would instruct the administration to push for Taiwan to be granted observer status in INTERPOL. Observer status, that is what we are asking for. 
that function as countries, that have everything that all other countries have, and yet, because of politics, they are excluded from these international organizations. Taiwan is one such country. Kosovo is another type of country. 
in these countries need to not bear the brunt of politics, but really need the protections that citizens of other countries have. By our not giving them the protections, we leave ourselves a bit unprotected as well. 
administration to push for Taiwan to be granted observer status in INTERPOL. As an observer, Taiwan would have access to the information that law enforcement agencies already have. It would also allow Taiwan to contribute information to INTERPOL, information that could be used to stop crime or thwart terrorist activity, arrest human traffickers, or sideline other bad actors. 
Good precedent exists for giving Taiwan this status. Taiwan is an observer in the World Health Assembly, where it has played a vital role in contributing to public health and fighting pandemic disease. 
itself to be a constructive, positive force in the global community. Countries around the world stand to benefit from Taiwan’s inclusion in international organizations like INTERPOL. So not only does Taiwan benefit, but the rest of the world benefits. It is a nobrainer. It is a winwin situation for everybody. 
I support this legislation wholeheartedly. I urge my colleagues to do the same. I thank my colleague from Florida, 
ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , and the chairman from California, E DROYCE . Again, 
the Foreign Affairs Committee. It is important for Taiwan and important for the United States. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
before I yield to Mr. SALMON , I ask 
unanimous consent that the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), the esteemed chairman of our committee, who is here with us now, manage the rest of the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SALMON ). He is the chairman of the 
Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific and the author of this important measure. 
important measure to the floor today and for being a constant champion of the people of Taiwan. 
I was able to go on a trip with the 
chairman to Taiwan, and I think that he is as close to royalty in Taiwan as anybody that I have ever met. They love EDROYCE . In fact, the guy that 
used to be called ‘‘Mr. Taiwan’’ was the former Senator from Arizona, Barry Goldwater, but I think EDROYCE has 
I am just honored to be able to be 
here supporting this bill that he has allowed to come to the floor. I have been a longtime supporter of Taiwan, as have Members throughout this body on both sides of the aisle. 
Let me just segue for a minute. A lot of people out there get really, 
really frustrated by the partisan nature of what they see happening here in the Nation’s Capital. A lot of people are frustrated: Why can’t both sides just agree? I mean, after all, aren’t we all Americans? 
Americans could come and see our committee, the Foreign Affairs Committee, in action because it is the epitome of bipartisanship. Besides the fact that Chairman EDROYCE leads the 
committee and demands that we exhibit bipartisanship, Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL is one of the best men I 
have ever met in my life. And I mean that from the bottom of my heart. 
in the Middle East or fairness across the globe like this issue with Taiwan and common sense, he is always on the right side. He leads his delegation, his folks on that side of the aisle in something that we have long believed, but sometimes it kind of gets lost in the cacophony of arguments here on Capitol Hill on other things, but that is that partisanship ends at the water’s edge. My hat is off to you, Mr. ENGEL , because you have always exhibited that, and I appreciate the way that you have led this body in that way. 
Taiwan is a wonderful, thriving democracy. In fact, I had an opportunity as a young man to live there for 2 years, from 1977 to 1979, while serving a mission for my church. While I was there in 1978, the Nixon administration normalized relations with China, recognizing the Government of the People’s Republic of China as the sole, legal government of China and declaring it would withdraw diplomatic recognition from Taiwan. The U.S. Government has since articulated a oneChina policy, which was a dark turn for U.S.Taiwan relations. Since then, we have seen a Taiwan that is marginalized in the international community. 
Taiwan’s ambiguous sovereignty status has contributed to its exclusion from many, many international organizations, despite Taiwan’s obvious willingness to play a larger role in international affairs and international security, as it should. From humanitarian assistance and disaster relief to law enforcement and global health, so often it has been denied the right to share its knowledge and its expertise in the international fora. 
Taiwan’s capability to contribute and benefit from the international community in the interest of international security. H.R. 1853 would direct the President to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, or INTERPOL. It would also require the President to report to Congress on efforts to encourage Taiwan’s 
INTERPOL has facilitated mutual assistance between criminal police authorities worldwide through the sharing of information, such as access to comprehensive lists of suspicious persons and criminals. 
As we all know and, I think, as every 
American knows, terrorism and other nontraditional security challenges no longer end at our borders or anybody’s borders. These threats are global by nature. 
international security, the sharing of information across borders is vital. Taiwan’s exclusion from INTERPOL hampers efforts to prevent and respond to threats. 
are barred from entering Taiwan, it is essential that Taiwan have direct access to INTERPOL and its I–24/7 system, which provides realtime information on criminals and global criminal activities. 
to cobble together its own list based on incomplete and untimely information obtained from a small number of friendly countries to Taiwan and Taiwan’s own domestic intelligence. 
to share the information that it gathers on criminals and suspicious persons with INTERPOL directly. Mr. ENGEL  
called this policy silly. I think that that is very, very appropriate and accurate. This puts everybody at risk, when we have a policy that plays politics instead of common sense. 
INTERPOL could be markedly enhanced if Taiwan is able to become an observer. H.R. 1853, with 114 bipartisan cosponsors, continues to carry the torch of congressional support for Taiwan’s membership and inclusion in the international community. 
Taiwan is a vibrant, democratic society, with much to contribute to the international community. The United States must do more to fulfill our obligations under the Taiwan Relations Act, which provides that the U.S. treat Taiwan the same as foreign countries, nations, states, government, or similar entities. 
This is a vote for U.S. support of Taiwan’s inclusion in international affairs. This is a vote for international security. I urge my colleagues to vote to support Taiwan’s participation in international policing efforts by supporting this legislation, H.R. 1853. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I think it really shows how important this legislation is. I want to mention the gentleman from Arizona, as I mentioned before. He was very kind about some of the things he said about me. 
You need to go on a trip to China or 
Taiwan with the gentleman from Arizona because he is very modest, but he speaks fluent Mandarin. He has great diplomatic skills, and the people there really appreciate what he has done. I appreciate him being the author of this important piece of legislation. 
It is true, when we talk about bipartisanship in foreign affairs, it is probably more important than in any other place. I have gone on a number of trips and we have had delegations of Republicans and Democrats together, and always, as Americans, the differences that we might have are very, very tiny. 
to another country, we realize how important it is that, as Americans, we stand united and that other countries respect our country for what our country has done and is doing. That is really important. 
Arizona, my friend. He has been a vital force for this legislation, H.R. 1853, but he has also been a vital force on so many other issues on the Committee on Foreign Affairs and global issues that are really just so important. 
talk about policy that we need to do, there really are no Democrats and no Republicans. We are all Americans. We want to make sure that other countries respect what we try to do. 
stands for, and we want to have good relations with countries around the 
world. I think it is so important when Members travel there and meet with dignitaries and meet with leaders of the country and meet with other parliamentarians that people understand what the United States of America is all about. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
bill, as a strong original cosponsor. I want to thank Mr. ENGEL , and I want 
to thank Mr. S ALMON and Mr. B RAD 
Taiwan is a nation of 23 million people. It is a booming democracy, with a free and open media. It is a loyal friend. It is a loyal partner to the United States. 
Taiwan is engaged in important missions worldwide. We see the results of a lot of that engagement. Ebola is one most recently on our mind. When Ebola hit West Africa, it was Taiwan that donated 100,000 sets of protective equipment that were used to stop the spread of Ebola. It was Taiwan that gave so much in financial resources to help the sickest in Liberia. 
have been forced out of their homes by terrorists, whether it is in Syria or Iraq; yet, despite its active and constructive role internationally, Taiwan is excluded from many international organizations because of its political status. 
the rules and the regulations of international organizations like the U.N., it is barred from participating. It is barred from being included in U.N. treaties against transnational organized crime and nuclear proliferation. This is not good for Taiwan, and it is not good for us. 
the people around the world who travel there, Taiwan is seeking observer status in the International Criminal Police Organization, which many know as INTERPOL. 
190 member countries to work together to make the world a safer place through information sharing, capacity building, and response coordination between police departments. That is 190 countries, but Taiwan is not included. 
help to secure observer status for Taiwan at INTERPOL. The measure requires the President of the United States to develop and execute a strategy to ensure that Taiwan participates in INTERPOL’s next General Assembly meeting, which is coming up in Indonesia. This will bring better international law enforcement cooperation with one of our most important partners: Taiwan. 
Mr. Speaker, by way of history, Taiwan had full membership in INTERPOL starting back in 1964, but 
Taiwan was ejected from the law enforcement group in 1984, when the People’s Republic of China applied for membership. 
Since then, Taiwan has relied on delayed secondhand information that they get from the United States about international criminals and global criminal activities, and that, frankly, makes Taiwan more vulnerable to security threats. 
law enforcement information it gathers to the benefit, frankly, of INTERPOL and the rest of the community and all of the members of INTERPOL, all the police organizations that try to rely on that. And, of course, we are part of that. We could utilize that benefit. 
must rely on a convoluted process, with an added layer of bureaucracy, to access this critical information makes no sense. Taiwan regularly hosts the type of megaevents which often, unfortunately, attract terrorist activity, or they could. 
the World Games and had to rely solely on the United States to vet athletes and media lists, and with the U.S.’ help, several suspicious persons were, in fact, identified. They were denied entry into Taiwan. 
Universiade, a student sporting event in which 900 athletes from 170 countries are expected to attend. This event is second only to the Olympics in the number of participants and countries that are represented. 
way for Taiwan to access information from INTERPOL. As the number of visitors from Taiwan to the United States has grown exponentially, there is an urgent need to ensure that Taiwan’s police forces have realtime access to information on criminal activities and on threats. 
Waiver Program in 2012. Since then, the number of Taiwanese visitors to the United States has increased by nearly 42 percent. From my home State of California, the increase in visitors from Taiwan has been a boon to the economy. 
I am proud to have worked on Taiwan’s entry into the Visa Waiver Program because I know that, as a result of this agreement, Taiwanese Americans in southern California have a much easier time staying connected to their families, and business travelers are having an easier time, too. 
Taiwan’s participation in Customs and Border Protection’s Global Entry program, which will make twoway travel even easier. 
law enforcement capabilities benefits American citizens as much as it does the Taiwanese. Every year tens of thousands of Americans travel to Taiwan, and this bill will certainly help 
Taiwan’s police forces protect American citizens traveling in Taiwan. 
observers at its meetings by police bodies which are not members of the organization. And so I am confident Taiwan will be able to be an observer. 
H.R. 1853 will support Taiwan’s efforts to gain observer status with INTERPOL. It is going to improve everybody’s security. Mr. Speaker, we must constantly be pressing to ensure that security across the globe is protected. 
thus far hindered its inclusion in INTERPOL and is a vulnerable loophole for criminals and, frankly, for terrorists to target. With this piece of legislation, we are sending a clear message that safety is a priority. 
I want to again commend Representative MATTSALMON of Arizona, chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, and, of course, Mr. ENGEL  
and Mr. S HERMAN for authoring and introducing this important measure. I appreciated working with them on it. 
I will just say this of Mr. SALMON as 
well. He has a longstanding interest in Taiwan. His leadership on this measure is very much appreciated by all of us. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close on my side. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
As I have said, we need to use every 
tool available to combat terrorism and disrupt criminal networks around the world. It only makes sense to have more partners at the table in that effort. 
INTERPOL as an observer just makes common sense. The more participants in INTERPOL, the more good the organization can do. We should do all we can to bring willing contributors off the sidelines. 
was thrown out when everyone recognized People’s Republic of China. There is room for both. There should be both. 
for this, and our chairman, Mr. R OYCE , 
who I think has more people from Taiwan in his district than virtually any other district in the country. So he knows quite a bit about Taiwan and quite a bit about what should be done. 
the same thing. It makes sense for Taiwan. It makes sense for the United States. It makes sense for INTERPOL. I encourage my colleagues to support this measure. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2494) to support global anti poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife trafficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Anti 
escalated in scale, sophistication and violence, risking the potential extinction of some of the world’s most iconic species. 
threaten elephants, rhinoceros, and tigers greatly, but also have devastating impact on a number of other species, including sharks, great apes, and turtles. 
rebel groups and terrorist organizations, including Sudan’s Janjaweed militia, the Lord’s Resistance Army, the Seleka rebel movement in the Central African Republic, and Somalia’s alShabaab, either participate in or draw funding from illicit wildlife trafficking networks. 
illegal wildlife products, combined with weak law enforcement and security measures and corruption and governance failures, has led to the increased involvement of transnational organized crime in wildlife trafficking. 
has authorized multilateral sanctions against individuals and entities supporting armed groups through the illicit trade in wildlife, in addition to other natural resources, in the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic. 
State announced the first reward under the Transnational Organized Crime Rewards Program for information leading to the dismantling of the Xaysavang Network, a large wildlife trafficking syndicate that is based in 
of State, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and heads of other appropriate agencies should, in an effort to address regional threats to biodiversity and conservation, support strengthening existing wildlife enforcement networks and the establishment of new networks in other appropriate regions. 
Congress that in the process of strengthening and expanding wildlife enforcement networks, the appropriate agencies should— 
enforcement network member countries to gather baseline data that may be used for developing program activities for the wildlife enforcement network; 
each wildlife enforcement network that will coordinate the operational mechanisms of each such network; 
member country of a wildlife enforcement network, that includes representatives from environmental and wildlife protection agencies, law enforcement agencies, financial intelligence units, customs and border protection agencies, and the judiciary system, that will serve as a conduit to the larger wildlife enforcement network and the central secretariat; 
and relevant case information within the agencies of a wildlife enforcement network; 
international bodies and civil society organizations that have appropriate subject matter expertise; 
economic development, and that enforcement policies should not discourage or impede this activity. 
of the United States Agency for International Development, the Director of the 
heads of other appropriate agencies, including the National Park Service and the 
United States Forest Service, should, in an effort to address local and regional threats to biodiversity and conservation and support the rule of law and good governance, promote the professionalization of the wildlife law enforcement sector and professional ranger training in partner countries through support and technical assistance for the following: 
for professional ranger training and qualifications, including in relevant international fora and multilateral agreements. 
local law enforcement tasked with wildlife or park protection and local defense forces, where appropriate, including training opportunities, logistical support, or provision of equipment. 
of each year, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce, shall submit to Congress a report that lists each foreign country determined to be a major source of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, a major transit point of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, or a major consumer of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives. 
described in this subsection are sections 516, 524, and 541 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j, 2344, or 2347), chapter 6 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2348 et seq.), and section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2763). 
Public Law 107–245 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is repealed. 
on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United 
States should continue to provide defense articles (not including significant military equipment), defense services, and related training to appropriate security forces of countries of Africa for the purposes of countering wildlife trafficking and poaching. 
Secretary of the Interior shall each report to the Congress each certification to the President made by such Secretary under this subsection, within 15 days after making such certification.’’; and 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State should dedicate sufficient program resources to— 
with a special emphasis where feasible on impact evaluations, of wildlife trafficking programs consistent with the Department of State’s January 2015 Evaluation Policy; 
trafficking programs on the Department of State’s Internet website, ‘‘ForeignAssistance.gov’’ in a digital format consistent with the United States commitment to the International Aid Transparency Initiative (IATI); and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
an exchange of letters between myself and the chairmen of the Natural Resources and Judiciary Committees. 
Mr. Speaker, the very disturbing reality is that some of the world’s most majestic animals have become ‘‘blood currency’’ for terrorist organizations and rebel groups. Some of the same radical organizations that carry out terror for political purposes get their resources by the sale of rhino horns and ivory through the slaughter of these animals in order to fund their terrorist operations. Poachers are taking advantage of underequipped and undermanned park rangers. As we watch this play out across the subSaharan continent, they are decimating elephant and rhino populations and trading their tusks. 
elephants roamed the continent’s forests and savannahs. That is not that long ago. Today, there are less than 500,000 left. With this explosion in poaching, at these current rates, in about two decades, they will vanish. The rhino would vanish. 
the largest rhino populations, poachers killed an average of 14 rhinos per year in the 1990s and 2000s. Last year, they killed 1,200—the top year on record. 
frankly, is a security issue for the entire planet. As we watch what is developing with these organizations, wildlife 
trafficking is now the most lucrative criminal activity—certainly, one of the most lucrative—around the world. I saw an estimate that poaching in Africa is worth $10 billion in annual income for these radical organizations. 
held several hearings and briefings in which we learned how nefarious groups like al Shabaab, the Janjaweed, and Joseph Kony’s Lord’s Resistance Army benefit from trafficking in wildlife and trading the ivory for guns. An average size tusk is worth 25 cases of fresh ammunition in central Africa. Twenty five cases will enable rebel groups to continue to rampage and terrorize civilian populations. 
resources in trying to bring stability to the countries where these armed groups operate: Somalia, Sudan, and the Congo. All of that effort and investment are undermined when these terrorist organizations and rebel groups find these new financial lifelines. We remember the situation with blood diamonds. Well, for the last decade and a half, it has been ivory and rhino horns. 
the Global AntiPoaching Act tackles wildlife trafficking in several ways. This legislation designates those countries that are ignoring wildlife trafficking and allows the Secretary of State to withhold security assistance from the worst offenders. 
foreign governments have been found complicit. A ‘‘naming and shaming’’ of these countries is the minimum we can do if we are to contend with the poaching explosion. We know from some of our antitrafficking legislation how much pressure this does, in fact, put on foreign governments. Countries in Asia that are driving the demand for wildlife products also come under the spotlight in this bill. 
shaming that this legislation establishes, it has been used, as I mentioned, not just with traffickers, but also in drug trafficking cases. It is a way to force other countries to become part of the solution, rather than part of the problem. 
those who are involved in it, the legislation makes wildlife trafficking an offense under racketeering and money laundering statutes, going after the international networks that are taking profits out of this. It is the terrorist organizations on the ground doing the work, but it is the international criminal syndicates that then move the ivory around the world. We also have to stop that demand for the ivory. 
seized assets from these new penalties go toward the conservation of the very species that were trafficked. So when moneys are obtained from those involved in the pipeline, it can be employed for that purpose. Mr. Speaker, tackling poaching can 
protect exotic wildlife, increase security, and help Africa’s development. One of the fastest growing sectors in Africa is ecotourism. In 2014, the industry contributed $70 billion to the African economy and directly employed 8 million people. 
These majestic animals drive tourism in Africa. They drive sustainable development there. But if we don’t bring the slaughter to an end, there might not be any of these animals to see in a few years. 
trying to stop the slaughter at the hands of poachers are outmaneuvered and outgunned. This bipartisan legislation will help even out the fight by pressuring the administration to provide vital security assistance, including vehicles as well as intelligence and surveillance tools, to these park rangers. 
consequences if today’s poaching rates go on unchecked: terrorist and rebels fund their dangerous activities, and the African economy takes a major hit. The legislation before us today is a chance to change this course and to reverse this course back toward one of sustainable development; back toward one where, in the future, people from around the globe can go to Africa and see these magnificent animals and participate in building the economy through ecotourism in Africa. 
respect to H.R. 2494, the ‘‘Global AntiPoaching Act,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 2494 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 2494 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2494 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 2494. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 2494, the Global AntiPoaching Act, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. 
on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this legislation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2494 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
2494, the Global AntiPoaching Act. This bill contains provisions under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
bring this bill before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, I will agree that the Committee on Natural Resources be discharged from further consideration of the bill. I do so with the understanding that this action does not affect the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources, and that the Committee expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any HouseSenate conference that may be convened on this, or any similar legislation. I ask that you support any such request. 
Finally, I also ask that a copy of this letter and your response be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 2494 on the House floor. 
Thank you for your work on this bill and 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 2494, the Global AntiPoaching Act, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. 
on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2494 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your 
cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
friend, the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, EDROYCE , for authoring the Global AntiPoaching Act. I am very proud to be an original cosponsor. This bill, again, is a good example of our committee working across the aisle to get real results. 
every 20 minutes. That is just a shocking statistic. So in the 40 minutes we have to debate this bill, two elephants will be killed. Last year, the toll was 20,000. It is just disgusting. 
aren’t being killed for sport. No matter how you feel about big game hunting, the real reason elephants and other iconic animals are being wiped out is far more sinister, and it is why this issue deserves the attention of Congress and the administration. Those responsible for poaching are profiting from their crimes by selling ivory or rhinoceros horns or cheetah pelts. 
profits go to buy weapons for violent, armed militias, to bribe government officials and law enforcement, and to fuel criminal networks. In short, poaching pumps resources into groups that threaten security and stability, groups that want to do harm to innocent people and want to do harm to the United States of America. That is why Chairman ROYCE and I view wildlife 
trafficking as a security issue, and that is why we introduced the Global Anti Poaching Act. 
Our bill would bring wildlife trafficking under money laundering and racketeering statutes that are already part of our law. It would support the professionalization of wildlife law enforcement units on the ground and allow us to provide them nonlethal assistance. It would strengthen regional Wildlife Enforcement Networks designed to combat poaching, and it would name and shame governments that aren’t taking this problem seriously. 
highlight the excellent work of the Wildlife Conservation Society from my hometown, Bronx, New York. The Wildlife Conservation Society runs the Bronx Zoo and many other cultural institutions in New York City. They have been actively fighting poaching and trafficking for many years. They have been on the forefront of the American fight against poaching and trafficking. It is a pleasure to work with them on this and so many other issues. 
with one of their leaders, John Calvelli, who used to be my chief of staff in 
Washington—he ran my Washington office—so I know how dedicated this group is. 
trafficking, both to deny resources to dangerous organizations and to protect some of the world’s most iconic creatures. 
People may feel: Well, if I just buy a 
little ivory doll or I buy something made out of ivory, how can that hurt? After all, it is there. 
What is wrong with it? I will tell you what is wrong with it. It funnels and aids and abets terrorism, because these groups that sell the tusks and sell the ivory are, by and large, groups that get the money back and use it to force terror. 
they are buying things that help terrorist organizations. Just like we have the fight with the artifacts that are coming in from Syria that ISIS takes and loots and then sells abroad to help finance their terrorist activities, the same thing is true for ivory and the same reasons are being used: It is being done to funnel this money towards helping sinister groups, many of whom are terrorist organizations. 
this bill. This is a very important bill. I thank my friend and partner, Chairman ROYCE . 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I just want 
to conservation on this planet and to his work on this legislation as well. 
Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. He is an original cosponsor of this bill. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the chairman for yielding. I also thank the chairman and ranking member for their work on this very important piece of legislation. 
game like elephant and rhinos are getting slaughtered. Ivoryseeking poachers have killed 100,000 elephants in 3 years. The black rhino population has dropped 95 percent since the early 20th century. In 2007, there were 12 rhinos killed in South Africa; but in 2013 and 2014, over 1,000 were killed each year. 
Regarding elephants, this is a photograph of one of the oldest elephants in existence. Satao was his name. He was in his forties. He was killed for his tusks. They were so long, they drug on the ground. 
That is what is happening to the elephant population in Africa. They are killed not for their meat; they are killed for their tusks. 
Most of the people doing the poaching are really not the locals who poach for an animal to eat. That is not most of the poaching, although that does occur. 
like China and Vietnam. China is the number one destination for elephant tusks. Vietnam is the number one world destination for rhino horns. 
this trafficking don’t just traffic wildlife. They traffic drugs, weapons, and people. It is all the same group of criminals that are trafficking. They traffic anything for money. 
The wildlife trafficking trade has exploded in recent years because the criminals understand that profits they get from trafficking wildlife are bigger than what they get for trafficking drugs. 
are less and, if caught, the punishment is less. So that is why wildlife trafficking is on the increase. 
$27,000 per pound. That is twice the value of gold and platinum and more than cocaine and diamonds. 
terrorist groups are involved in this as well. I held a hearing in my subcommittee in February on the connection between wildlife trafficking and terrorist groups. The witnesses testified that terrorists are one of several groups involved in wildlife trafficking. And, of course, they do it all for the money. They use the money, as Mr. ENGEL said, to buy bullets and guns to 
cause terror in Africa and other places in the world. 
Just over the weekend, al Qaeda’s Somali affiliate, AlShabaab, released photographs of its fighters hunting and killing a giraffe. Here is a photograph of that giraffe that was killed in Africa. It is a recruiting poster for jihad. 
poster. This recent video says: Terrorism is in my nation, and we do it for tourism. Therefore, come and help us in jihad. That is a recruiting poster, the killing of wildlife in Africa. 
Killing of elephants is a main revenue source for the Lord’s Resistance Army, led by the infamous Joseph Kony. 
legislation does, corrupt government officials that give a wink and a nod for allowing the poaching, in their countries, of rhinos, elephants, and others. 
is a national security problem. This bill will give our law enforcement the authority it needs to be able to go after criminals and terrorists and help foreign governments save rhinos and elephants from extinction. 
don’t stop wildlife trafficking of rhinos, elephants, and other animals by terrorist groups, for organized criminal 
activities, the only places our kids and grandkids are going to see rhinos and elephants are at the zoo or in a Disney cartoon. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
for his leadership on this issue, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), and 
all of the people that have worked so hard on this. 
We need to be creative in the way we 
go after financing for violent groups. If nothing is done, I believe the statistic is that, in 11 years, elephants will be extinct in the wild. Isn’t that a tragedy? Who would have thought? So we need to be creative in the way we go after the financing for violent groups. 
important things about terrorism and criminal activities. So, again, I want to say that, when people buy these things, it is not innocent. They are aiding terrorism, and they are aiding criminality. 
We need to use every tool at our disposal, so this legislation does that by going after a critical source of funding for criminals and terrorists. At the same time, it will help to preserve 
support this measure. I thank Chairman ROYCE for his hard work on this 
and so many other things. This is something that everyone needs to support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, part of the 
tragedy of this can be seen in what happened in Garissa National Park in Africa. The jihadists hit that park in order to take those tusks, in order to get that hard currency and trade those tusks for weapons and for bullets, and then used that weaponry to turn on Garissa University. 
The one thing that AlShabaab has in common with the Janjaweed and with these other jihadi organizations is a hatred—just as Boko Haram has this hatred—a hatred of those who study. 
do when they had their hands on those weapons? They then went to Garissa University and slaughtered 145 students after slaughtering the elephants in the parks. 
There is a direct link when jihadi organizations, as Judge TEDPOEshared 
with you, carried out these attacks to recruit, to show that they have got the power to kill, that they have got the power to exterminate, to annihilate not just these animal species but human beings as well. 
Each day of inaction means more animals poached, and the coffers of terrorist organizations and rebels grow full because the criminal syndicates that buy the ivory give them the weapons and give them the money. That has to come to an end. Since the time we started this debate, as Mr. ENGEL pointed out, two 
elephants have already been poached, have been slaughtered, because one is killed every 15 minutes in Africa. 
and as Mr. P OEalluded, that our children could grow up in a world without rhinoceros, without elephants, and it is no exaggeration. Certainly the forest elephant is going to be wiped out; the black rhino is going to be wiped out. 
Do we want to live in that kind of a 
world? Do we want to allow that to happen on our watch? 
The Global AntiPoaching Act combats today’s unprecedented levels of poaching and wildlife trafficking by holding foreign governments accountable, by adding greater consequences for traffickers in this illicit trade, while also assisting those park rangers on the ground who, frankly, need our help, need the help of our intelligence services, need our satellites and other capabilities, and need a better way in which to defend themselves and those parklands across Africa. 
Member of this body authored legislation to help set up these national parks 
across Africa, the Congo Basin Forest Partnership Act, which Clay Shaw and I authored. 
But today these terrorist organizations are in the parklands themselves, slaughtering these species. 
that have been involved in putting this together and, also, some from the other committees that assisted us, like Chairman GOODLATTE of the Judiciary 
the Natural Resources Committee, for their constructive input and assistance in getting this legislation to the floor. 
And, of course, I would like, in closing, to recognize, again, Ranking Member ENGEL and Representatives P OE, 
opportunity and vote for H.R. 2494 and then help us bring a little pressure to bear to get this bill out of the Senate. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
reiterate a point I made during the Foreign Affairs Committee markup of the Global Anti Poaching Act, H.R. 2494, which is being considered on the House floor today. 
At the markup in June, I offered a very specific amendment to this bill that would simply ensure that nothing in Section 6 of this Act shall be construed to authorize the use of the United States Armed Forces in combat activities. Since that time, I am happy to see that the Chairman has amended the text of this legislation to reflect my concerns. 
I think it is important to state, once again, 
that this bill does not authorize the use of U.S. forces in combat activities as a result of fighting poaching. At markup the Chairman assured me that nothing in this bill could be construed to authorize such a combat activity, and the amended text of this bill does more to ensure that is the case. 
We all know that poaching is a very serious 
problem and I believe this bill is a constructive 
Chairman R OYCE for his work on this important legislation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2494, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on the motion to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1853) to direct the President to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) that the House suspend 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 392, nays 0, not voting 41, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko 
Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Buchanan Clay Comstock Crawford Cummings Davis, Danny Ellmers (NC) Fincher Gabbard Gohmert Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Rohrabacher Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Speier Stutzman Takai Westmoreland Whitfield Yarmuth Yoder 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 354) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe. 
Whereas antiSemitic rhetoric and acts, including violent attacks on people and places of faith, have increased in frequency, variety, and severity in many countries in Europe; 
de la Communaute Juive (Jewish Community Security Service) reported an increase in antiSemitic acts in France between 2013 to 2014 (from 423 acts to 851), including an increase in violent ones (from 105 acts to 241); 
(from 535 acts to 1,168), including an increase in violent ones (from 69 to 81); and the Kantor Center for the Study of Contemporary European Jewry reported an increase in antiSemitic acts between 2013 and 2014 in Germany (from 788 acts to 1076, including 36 violent acts to 76), Belgium (from 64 acts to 109, including 11 violent acts to 30), Austria (from 137 acts to 255, including 4 violent acts to 9), and Italy (from 45 to 90, including 12 violent acts to 23); 
Whereas the Federal Bureau of Investigation reported, in its latest available statistics, 870 incidents in 2012 with antiJewish bias motivation, including 13 violent incidents, and 625 incidents in 2013 with anti Jewish bias motivation, including four violent incidents; 
increasingly directed at places of ordinary daily life and places of worship, including— 
loyalty to the Islamic State of Iraq and al Sham (ISIS) and attacked a kosher supermarket in Paris, France, January 9, 2015, murdering four Jewish patrons; and 
loyalty to ISIS and attacked the Great Synagogue in Copenhagen, Denmark, during a bat mitzvah celebration, February 15, 2015, murdering a member of the Jewish community on security duty, and wounding two members of the Danish Police Service; 
to the fundamental freedoms, rights, security, and diversity of all citizens, societies, and countries in which they occur; 
Whereas governments have primary responsibility for the security and safety of all of their citizens and therefore primary responsibility for monitoring, preventing, and responding to antiSemitic violence; 
focus on strengthening safety awareness, crisis management, and preparedness are essential to keeping members of the Jewish community safe, and complement efforts of government and intergovernmental entities; 
Whereas keeping members of Jewish communities safe requires government agencies, intergovernmental institutions and agencies, and law enforcement associations, formally recognizing and partnering with Jewish community groups that focus on safety awareness and crisis management and preparedness; 
Whereas in the United States, United Kingdom, and France, there are examples of formal recognition, partnership, training, and informationsharing between government entities and Jewish community security groups that have strengthened these countries and contributed to the safety and security of Jewish communities; 
Whereas Jewish community groups, consortia, and initiatives, have formed and are forming to focus on safety awareness, crisis management, and preparedness, and partner with law enforcement entities and thought leaders; 
focused campaigns, including the national ‘‘If You See Something, Say Something’’ campaign of the Department of Homeland Security, which rely on members of the public reporting suspicious activity to law enforcement personnel, are critical to preventing violent attacks on individuals and communities; 
and analysis is vital to strengthening the preparedness, prevention, mitigation, and response of Jewish communities and law enforcement agencies; 
extremism, and efforts to counter antiSemitism, should be integrated with each other as 
29, 2004, participating States of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) condemned antiSemitism and committed themselves to specific actions to combat it, and to collect and maintain reliable information and statistics about anti Semitic crimes; 
Whereas, on December 6, 2013, the Ministerial Council of the OSCE, which is composed of the Foreign Ministers of participating States, adopted Decision number 3/13 entitled ‘‘Freedom of Thought, Conscience, Religion, or Belief’’, emphasizing ‘‘the link between security and full respect for the freedom of thought’’, and committing member governments to adopt ‘‘policies to promote respect and protection for places of worship and religious sites, religious monuments, cemeteries and shrines against vandalism and destruction’’, among other specific actions; 
Whereas, on December 5, 2014, the Ministerial Council of the OSCE adopted Declaration number 8, the Basel Declaration, on ‘‘Enhancing Efforts to Combat AntiSemitism’’, in which members of the Council stated, ‘‘We express our concern at the disconcerting number of antiSemitic incidents that continue to take place in the OSCE area and remain a challenge to stability and security’’ and ‘‘We stress the importance of States collaborating with civil society through effective partnerships and strengthened dialogue and cooperation on combating antiSemitism’’; and 
Whereas in 2004, Congress passed the Global AntiSemitism Review Act, which established an Office to Monitor and Combat Anti Semitism, headed by a Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat AntiSemitism: Now, therefore, be it 
work closely with European governments and their law enforcement agencies, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), the European Union, Europol, and Interpol, encouraging them to— 
share information with Jewish community security groups to strengthen preparedness, prevention, mitigation, and response related to antiSemitic attacks and to support related research initiatives; 
United States, the United Kingdom, and France, between government entities and Jewish community security groups, as examples of partnership, training, and informationsharing; 
groups with local law enforcement agencies, including joint training opportunities and information sharing; 
(iv) preparedness, including emergency response plans, of Jewish community groups; and 
adjustments to their strategies and efforts to combat antiSemitism as needed; 
European informationsharing and alerting system that can include governmental and nongovernmental agencies, as well as Jewish communities; 
effectively trained to monitor, prevent, and respond to antiSemitic violence, and to partner with Jewish communities; 
the United States Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat AntiSemitism as part of the broader policy priority of fostering international religious freedom; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, antiSemitism in Europe is on the rise. Jewish communities there are on the edge. Fearing this rise in hatred toward them may signal a return to Europe’s darkest days. This sad reality is well documented by authoritative reports from the Pew Foundation, the AntiDefamation League, and others. 
In 2015, a survey by the AntiDefamation League showed that over 25 percent of European respondents said that they harbored antiSemitic feelings; and that number had significantly increased from the year before in a few countries, such as in the Netherlands and in the United Kingdom. 
streets, seen scrawled across synagogues and in desecrated burial sites, and even demonstrated in deadly acts of terror. We all recall the horrific attacks on the Charlie Hebdo offices and 
the grocery in Paris and the later attacks at a synagogue and a cafe in Copenhagen. Just last month in Manchester, four Jewish youths were attacked by thugs who shouted their hatred of Jews. One of the victims, a 17 yearold boy, had to be hospitalized. 
filled rhetoric is causing Europe’s Jews to look over their shoulders and even consider fleeing communities that they have been a part of for over 20 generations, to seek safety elsewhere. 
people or any other religious or minority group is repugnant. Sadly, the Jewish people have been among the most persecuted in the world. 
of the Holocaust, when you think of the consequences of the Inquisition, the magnitude of it comes home when you realize that there are as many Jews left alive on this planet today as there were during the early days of the Roman Empire. The slaughter of these people, their persecution, leaves for humanity the thought: Have we learned nothing from the Holocaust? 
send this message to their people and act to provide greater protection for their Jewish citizens. 
several commonsense steps for our European allies to consider to improve the safety of their Jewish communities: 
between law enforcement and Jewish community groups in order to improve the security plans, training, and enhanced law enforcement response to these antiSemitic attacks. 
Improved sharing of information between government agencies, law enforcement, and Jewish community groups is another key recommendation. 
Finally, this measure encourages European nations to improve communication between themselves and with the United States to analyze trends in antiSemitic crimes and to share best practices in combating extremism. 
antiSemitic sentiment can lay the foundation for persecution of Jewish communities under the guise of political protest or under the guise of nationalistic pride. That is why leaders of free societies everywhere must expose these prejudices for the dangers they pose to their communities. 
CHRIS SMITH of New Jersey for authoring this important measure. And, as always, I thank Ranking Member ENGEL  
for his help on this measure and in getting this bill to the floor. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of this measure. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman ROYCE , again, for being on top of all these very important issues. Under 
his leadership, the Foreign Affairs Committee has really taken the lead on important issues such as this. 
New Jersey for sponsoring this resolution. As the chair of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, CHRIS SMITH has been focused on the disturbing surge of anti Semitism in Europe. He is always there. He always speaks out forcefully about antiSemitism and other things that are important to him. I am grateful for his leadership. 
to take up this sort of measure. As we all know, antiSemitism, that ancient hatred, has continued smoldering through the centuries. Week after week, we hear reports of new antiSemitic attacks: the vandalism of the Babi Yar Holocaust site in Kiev—I have been there a number of times. It is very disheartening that that would be desecrated—the targeting of the Great Synagogue in Copenhagen; and, of course, the unfathomable attack, as Chairman ROYCE mentioned, in Paris last January. 
surge in antiSemitism as the work of violent, fringe individuals. In countries like Hungary and Greece, shamefully, we see explicitly antiSemitic political parties winning seats and elections. It is deeply troubling, very disturbing. 
heard this canary in the coal mine. You can draw a straight line from early indifference and inaction to the darkest chapter in human history. The lessons of the Holocaust are seared in our collective consciousness. Those lessons are telling us to throw water on this fire before it burns out of control. 
I was born after World War II in New 
York, and I remember hearing family members talking about antiSemitism. The general prevailing thought was, well, this is something that will never happen again, that the Holocaust was so horrific that world humanity would understand that something like this could never happen again. When I say ‘‘never happen again,’’ I mean to any group—not just to Jewish groups, to any group. 
to just look around the world to see all the hatred and all the people who are being slaughtered because of who they are or what tribe they are from or what people they are from. 
where so many people—6 million Jewish people—perished during the Holocaust, that antiSemitism would rear its ugly head again. One would think that people would be ashamed and would not want to go down the antiSemitic path again. 
end of World War II, and we see an alarming rise. And it is an alarming rise from a lot of different communities. There are skinheads and people who have always uttered antiSemitic 
We also, unfortunately, have a number of people living in Europe of Middle Eastern descent who also are using the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians to, again, fan the fires of antiSemitic hatred. As the numbers of people from Arab lands go to Europe, some, unfortunately, are fanning the fires of antiSemitism. That has to be condemned and stopped as well. 
AntiSemitism needs to be condemned no matter who is espousing it, no matter where it is coming from, and no matter what they are saying. It is really time to call it the way it is. 
enforcement when Jewish communities in Europe are under threat. But it is not that simple. We also need greater leadership from officials by speaking out against antiSemitism. We had a bill just a couple of hours ago—maybe not even a couple of hours ago—which talked about the Palestinian leadership not condemning antiSemitism and having incitement of things that result in antiSemitic attacks. 
So this is the same thing. It is the 
same thing, whether it is in Europe or the Middle East. It is rearing its ugly head, and it is time for us to continue to speak out against it. 
The United States of America has always been the bastion of society, and the world looks to us for leadership. I think it is very important that the United States Congress is doing this now. 
enforcement when Jewish communities in Europe are under threat, but it is not that simple. We also need greater leadership from officials by speaking out against antiSemitism. We need stronger partnerships with Jewish communities to help them develop their own safety responses, community policing techniques, and information sharing with government agencies. 
We need to foster cultures that respect diversity and don’t ostracize minority groups. I condemn any kind of ostracizing of any minority group in this country or around the world. We need to step in and say that we will not tolerate it. 
efforts, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. AntiSemitism is rearing its ugly head, but it can be defeated. I think what the Congress is doing today is a very good step in that direction. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
remainder of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the author of this measure, and I ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control the time. Mr. SMITH, as U.S. 
chairman of the Helsinki Commission, works with our European allies to improve the security and improve the safety of these Jewish communities in 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
his leadership on this very important human rights issue, as he has done so ably and effectively on all of these issues, particularly his leadership on Iran; and that, of course, would be echoed with ELIOT ENGEL ’s excellent 
work there as well. This is a group of leaders that have made a huge difference. So thank you, Chairman ROYCE , for that. 
specific, effective actions that government should take in response to the deadly threats to the Jewish communities in Europe. As we all know, the number of violent antiSemitic attacks have increased from 100 to 400 percent in some European countries since 2013 alone. Murders in Paris and Copenhagen and elsewhere remind us that there are those who are motivated by antiSemitic hate and have the will and the means to kill. 
that my work in combating antiSemitism began back in 1981, in my first term, from this very podium, speaking out in favor of Jewish refuseniks. I joined Mark Levin and the NCSJ 1 year later in 1982 on a trip to the Soviet Union where we met with men and women who were targeted by the KGB and the Soviet evil empire simply because they were Jewish. Sadly, anti Semitism has not abated, and in recent years, it has actually worsened. 
States Government to work with our European allies on specific actions that are essential to keep European Jewish communities safe and secure. It is based on consultations with the leading experts who are working directly with these communities. The resolution focuses on the formal partnerships between European law enforcement agencies and Jewish community security groups. 
Speaker, the collaboration between the Department of Homeland Security and Security Community Network—an initiative of the Jewish Federation of North America and the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations—has been essential to protecting Jewish communities here. 
Community Security Trust in the United Kingdom and the Jewish Community Security Service in France and their respective governments are also excellent models that need to be emulated. 
The resolution emphasizes the importance of consistent, twoway communication and information sharing between law enforcement agencies and Jewish community groups. It encourages the development of a panEuropean information sharing, communication, and alerting system, and envisions governments, intergovernmental agencies, and Jewish communities 
working together on it. Such a system should function dayround and year round and include training for personnel who are implementing it. 
The resolution also calls for European governments to support assessments in several key areas and accordingly adjust their actions and strategies. Details matter. The assessments should gather and analyze data on crimes committed, response from law enforcement, types of attacks or incidents that are most prevalent, and the types of targets that are most at risk. 
enforcement agencies usually receive reports of antiSemitic crimes and what initial actions they take when a report is filed. 
a resolution at the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly, we heard that it was just hooliganism and other kinds of acts done by young people when you spraypaint a swastika on a tombstone in a Jewish cemetery, when you deface a synagogue, and you attack a man simply because he is wearing a yarmulke. Clearly, these are acts of antiSemitic hate; yet, they were being dismissed as something that was other. 
Assessments are also needed on Jewish community security groups, particularly of their capabilities, resources, relationships with local law enforcement agencies, preparedness, including emergency response plans, and the extent to which their decisionmaking is based on the best available information, analysis, and practices. 
to use these assessments to help these community groups develop common baseline safety standards. These standards should include, as I said before, training, controlling access to physical facilities, physical security measures, including cameras, and crisis communications. Emergency exercises and simulations, mapping access to facilities, and sharing information with law enforcement agencies should also be part of the standards. 
help achieve the resolution’s call for law enforcement personnel to be well trained to monitor, prevent, and respond to antiSemitic violence and to partner with Jewish communities. For all of these assessments, governments should draw information from sources that include Jewish groups, law enforcement agencies, independent human rights NGOs, research initiatives, and other civil society groups and leaders. 
and suspicious activity reporting campaigns, like ‘‘If you see something, say something’’ here in the United States. Other aspects of the resolution include appropriately integrating initiatives to counter violent extremism and those to combat antiSemitism and the urgency of implementing the declarations, decisions, and other commitments of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe that focus on antiSemitism. 
To accomplish these goals, the resolution calls for European governments to ensure that they appoint or designate senior officials with the necessary authority and resources to combat antiSemitism and collaborate with governmental and intergovernmental agencies, law enforcement, and Jewish community groups. 
Finally, the resolution reaffirms support for the mandate of the United States Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat AntiSemitism as part of the broader policy of fostering international religious freedom and urges the Secretary of State to continue robust U.S. reporting on antiSemitism by the Department of State and the Special Envoy to Combat and Monitor AntiSemitism. 
authored the amendment to the Global AntiSemitism Review Act of 2004, introduced and sponsored by Senator Voinovich. My amendment created the Office to Monitor and Combat Anti Semitism within the State Department. That has proven to be a key tool in this fight. 
support of leading organizations, and it has 89 cosponsors, including all eight of the cochairs of the Bipartisan Taskforce for Combating AntiSemitism. 
Speaker, John Farmer, Jr., and Paul Goldenberg for their tireless efforts and dedication and leadership in fighting antiSemitism and terrorism over the years. 
New Jersey and is now on the steering committee of the Institute for Emergency Preparedness and Homeland Security and is the codirector of the FaithBased Communities Security Program at Rutgers University. 
Secure Community Network and a senior adviser to the Institute and the program. Several major Jewish communities in Europe have relied on their counsel, and both have spent time on the ground within these communities. 
and single out for very, very special thanks and recognition Rabbi Andy Baker, personal representative of the OSCE chair in the Office on Combating AntiSemitism and director of the International Jewish Affairs for the American Jewish Committee. He has been critical—critical—to American leadership in Europe and in the United States in the fight against antiSemitism. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), my good friend and 
and my good friend, our ranking member of the committee, E LIOT ENGEL , 
and all those who were so involved in putting this important resolution together. 
354. It was introduced by the cochairs of the Bipartisan Taskforce for Combating AntiSemitism. In the aftermath of appalling antiSemitic incidents throughout Europe, including the devastating terrorist attacks at the Paris kosher supermarket and the Great Synagogue of Copenhagen, this important resolution urges the United States Government to help improve the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe. 
to the United Kingdom, Ukraine to France, there has been a sharp rise in assaults on Jewish individuals and acts of vandalism on Jewish places of worship, cemeteries, and memorials. Such destruction and desecration is unacceptable and must be stopped. That is why this resolution is so critical. 
It highlights specific ways the administration can work with European governments, especially law enforcement agencies, to formally recognize and partner with Jewish organizations to develop common safety standards, alert systems, informationsharing mechanisms, and ensure that local law enforcement personnel are effectively trained to monitor, prevent, and respond to antiSemitic violence. 
my fellow cochairs of the AntiSemitism Taskforce, Representatives SMITH, 
ENGEL , G RANGER , I SRAEL , R OS 
LEHTINEN , DEUTCH , and R OSKAM . The 
task force remains committed to working across regions, religions, and party lines to condemn all antiSemitism and fight for the right of Jews to live freely as Jews without fear. 
my strong support for H. Res. 293, which condemns antiIsrael and anti Semitic incitement within the Palestinian Authority and calls on President Abbas to discourage such despicable behavior. 
Israel must end. The only way it will end is if Palestinian leaders take genuine and immediate steps to denounce all violence and promote security cooperation, coexistence, and peace with Israel. 
As the ranking member of the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs of the Committee on Appropriations, I will continue to do everything in my power to bolster Israel’s security to combat incitement and to promote stability and peaceful coexistence throughout the world. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS 
LEHTINEN ), the chair of the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the former chair of the full committee. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
bill, House Resolution 354, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe. I was an original cosponsor of this resolution. 
for his leadership on this issue and, indeed, for his tireless efforts to fight antiSemitism and support international religious freedom. 
cochairs of the congressional Bipartisan Taskforce for Combating Anti Semitism for demonstrating their leadership on this issue in Congress and for raising the level of awareness and dialogue within our body related to global antiSemitism. 
In recent years, Mr. Speaker, the protection and the promotion of these values have moved from being part and parcel of our foreign policy objective to not even ranking as one of our top priorities. It is time. 
It is way past time that we make respect for human rights and the protection of religious and ethnic minorities a top priority for our foreign policy objectives and show real leadership and show that we have the will and the moral imperative to promote our values across the world. 
Middle East. It is seeking to establish an Islamic caliphate. It wants to wipe out the region’s religious minorities of 
all kinds and anyone who does not adhere to its radical brand of Islam. 
antiSemitism in Europe and other attacks on religious freedom across the globe, underscores why Mr. SMITH’s 
measure before us today is so timely, is so important. 
with European governments and law enforcement agencies in order to help them fight the rise of antiSemitism across the continent and to make combating antiSemitism part of our government’s broader policy of promoting international religious freedom. 
Europe is at the dawn of a lamentably repeated and dangerous era, one of antiSemitism, often masked through a political antiIsrael stance. If we don’t move to act now, Mr. Speaker, we may see more deadly attacks, like the murder of four Jews in a kosher supermarket in Paris earlier this year. 
the forefront, leading the effort, helping other nations develop a more comprehensive approach to confronting the rising antiSemitism problem. This measure before us today establishes a good framework in moving forward. 
Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. 
want to thank the task force members, of which I am humbled to be just a 
ELIOT ENGEL , N ITA LOWEY , T ED 
DEUTCH , and S TEVE ISRAEL , all of us 
working together to highlight the spread of antiSemitism and steps we must take to stem this tide. 
important resolution brought forth by the gentleman from New Jersey. I thank all of the Members who have worked on the task force to bring this forward. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New York has 11 minutes remaining. The gentleman from New Jersey has 3 minutes remaining. 
pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), who 
is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and a good friend. 
the gentleman, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, for yielding and for his tireless work to address the threat of antiSemitism around the world. 
collaborative effort among my fellow cochairs of the Bipartisan Taskforce for Combating AntiSemitism, and I thank each of them for their commitment to bringing attention and responding to the proliferation of anti Semitism globally. I especially want to thank and acknowledge Congressman SMITH of New Jersey for his commitment to human rights and his ongoing fight against antiSemitism. 
by Congress that, in the face of rising global antiSemitism, countries, including ours, must prioritize the security and the protection of their Jewish communities. 
around the world today is both unique and longstanding. It is amorphous and it is very direct. It is complex. But in many ways, it is straightforward hatred. 
garner international attention like the attack on the Paris supermarket earlier this year. However, Jewish communities around the world experience attacks and intimidation on a regular basis. 
an armed man attacked three Jews near a synagogue, including a rabbi and his 19yearold son. A third man suffered serious injuries from the stabbing. Earlier this year, in Argentina, the phrase ‘‘death to the Jews’’ and a swastika were spray painted. In Ukraine, there have been at least three incidents of Holocaust memorials desecrated with swastikas. And in many 
commonplace for Jewish communities. No one, Jewish or otherwise, should ever have to accept they will feel targeted, that they will not feel safe, and that their lives are always somewhat at risk. 
at the trends of bigotry developing in their countries. They must be sufficiently prepared to react preemptively and respond swiftly to cases of violence and intimidation against Jewish communities. 
calls on countries to build partnerships between communities and law enforcement agencies and to establish standard procedures for responding to threats and attacks by outlining steps to take and the responsibilities for each party. 
bipartisan and overwhelming support in Congress for combating antiSemitism. Tonight, we stand against anti Semitism, it is true; but where anti Semitism grows, it is a symptom of the growth of hatred, of bigotry, and of the violation of human rights. 
this resolution and, in turn, to support a world where hatred of any type, anti Semitism and all hatred, will not be tolerated. That is the world that we envision on the floor of the United States House of Representatives this evening. 
minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), a very valued 
from New York for his leadership. I also thank Mr. CHRIS SMITH of New 
Jersey, of course, for his leadership, and that of the taskforce. 
safety of Jewish communities in Europe are issues with overwhelmingly powerful historical context. The Continent has more than intimate knowledge of the devastation wrought by the purveyors of antiSemitism. 
threshold for action shouldn’t be the impending threat of violence, let alone genocide. Instead, we must marshal the will and resources to stamp out even the conditions or precursors to an environment that allows for such antiSemitism to flourish. In fact, when we face antiSemitism today, whether it be here, in Europe, or in any part of the world, we ought to say to those purveyors, ‘‘We are all Jews.’’ That is the protection we ought to seek. 
The proactive measures and collaboration encouraged by this resolution are in keeping with what should be our highest standard for vigilance with respect to antiSemitism. ‘‘Never again’’ 
isn’t about words. It is a pledge that is sacred and must be kept. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ). 
gentleman for yielding. I want to thank everybody who has put effort into bringing this resolution to the floor. 
shouldn’t be difficult, and I don’t think it is—to speak against antiSemitism, but it is a little more difficult to have carved a niche in the United States Government and governments around the world as being a leader in fighting for human rights and against anti Semitism; and that is what I have seen Congressman CHRIS SMITH do. 
the Helsinki Commission, of which I am a proud member. I got to know Mr. SMITH during the hearings we have had 
and the travels on the Helsinki Commission. CHRIS SMITH is a super leader 
in looking out for people and minorities all over the world. So I thank him particularly for his efforts at spearheading this and being vigilant. It is so important. 
have antiSemitism in this world. It wasn’t that long ago that the Holocaust occurred. We have got Holocaust museums and programs throughout different countries. We have had a lot of Holocaust museums and an understanding in Germany as well, but you have got skinheads and disciples of ISIL who continue to spread hate and venom. 
Holocaust, said that people who hate, hate everyone; and I know Elie Wiesel, who was a genius and a prophet, was right. So it is important that we stand up and that we share resources with our European allies to fight antiSemitism and that this country remains a bulwark in fighting against antiSemitism. We haven’t always been that. We are today, and we will continue to be. 
I thank the Members for bringing it, and I urge all Members to vote for it and pass it. 
I just want to thank my dear colleague, Mr. COHEN , and the other members of the taskforce. 
We all contributed to it. We all care deeply about it. I want him and my other colleagues to know how deeply I respect their efforts, which have been Herculean, to try to end this cruelty that is on the rise in Europe, in the United States, and in other parts. We know in the Middle East it is perhaps as bad as it has ever been; and the diaspora that makes its way into Europe is carrying that hatred with them—not all of them, of course, but a sizable 
I want to thank Mr. COHEN for his comments. 
pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSONCOLEMAN ), who is a newer Member, 
thank Mr. E NGEL for giving me this opportunity to speak, and I want to thank my colleague and neighbor, Congressman CHRIS SMITH, for introducing 
this resolution. I stand in proud support of the resolution, and I urge its passage. 
Mr. Speaker, more than 70 years removed from the Holocaust, Jewish residents in Europe face renewed waves of antiSemitic violence. The Pew Research Center reported that global harassment of Jews has reached a 7year high. This violence is pronounced in Europe, where the desecration of synagogues, cemeteries, schools, and other violent incidents have spiked over the past few years. 
Trust reported more than 1,100 anti Jewish incidents in the United Kingdom in 2014, including 81 violent assaults. That same year, according to the French Jewish advocacy group CRIF, antiSemitic incidents doubled in that nation. Troubling, violent, and even deadly antiSemitic attacks have also occurred in countries such as Denmark, Belgium, and Germany. 
community, the United States plays a very vital role in denouncing antiSemitism and hate. The national director of the AntiDefamation League has attributed U.S. public figures speaking out against hate as contributing to steady decreases in antiSemitic attitudes domestically. 
religious freedom, we share a responsibility to stand against antiSemitism and against hate in all its manifestations, whether it is the hate that manifested as four people were killed at the HyperCacher Jewish supermarket outside of Paris this past January, or the 
hate that manifested as the nine Americans killed in the massacre at Mother Emmanuel AME in Charleston, or the hate manifested as six killed at the Sikh Temple in Oak Creek, or the hate that manifested in the flames that have recently burned countless Black churches to the ground. We must join together as a nation and a global community to denounce hate wherever it may appear and uproot weeds of hate wherever they may sprout. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ), a very valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S MITH, and my colleagues on the antiSemitism Taskforce. 
member of the Austrian Parliament from the extreme rightwing Freedom Party of Austria, received the following post on her Facebook: ‘‘The Zionist money Jews are the global problem. Europe, and in particular Germany, are now getting what they deserve from Zionist Jews, particularly rich Zionist Jews in the USA.’’ Winter responded to the post on Saturday. She said: ‘‘It is great. You took the words right out of my mouth.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this resolution condemning antiSemitism in Europe takes the words right out of my mouth, and I support it emphatically. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
what can happen when this sort of hatred goes on unchecked. It is past time for governments and communities to focus on the rising tide of antiSemitism in Europe and do whatever it takes to turn it back. 
we are keeping a close eye on the problem and that action is needed now to meet this challenge. I encourage my colleagues to support this measure. 
on this, but no one works harder than he in combating antiSemitism. If you know CHRIS SMITH, you know that, 
when he gets obsessed with something, he follows it to the end; and it, as always, has a great conclusion. He is obsessed against hatred. He is obsessed against bad things happening to any group of people. I am very proud of the work that he has done through the years, and I want to thank him for his leadership in combating antiSemitism. 
his leadership and his kind words. Again, this is truly a collaborative effort, and I want to thank him for it. 
Mr. Speaker, at a congressional hearing I chaired in 2002—and I chaired about 18 such hearings on combating antiSemitism—Dr. Shimon Samuels of the Wiesenthal Center said: ‘‘The Holocaust for 30 years after the war acted as a protective Teflon against blatant antiSemitic expression, especially in Europe. That Teflon has eroded, and what was considered distasteful and politically incorrect is becoming simply an opinion.’’ He warned ominously, saying, ‘‘cocktail chatter at fine English dinners can end as Molotov cocktails against synagogues.’’ 
said that ‘‘to sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men.’’ 
Silence is not an option. And, I would equally say, nor is inaction. 
government officials at all levels to not just denounce but to act without hesitation or delay whenever and wherever antiSemitic acts occur. There are no exceptions. The purveyors of hate never take a holiday or grow weary, nor should we. 
H. Res. 354 is a best practices resolution designed to seriously inspire and challenge the governments of Europe, especially law enforcement and their homeland security agencies, to partner with their respective Jewish communities to mitigate and hopefully end and eradicate antiSemitism in all of its ugly manifestations. 
United States law enforcement, Department of Homeland Security, the Justice Department, the FBI, as well as State Homeland Security agencies, including in my own State of New Jersey, have been robust and aggressive in combating antiSemitism here. We need to replicate this and encourage others to follow our lead and that of the UK, and I do hope we will do that. 
I want to thank Nathaniel Hurd, on our staff, for his tremendous work on this resolution, working with all of his respective staffers and Members, of course, to bring this about. And I want to thank the leadership for bringing it to the floor this evening. 
I urge a ‘‘yea’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 354, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
you imagine such debilitating pain, fatigue, and depression that you feel as if your children have lost you as a parent? 
device Essure and its documented damaging side effects, this unimaginable situation is a stark reality. 
2002, Essure, a permanent sterilization device for women, has triggered over 
5,000 formal complaints to the FDA, including reported symptoms of pelvic and abdominal pain, internal bleeding, autoimmune reactions, loss of teeth and hair, and even metal breaking and migrating throughout the body. 
On top of that, Essure has been proven responsible for the deaths of four women and five unborn children. 
today Essure remains on the market, certified with FDA’s stamp of approval. That is unacceptable to me and the tens of thousands of women who are living with this device’s effects. 
That is why this week I will introduce the EFree Act, legislation to remove this device from the market before it can hurt any other women. This is a women’s issue, a safety issue, a regulatory issue, an issue with faces and names. 
legislation and join me and the thousands of women across the Nation in this fight. 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today to honor a great American who passed away yesterday, former United States Senator Fred Thompson. 
State of Tennessee in the United States Senate from 1995 until 2003. He had been a staffer on the Watergate Committee and kind of made a name for himself there when he asked such good, probing questions and did such a marvelous job. 
He later went on to be an outstanding attorney before he became a United States Senator and an actor and a leader in our country who crossed party aisles and was known to sometimes deviate from everybody to do what he thought was right. 
I was a State senator and a Democrat. Fred Thompson, a Republican, encouraged me to get involved, stay involved, and shoot for the top in politics. 
Senate, and he was awarded the National Conference of State Legislators Keeping Federalism Alive Award because of his lone vote, a single bill that has kept the policy of federalism. It wasn’t politics for Fred Thompson. It was philosophy. 
missed. I send my condolences to his family. I thank him for his service to my State and our country. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
thanks to the American taxpayers, what might be the world’s most expensive gas station was built in Afghanistan. A mysterious Department of Defense special task force spent $43 million on a gas station in Afghanistan. 
Mr. Speaker, that must be a humdinger of a truck stop. What should have only cost $500,000 cost 140 times that amount, charged to the taxpayers’ credit card. Yet, there are no answers or explanations. 
reported that Afghans don’t even use the gas station because of the cost of the gas. 
such wasteful government spending, not surprisingly. This is getting to be normal for government ‘‘spendocrats.’’ 
Time for no more Washington spendingsprees on the taxpayers’ dime. People need to be held personally responsible for such wasteful spending. 
The American people deserve an explanation. After all, it is their money that is funding $43 million gas stations in other countries. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 22, HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 6, 2015, THROUGH NOVEMBER 13, 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
on Rules submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–325) on the resolution (H. Res. 507) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; providing for proceedings during the period from November 6, 2015, through November 13, 2015; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) is recognized for 60 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
privilege to lead tonight’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour, where we will have the opportunity to speak directly to the American people. 
want to take a second, even though it feels like an eternity, to congratulate my dear friend and colleague, our CBC chairman for the 112th Congress, the Honorable EMANUEL CLEAVER of Kansas 
City, for his hometown Kansas City Royals victory in last night’s World Series game. 
York. So I had a little stake in this one. But, again, my congratulations to the city of Kansas City and to Congressman CLEAVER . 
it is an honor and a privilege to host the Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. So I speak to you this evening very much concerned and severely disappointed that we are even having tonight’s topic under such circumstances. 
Tonight we are here to address saving our communities, where our focus for this hour will be on key legislative priorities that this Congress, this year’s Congressional Black Caucus, and our Nation must confront in order to help make this union more perfect for our next generation. 
been a lot of tragic episodes that may make one shake their head and ask what is going on. 
topics in the course of this year, whether it be the issue of criminal justice reform, gun violence, economic investment as a antidote to violence, community policing, or the value of Black lives in America. 
cover this evening aren’t Black Caucus issues. I know that most in this Congress and most across this great country would acknowledge that they are American issues. 
as a barrier to our boundless possibilities as an American people. 
lot about the need to clean out the barn before the baton was passed from Speaker to Speaker. I think we made some progress in clearing out the barn last week as we passed a bipartisan budget agreement, which President Obama signed into law earlier today. 
that there is still much that needs to be cleaned out of the barn when it comes to criminal justice reform, creating opportunity in vulnerable communities, addressing inequities in the justice system, valuing all lives, regardless of race, religion or sexual orientation, making sure that good cops can do their job in keeping communities safe, and making sure that bad cops don’t get to be the Nation’s norm. 
cops don’t have a safe haven, where they can’t get away with violations of the public trust in communities they were sworn to protect, and where they aren’t in a position to spoil the whole bunch of good cops we have protecting American communities. 
At this time, I yield to the chair of 
the Congressional Black Caucus, my colleague from North Carolina, Representative G.K. BUTTERFIELD . 
Thank you for your willingness to stay on the floor tonight, even though this suspension bill was placed in front of us tonight. We certainly understand that has that happen from time to time. But thank you so very much for staying on the floor to manage the time this evening. 
I also want to thank you, Ms. KELLY , 
for your extraordinary leadership. Thank you for what you do for the Congressional Black Caucus. Thank you for what you do for your constituents in Illinois. Most importantly, thank you for what you do for our country. It is certainly appreciated. 
in congratulating the Kansas City Royals on their welldeserved victory. I did not watch the entire World Series, 
but I watched enough of it to know that this team was much deserving of this victory. And so congratulations not only to Mr. CLEAVER , who is so 
proud of Kansas City and talks about his hometown all of the time, but congratulations to all of those fans of that great team. 
Tonight we are talking about the urgent need to save our communities. What an appropriate topic, Ms. KELLY , 
because communities all across the country are in crisis. 
I travel quite a bit across the country and visit many different communities not only in my State, but in many other States. I can tell you firsthand that communities all across our country are facing crises. They are facing crises in so many different respects. 
pervasive poverty. Poverty in America is real. We have more than 400 counties in the United States of America that have poverty rates that exceed 20 percent, and all of these have had poverty rates for more than 30 years greater than 20 percent. So poverty is a critical issue in our country, and communities are feeling the effect of it in a significant way. 
have made a great improvement in the unemployment rate since the recession, it is still too high. For African American workers, it is hovering somewhere around 10 percent. That is unacceptable. 
We all talk from time to time and we 
see it all over the news today about police misconduct. Police misconduct is continuing to be a pervasive problem in so many communities. 
from Virginia, who is very passionate about the whole issue of criminal justice reform, is going to talk about mass incarceration in the United States of America. 
who are working every day to try to craft together legislation to try to address the whole question of mass incarceration. 
infrastructure and highways and tunnels and ports. Our whole infrastructure in this country needs to be addressed. Hopefully, we will be able to pass a transportation bill before the end of the year. 
side of the aisle will not try to load up the transportation bill with any ExIm Bank riders that will be a poison pill that would slow down or even defeat the transportation bill. 
So the point is, Ms. KELLY , that we 
do have an urgent need to save our communities. We need all hands on deck as we take on this challenge. 
overcriminalization of African Americans, specifically our youth. We see, for example, minor infractions that occur in the context of a classroom—yes, we have seen that on television over the last few days—a minor infraction in a classroom that escalates into an arrestable offense. 
African American and Hispanic, are too frequently funneled into the justice system as a result of overly punitive school discipline policies and poorly defined roles for law enforcement in educational settings. 
pipeline is still a reality. When I first came to Congress 11 years ago, we were talking about the schooltoprison pipeline, and we continue to talk about it today. It is a reality. So we must work together to remedy this problem. 
Black Caucus, do not at all endorse what some people over the last few days have started to call the ‘‘Ferguson Effect.’’ Let me just elaborate on that for a moment. 
We have heard some highranking officials in our country refer to the ‘‘Ferguson Effect.’’ They are suggesting in some way that an uptick in crime can be attributable to police inaction because of their fears of the ‘‘Ferguson Effect.’’ That is so erroneous. That is so disingenuous. I wish we would concentrate on the problem and not try to get sidetracked on the socalled ‘‘Ferguson Effect.’’ 
Black men like Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Freddie Gray are all a result of a number of issues, including the overcriminalization of minorities and a lack of effective community policing practices. 
have before us to gain significant ground on several legislative areas which are not only CBC priorities, but are also in the strategic interests of our Nation. Criminal justice reform is one such area. 
criminal justice reform, any legislation that we consider, must guarantee a substantial reduction in the prison population for Federal prisoners. We are, as a country, 5 percent of the world’s population; yet, we incarcerate 25 percent of those who are incarcerated in the world. There is something is wrong with that, Mr. Speaker. 
fair and that they are not disproportionate and overburdensome in some areas. 
both sides of the aisle who acknowledge the inadequacies in our criminal justice system and see reform as a key priority. The political will—the political will—for criminal justice reform is here today. 
Jersey, today talking about criminal justice reform. Some of my Republican colleagues are talking about it, and my Democratic colleagues are talking about it. 
aisle have had meaningful conversations on this issue. We believe that a bipartisan legislative accomplishment can be achieved in this session. 
will talk extensively about it when he makes his remarks in just a moment. 
place in the 114th Congress, and I believe we can reach a bipartisan compromise that can get this bill to the President’s desk by the end of this term. 
my colleague from North Carolina, for your outstanding remarks on this topic of saving our community. I really, really appreciate it, and so do the American people. 
At this time, I would like to introduce my other colleague, Representative BOBBY SCOTT from the great State 
gentlewoman for organizing this Special Order so that we can talk about many aspects of the criminal justice system. You have asked us to talk about the 
militarization of communities, also what we can do to improve policing and the problem of mass incarceration. On the term of militarizing the communities, there was an amendment offered a few months ago that would have prevented the Department of Defense from giving local police departments certain military equipment. 
was actually in the legislation because some thought that handguns and ammunition was what we were talking about. Actually, the amendment goes into great length specifically about what would be prohibited if that amendment passed to help reduce the militarization of our communities. 
The Department of Defense has a program where they will give surplus equipment to local communities, and the limitation was that none of these transfers could include aircraft, including drones; armored vehicles; grenade launchers; silencers; toxicological agents, including chemical agents and biological agents; launch vehicles; guided missiles; ballistic missiles; rockets; torpedoes; bombs; mines; or nuclear weapons. 
be barred if this amendment had passed, not handguns and ammunition or other things that local police departments could actually use. But what local police department needs nuclear weapons or torpedoes? 
sophisticated police forces. This is the kind of stuff that was being given to police departments that you might think of when you think of Andy Griffith and Barney Fife. What do they need with a tank? 
they had a tank come out, it was pointed out that the people trying to drive the tank hadn’t been trained on the tank. Can you just imagine hearing from inside, ‘‘Where are the brakes? Where are the brakes?’’ 
appropriate thing to do would be to call in the National Guard. Then you have the military performing the military functions. I think there is a lot that we can do to restrict this kind of equipment going to our local police departments. 
We can discuss the problem of policing. We all know that the vast, overwhelming majority of police officers risk their lives on our behalf and do an excellent job. 
what the problem is, we know what the solution is going to be, and that is to make sure that there is a consensus growing that we need body cameras so we can know exactly what happened and police training so that police can be properly trained on things like how to avoid profiling, how to avoid discrimination, and treating one group different from the other. Implicit bias is what it is called. There is a lot you 
that is where we really need a lot of work. As the chairman mentioned, we have 5 percent of the world’s population and 25 percent of the world’s prisoners. In most countries, for every 100,000 population, they lock up 50 to 200 people per 100,000. The United States locks up over 700 per 100,000. We are well into the first place. There is nobody close. 
That number is particularly egregious because there have been recent studies that have suggested that anything over 500 per 100,000 is actually counterproductive. 
You have so many families being raised with their parents in prison. Young people are being raised without their parents. You have so many people with felony records having trouble finding jobs. 
anything over about 500 per 100,000 is counterproductive. We are at 700 and some per 100,000. The African American incarceration rate is in the thousands. That is just wasted money. 
were looking a few years ago at an appropriations request of $2 billion needed to keep up with all the slogans and sound bites that they had codified in terms of keeping up with the mass incarceration in Texas, $2 billion in construction. 
And somebody said, ‘‘Well, if you actually make a better choice, if you invested some of that money in prevention, early intervention, and rehabilitation, you might not have to spend all $2 billion.’’ 
That is what they did. They intelligently invested in evidencebased programs, programs studied and known to reduce crime, not just sound like they reduce crime, but actually known to reduce crime, evidencebased policies of prevention, early intervention, and rehabilitation, and they found that they didn’t need to build any new prisons. 
of the prisons that they had. Over 30 States have figured out that they can reduce crime and save money by reducing mass incarceration. On the other hand, Mr. Speaker, there are people that think slogans and sound bites are good, and that is how we got in the mess we are in now. 
toprison pipeline. I like to refer to it as the Children’s Defense Fund does, as the cradletoprison pipeline, because that suggests that there are things all the way along the line that we are not doing that help construct this pipeline that ends up with—at present estimates, one out of three African American boys born today will end up in prison. 
make the appropriate investments all the way through from early childhood 
education to afterschool programs, a continuum of services, to make sure that they create the cradletocollege andcareer pipeline and not the cradle toprison pipeline. That includes investments that have been studied, evidence based, and we know they work. 
There is a lot you can do in terms of 
criminal justice reform, but if you do it right, it has to be comprehensive. That means you start with prevention and early intervention, make sure you are making those investments so fewer young people are getting in trouble. Then you have to do police training. We know that good police training can improve policing and, also, reduce crime. Body cameras can eliminate a lot of problems. 
Custody Reporting Act, which requires reporting from local police of anybody that dies in their custody in prison, in jail, or in the process of arrest, so we know what is going on around the country. As you have the debate, you can debate from a point of view of facts, not just in allegations when people don’t know exactly what the facts are. 
training is there. You can have diversion to make sure that people who are arrested might not have to spend—the only people you need pretrial in jail are those that need to be in jail. You don’t want to have unnecessary people serving time and losing their jobs in the process. 
drug courts which can address the underlying problem rather than just convict them, lock them up, they come back, same thing, come back, back and forth. 
If you deal with the underlying problem in a drug court, you can have a situation where they are diverted from prison and, also, much less likely to commit a crime in the future. 
One of the major factors in overincarceration are the mandatory minimums. We need to have significant reductions in mandatory minimum sentencing to make sure they only apply to a small portion of real, legitimate kingpins, not to girlfriends and people on the periphery that may have gotten caught up in a conspiracy. 
that it is for rehabilitation, not for just warehousing, so you are much less likely to commit a crime when you come out. You have to fund the second chance programs. 
All of this is part of the SAFE Justice Act, which has the added benefit that, because of the significant reductions in mandatory minimums, there will be savings. The Department of Justice is able to redirect the savings into the prevention, early intervention programs, the drug courts, the body cameras and everything else. So everything in the program is paid for by reducing incarceration. 
lot of different organizations, liberal and conservative, because everybody 
knows that, if it is enacted, we will reduce crime and save money. 
So we know what to do. It is just a 
matter of making sure we have the political will to do the right thing, to deal with mass incarceration by making the right choice, not the slogans and sound bites, but the evidencebased approach that will actually reduce crime and save money. 
pending. There are a lot of different bills, but we need to make sure that the comprehensive approach is reflected in whatever comes to the floor. 
from Illinois for bringing us together so we can discuss the militarization of our communities, the solutions for policing, which would include training and body cameras and how we can effectively reduce mass incarceration. We know what to do, and the solutions save more money than they cost. 
So thank you very much for the opportunity to present that. 
much for your important remarks. I know this topic is one that you have been researching and studying, trying to come up with solutions for a long time. 
One thing that is a little disconcerting is you say that the SAFE Justice Act is widely supported, but it still doesn’t move. 
doesn’t matter which bill moves. The question is whatever moves ought to have the elements of prevention and early intervention, ought to have diversion, and if you only deal with sentencing in the Federal system, you are not dealing with mass incarceration in the United States. 
The Federal system only has 10 percent of the prisoners. So if you just eliminated the Federal system, you are only talking about 10 percent reduction in incarceration. You have to do something about mass incarceration at the State level. 
So when you just talk about sentencing reform, if you reduce a mandatory minimum for 25 to 15 years, the first 15 years, that has no effect, because they will serve the first 15 years, then gradually you will have an effect. If you want an effect, you need to have prevention programs so fewer people are coming into prison, diversion programs so those who are arrested can be diverted from prison, dealt with effectively in drug court so they are much less likely to commit a crime again so that you can reduce crime and save money. 
meaningful mandatory minimum reforms because that is one of the major drivers of the overincarceration. When people are in prison, you have to make sure you have the funding for the programs to make sure they don’t come back. And once in the community, the 
We know what to do; it is just a matter of getting it done. It doesn’t matter whose bill passes; it is just whatever passes ought to have those elements. 
particular State that you think does a better job that we can hold up as a role model? 
States that have reduced crime and saved money. Texas was one of the first because they were looking at a $2 billion appropriation request to keep up with the slogans and sound bites that they had enacted in mass incarceration. At the rate they were going, they needed $2 billion in prison construction. 
prevention programs so fewer kids were getting in trouble; early intervention programs so that once people got in a little trouble, they wouldn’t get in worse trouble; and rehabilitation in prisons so that as people got out, they were less likely to come back. They found that they not only didn’t have to spend any of the $2 billion building prisons, they were able to close some of the prisons they had. 
their initiative ‘‘Right on Crime.’’ Using the word ‘‘right’’ in both words is correct, and from the political right. So you had conservatives investing their money appropriately, reducing crime, and saving money. 
some roundtables, and some of my employers, manufacturers, they shared that they did hire people who were in prison and were some of their best employees because they are so grateful that someone gave them a chance. We really need to promote that and highlight those things. 
chance idea is that people who get out of prison ought to be supported. The little money you spend on support pales in consideration to what usually happens. They get out, they can’t find a job, they can’t do anything, and they are right back into prison at $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 a year. If you spend a little bit of money supporting them, they might not come back. 
talked about today is the ‘‘ban the box.’’ When you fill out an application, there is a little box, ‘‘Have you ever been convicted of a felony?’’ If you check the box, that is the end of the interview. 
don’t talk about the criminal record at first. Go through the process so you can present your credentials. Then, at the end of the process, they can discuss criminal record, but not at the beginning. 
conviction is so far past. Studies have shown that after a few years, if you have got a clean record, the chance of 
you committing a crime isn’t any higher than the general population. So if it is a 15yearold nonviolent offense, well, maybe it is not relevant; and maybe your credentials are so much better than everybody else’s that you are the right person for the job, but you never would have had the opportunity to present your credentials if you had to check the box. 
States, and businesses are eliminating that box to check, talking to people and seeing if they are actually qualified for the job, and those that are qualified can get the job. Obviously, some violations, if you have got an embezzlement charge and you are trying to get a job in a bank, or child molestation at a daycare center, you know, but a lot of them, if it is a 20yearold marijuana possession charge or something like that, compared to your credentials, compared to everybody else head and shoulders, well, people can overlook a 20yearold conviction. You never would have gotten to that point if you had to check the box. That is why the ban the box campaign is so important. 
appreciate you taking the time and sharing your vast knowledge about this topic. 
that we represent believe that the only and right way to save our communities and secure our better future is to enact laws that actually understand the needs of American families, regardless of circumstance, and invest in their future. 
This Congress must have a frank conversation about what those investments are and vote for policies that will truly save our communities. And this conversation has to be a bipartisan conversation, not just a Congressional Black Caucus or Democratic conversation. 
today our colleague, the Honorable DONALD PAYNE , Jr., of New Jersey 
could not be here because he was asked to be with the President. President Obama visited Congressman PAYNE ’s 
district to discuss criminal justice reform, as you heard a little bit about already. 
President Obama spoke of his intent to make significant reforms in the criminal justice space; and in keeping with the message of ‘‘saving our communities,’’ the reforms the President is championing are necessary. I thank the President for his efforts. 
I want to take just a moment to say 
that I appreciate the fact that over on the other side of the Hill, a bipartisan coalition of Senators, led by my Congressional Black Caucus colleague, Senator CORY BOOKER , as well as my 
home State Senator, the Honorable DICKDURBIN , and men willing to cross the aisle, like Senator M IKELEEof 
Utah, were able to come together to introduce comprehensive legislation aimed at recalibrating prison sentences for certain drug offenders, targeting violent criminals, and granting judges greater discretion at sentencing for lowlevel drug crimes. Their sentencing reform legislation helps to curve recidivism by helping prisoners successfully reenter society. 
an overall strategy to help save communities, but they are critical ones nonetheless. 
million people leave U.S. prisons each year with jobs, housing, and mental health services scarce. Many are soon to be back behind bars. 
in the Congressional Black Caucus are calling on community stakeholders to break the cycle of incarceration by helping former inmates successfully reenter society. 
opportunity that comes on the heels of the President’s New Jersey visit, a visit where he toured a drug treatment center called the Integrity House, and recognized its work in helping former inmates secure housing, jobs, and skills needed to transition to life outside of prison. I have a place like that in Illinois called the Safer Foundation that does much of the same work. 
a role to play in criminal justice reform and reintegrating those who have served time in prison back into society. From businesses that are hiring exoffenders to philanthropies that are supporting education and training programs, we have to get to work getting exoffenders back on their feet so they can help build up their communities. 
have the astuteness and manpower in its ranks to recognize that we must do more, that it will take a village, and it takes real leadership to improve the plight of America’s communities. This means we need jobs legislation that offers opportunity. This means we need safe streets free of violence. This means we need community policing that brings us peace of mind and comfort. 
about communities to say that, as a representative of the Chicagoland area and as a cochair of the House Gun Violence Prevention Task Force, Congress must get over its fear of talking about violence in America. We have to do more than hold moments of silence when tragedies occur. We have to stop being silent and start acting. We don’t have to be enemies on this subject. 
violence in our communities are real. It is how we respond to the problems that exist in these areas that will show our strength as a country. Right now, the tragic occurrences that exist with respect to these issues only serve as barriers to our growth as a nation. 
When I talk about gun violence, I always start out by reminding folks of a few things. 
gun violence isn’t just an urban problem; it is an American problem. In the last 50 years, more than 1 million people have been killed by guns in America. 
from gunfire than died in all the wars of this country’s history. 
more likely to be killed by a gun than a young White man, and 13 times more than an Asian American man. 
If a Black person is killed by a gun, 
it is judged a homicide 82 percent of the time. 
And keep in mind, from metal detectors in buildings to shooting safety drills at schools and movie theaters, gun violence has affected all of our communities, not only in terms of how we live, but whether we live at all. 
this death and tragedy, this Congress can’t even put a background check bill on the House floor, even with an NRA membership that is in 80 percent agreement that we need expanded background checks. Last Congress, even with about 190 cosponsors, the bill never came to the floor. 
When I talk about saving our communities and discussing the actions of the police, I often remind people of this: the police are not our enemy. I won’t ever say that because that simply is not the case. 
need the support of families, leaders, and our local law enforcement. I come 
from a family of law enforcement officers and know that our police ranks are filled with brave, wellintentioned, civicminded heroes. Sadly, too many in the Black community don’t have the same family experience that I have had with law enforcement and fear the police. I have a 31yearold son, and even though the same police are in his family, he hasn’t had the same experiences. 
too many police officers who harbor a level of fear when it comes to dealing with the Black community. 
aftermath of a few highprofile police events. I will repeat what I often say: we must hold our law enforcement officials to the highest professional standards and provide them with the training they need to effectively police diverse communities. This training must address the biases and stereotypes that influence decisions in the field and that create obstacles to mutual understanding. In working to achieve that understanding, we can strive toward a justice system that treats all Americans fairly and values all American lives equally. 
Before I end, I just want to give my 
colleague the opportunity to share a few more words. 
I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Illinois for all of her strong work 
in criminal justice. She has been fighting since she first got here. That is certainly appreciated and has made quite 
As you have indicated, this is a moment when adversarial groups and Members of Congress, liberal and conservative, have come to a consensus that we need to reform the criminal justice system. The Safe Justice Act that I mentioned is led by JIMSENSEN BRENNER from Wisconsin, a Republican, 
and has Republican and Democratic support. There are bills in the House and the Senate with bipartisan support. If we are going to have this moment where everyone is in agreement, we need to make sure that we do everything we possibly can. 
I thank you for organizing this Special Order so that we can make criminal justice reform a reality. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you. I thank my colleagues for lending 
their voices for this important conversation about saving our communities, and I will be submitting some other work from other colleagues not here tonight. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with 
my colleagues from the Congressional Black Caucus because last week our nation was reminded, yet again, Black lives have no value. But this time, the reminder was different. 
It did not come from law enforcement in response to a shooting, traffic stop, or 911 call. Nor did it come from inside a jail cell or a court room. This time, the reminder came from the use of excessive force in a place where most of us would expect it never to happen: our schools. 
Schools should be safe havens for our nation’s children. Unfortunately, actions of Spring Valley school resource officer, Ben Fields, caught on video have proven that they are not. Instead of preparing young minds across the country to tackle our nation’s most complex issues, some of our schools are fostering fear and mistrust. 
have told me. On October 16, I held a listening session with more than 400 high school students from Northeast Ohio. 
I was surprised to hear that nearly all of 
them felt there was no one they could talk to—in their schools or communities—if they felt unsafe. Today, I am not so shocked. With incidents like the one captured in the Spring Valley video, who could blame them? 
our youth? Are they to think this behavior is acceptable and that they matter less, if at all? 
youth and young adults is already a growing issue in our communities. The number of AfricanAmerican men in jail continues to rise. AfricanAmerican and Latino boys and men tend to receive harsher sentences than their peers of other races. 
strong as ever, with our AfricanAmerican students suspended at three times the rate of their White peers. In this case, criminal charges were even filed against the young Spring Valley female student after she was subjected to egregious force by a ‘‘resource officer.’’ As a nation, we must stop this vicious cycle. 
It is time to change the narrative and save our communities for generations to come. 
I call on my colleagues in Congress to work 
together to pass policies that tell our children their lives have value. We must pass criminal justice reform and support policies that create a safe, nurturing environment in our schools. The future of our communities depends on it. 
you know, the promotion of best practices and oversight of state and local law enforcement have been legislative priorities during my tenure as a Judiciary Committee member. My Pattern And Practice statute, passed as part of the 1994 crime bill, has served at the dominant tool used by the Department of Justice to address the myriad of policing controversies dating back the LAPD, New Orleans and most recently Seattle, Cleveland and Ferguson, Missouri police departments. 
Over the past two decades, tensions between police and communities of color have grown as allegations of biasbased policing by law enforcement agents, sometimes supported by data collection efforts and video evidence, have increased in number and frequency. 
Missouri demonstrate that racial profiling and biasbased policing remain divisive issues in communities across the nation that strikes at the very foundation of our democracy. 
a traffic stop—Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Antonio ZambranoMontes—all at the hands of police officers—highlight the links between the issues of race and reasonable suspicion of criminal conduct. Ultimately, these men are tragic examples of the risk of being victimized by a perception of criminality simply because of their race, ethnicity, religion or national origin. 
Despite the fact that the majority of law enforcement officers perform their duties professionally and without bias, the relationship between the police and some of minority communities has deteriorated to such a degree that federal action is required to begin addressing the issue. With recent Washington Post reports of almost 400 policeinvolved shooting fatalities in the first five months of 2015, all should agree that the time for bipartisan action is long overdue. 
In 2001, I welcomed President Bush’s invitation to draft legislation that would end the practice of unlawful police profiling, with bipartisan Congressional support. In April, I reintroduced the End Racial Profiling Act in the hope that Congress and the Obama Administration can come together to pass legislation that sends the signal that the Federal government is committed to ensuring that its law enforcement agencies conduct their activities free from bias. 
am former Chairman and current Ranking Member, held a hearing on Police accountability, where we heard from expert witnesses on police practices and discussed policy options to restoring the relationship between the police and communities of color. 
In June, I followed up on this effort to address fair policing practices by reintroducing the Law enforcement Trust and Integrity Act. That bill is designed to provide incentives for local police organizations to voluntarily adopt performancebased standards to ensure that incidents of deadly force or misconduct will be 
and training protocols and properly investigated, should they occur. 
The bill authorizes the Department of Justice to work cooperatively with independent accreditation, law enforcement and communitybased organizations to further develop and refine accreditation standards, and further authorizes the Attorney General to make grants to law enforcement agencies for the purpose of obtaining accreditation from certified law enforcement accreditation organizations. 
minimum standards for operating a law enforcement agency. The ad hoc nature of police management has accordingly left many officers and agencies in the dark about how to cope with changes in their communities. That is the real reason police officers and department feel so adrift in the current postFerguson environment—not the Black Lives Matter Movement. There is a vacuum of leadership in policing that can only be filled by leadership at the federal level. 
Beyond the human toll created by law enforcement accountability issues, there remains the fiscal impact created by the high cost of litigation settlements for police abuse claims. While most cities fail to systematically track the cost of litigation, the cost reports for major cities have proven staggering. In New York City alone, during Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s three term tenure, NYPD payouts were in excess of $1 billion dollars for policing claims. For small departments, the cost of a single high profile incident could prove crippling in its impact on public safety. 
range of criminal and civil authority to address policing issues, the Civil Rights Division will never have the resources necessary to investigate more than a small fraction of those departments engaged in unconstitutional conduct, even with the enhanced funding and task force authority granted by this legislation. 
Through the support of a robust accreditation regime, like that existing in healthcare, Congress can ensure that all communities have the best trained and managed police departments. Only by establishing acceptable police operations standards can we begin to preemptively address issues like use of force and heal the rifts within our communities. 
Media reports from Baltimore and other cities depicting confrontations between protestors and their police departments illustrate the current divide between law enforcement and the communities they police. In the past years, cities from New York to Cincinnati and Miami to Los Angeles have experienced unrest following controversial use of force incidents by their police. Absent a climate of trust and accountability, community needs are not served and the jobs of the police officers become more difficult and dangerous. 
The energies of Congress should be focused on the adoption of legislative priorities that address the substance of law enforcement management and strengthen the current battery of tools available to sanction misconduct. As a Congress we have been enthusiastic about supporting programs designed to get officers on the street. We must be just as willing to support programs designed to train and manage them after they get there. The current national climate requires decisive action to implement solutions. Out of respect for all who have lost their lives over the last nine months—both law enforcement and civilian—I hope you will join me in supporting legislation that initiates the reforms necessary to restore public trust and accountability to law enforcement. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleagues in speaking on the critically important issue of criminaljustice reform. 
Spring Valley High School in Columbia, South Carolina was violently arrested by the school’s resource officer. This is a disturbing example of a law enforcement officer using excessive force when interacting with a person of color and a perfect illustration of an alarming trend in our schools. We need to have a substantive dialogue around how to empower administrators, teachers, and staff to deal with school disciplinary issues so that students aren’t being criminalized for behavioral issues. 
black females enrolled in New York City and Boston schools are disciplined 10.5 times more on average than their white counterparts. 
African Americans seem to face undue scrutiny by police officers throughout our communities. Black Americans are more than twice as likely to be unarmed when killed during encounters with police when compared to Caucasians. States and Congress must set higher standards for the use of deadly force and must hold police officers accountable if they violate these standards. This is the first of many steps to begin the process of mending the delicate relationship between law enforcement and people of color. 
looking at the composition of the U.S. prison population. The Coalition for Public Safety argues that more than 60 percent of our prison population is composed of racial and ethnic minorities. That is why I have supported H.R. 3713, a comprehensive sentencing reform effort with bipartisan support that aims to overhaul the current system which disproportionately affects minorities. 
I strongly believe that addressing the disparate treatment of people of color at the hands of police is a fundamental step toward creating an equitable society. As one of the first black women to be publically elected from Dallas, I spent my entire career championing equity for communities of color and fighting on behalf of African Americans for social justice. It is clear that there are fundamental problems in police and justice systems across the nation that needs to be addressed. As a former Chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus, these issues are of the utmost importance to me and I am personally committed to finding long term solutions. 
We must act now to remedy the culture and 
system of violence against people of color. Our nation has endured this disparity for far too long and I encourage my colleagues to not only speak out on this issue, but also take swift and immediate action. LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today and November 3 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1731. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to waive the minimum period of continuous active duty in the Armed Forces for receipt of certain benefits for homeless veterans, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish such benefits to homeless veterans with discharges or releases from service in the Armed Forces with other than dishonorable conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. MESSER , on 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, and for other purposes. 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of taxexempt status of certain organizations. 
reported that on October 29, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 3819. To provide an extension of Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, November 3, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the third quarter 
of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO GERMANY, EGYPT, AND GREECE, EXPENDED BETWEEN SEPT. 19 AND SEP T. 23, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDE D BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Oct. 20, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 3332. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Rimsulfuron; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20130035; FRL991231] received October 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 
3333. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Nicosulfuron; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20130034; FRL991240] 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Visas: Interview Waiver Authority (RIN: 
3353. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting agreements prepared by the Department of State concerning international agreements, other than treaties entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixtyday period specified in the CaseZablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
(Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1575. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the pilot program on counseling in retreat settings for women veterans newly separated from service in the Armed Forces (Rept. 114–319). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3144. A bill to require consultation with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee regarding modifications to the prohibited item list, require a report on the Transportation Security Oversight Board, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–320). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3361. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–321). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3503. A bill to require an assessment of fusion center personnel needs, and 
for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–322). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3505. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to improve the management and administration of the security clearance processes throughout the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–323). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3598. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance the partnership between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fusion Centers, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–324). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 507. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; providing for proceedings during the period from November 6, 2015; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–325). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Company Act of 1940 to remove certain restrictions on the ability of business development companies to own securities of investment advisers and certain financial companies, to change certain requirements relating to the capital structure of business development companies, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise certain rules relating to business development companies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Security Act of 2002 to require State and local coordination on cybersecurity with the national cybersecurity and communications integration center, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 3870. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radiation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of serviceconnection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3871. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to regulate the use of cellsite simulators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 authorize public safety and community policing grants to be used to make grants to institutions of higher education, with priority given to Predominantly Black Institutions and other similar institutions, to support majors related to criminal justice, for the purpose of increasing the racial diversity of law enforcement agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3873. A bill to require the Secretary of 
State to produce a comprehensive strategy relating to United States international policy with regard to cyberspace, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 3874. A bill to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to require reports on the Rewards for Justice program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Department of Homeland Security a Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 3876. A bill to protect consumer privacy during the development and use of autonomous vehicle technologies; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3877. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, with respect to the territorial highway program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
information sharing and coordination at ports in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
MOULTON , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. E LLISON , Miss R ICE 
of New York, Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. T ED 
sense of the House of Representatives that the President of the United States should use the full authority of his office to convene international negotiations intended to stop the civil war in Syria; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
for the efforts of the Republic of Turkey, the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, and the Lebanese Republic to provide housing, educational opportunities, health care, and other forms of humanitarian assistance to individuals and families displaced by the conflict in Syria; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3868. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 3869. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3871. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3, and 
the 4th and 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 3872. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress shall have Power To . . . provide for the common Defen[s]e and general Welfare of the United States[.]’’) (This bill would amend the COPS program at the Department of Justice to include institutions of higher education as eligible COPS grants recipients, with priority given to minority serving institutions, to fund criminal justice related majors to improve and diversify candidates entering police forces—advancing and promoting the nation’s common defense and general welfare by increasing racially diversity in police forces, and thereby reducing incidents of police brutality). 
H.R. 3873. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3874. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3875. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3876. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3877. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to laying and collecting taxes, and providing for the general welfare of the United States), and Clause 7 (related to establishment of Post Offices and Post Roads). 
H.R. 3878. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 67: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 73: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Mr. J OHNSON  
H.R. 188: Mr. J EFFRIES and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 224: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CNERNEY , 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. S CHIFF , Miss 
RICEof New York, Ms. B ASS, Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. K USTER , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 228: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 592: Mr. T AKAI, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. K APTUR , and Ms. 
H.R. 711: Mr. B ARR, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Mr. 
H.R. 775: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. H INOJOSA , and 
H.R. 793: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 814: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 868: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and Ms. 
DUCKWORTH . H.R. 870: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 887: Mr. S MITH of Missouri and Mr. 
H.R. 921: Mr. W ILLIAMS and Mr. C URBELO of 
H.R. 969: Mr. H URT of Virginia and Mr. 
H.R. 970: Mr. W OMACK and Mr. T OMPRICE of 
H.R. 973: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. T HOMPSON  
H.R. 1102: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ONYERS , and 
H.R. 1258: Mr. L EVIN, Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. 
H.R. 1336: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. G RAVES of 
PAULSEN , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1545: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 1550: Mr. R OYCE , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 1728: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 1751: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
H.R. 1769: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. B RADY of 
H.R. 1786: Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. 
H.R. 1853: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Ms. W ILSON of 
KINGof Iowa, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
H.R. 1854: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2224: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 2293: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. B UCK, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2470: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2494: Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
H.R. 2530: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
H.R. 2711: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 2712: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. D UNCANof South Carolina. 
H.R. 2715: Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
H.R. 2847: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Miss R ICEof New 
H.R. 2849: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Mr. 
H.R. 2858: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. B EN 
H.R. 2867: Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
CLAY, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. R USH, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
H.R. 2880: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Miss R ICE 
of New York, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and 
H.R. 2896: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Mr. S TIVERS. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. H URD 
H.R. 2911: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
H.R. 2920: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 2944: Mr. M ASSIE and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2972: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. 
H.R. 2994: Ms. E SHOO and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 3046: Mr. H ONDA and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. L ANCE and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 3229: Ms. D ELAURO and Ms. B ROWN of 
H.R. 3290: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. G IBBS and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 3316: Mr. G RAYSON , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. T ED 
H.R. 3326: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. R OUZER . 
Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 3340: Mr. F INCHER , Mr. M ESSER , and 
H.R. 3355: Mr. C OHEN and Ms. M ICHELLE  
H.R. 3381: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. F ATTAH , and Ms. 
H.R. 3426: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 3427: Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
H.R. 3455: Mrs. L OWEY and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 3466: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3471: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mrs. B ROOKS of 
H.R. 3488: Mr. F ORBES and Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 3497: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 3514: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. B URGESS , and 
H.R. 3518: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3546: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
H.R. 3556: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3557: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota and Mr. 
H.R. 3608: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 3632: Mrs. C APPS and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3634: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. C OHEN . 
LOWEY , Mr. K EATING , Mr. S MITH of Washington and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 3700: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 3705: Mr. B ARRand Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 3706: Ms. D ELBENEand Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 3721: Mr. O’R OURKE and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3742: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G RIFFITH , and 
H.R. 3756: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Ms. 
H.R. 3761: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. K ILDEE , 
Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 3785: Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , 
and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 3793: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 3799: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
H.R. 3805: Mr. T ONKO and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 3832: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
H.R. 3834: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. M OORE , 
H.R. 3849: Ms. K USTER , Ms. H AHN, and Ms. 
BORDALLO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. K EATING , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. J UDY 
H.J. Res. 71: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , 
Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. 
H.J. Res. 72: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , 
Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. 
H. Res. 32: Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H. Res. 145: Ms. M OORE and Mr. H ONDA . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. K LINE, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C ALVERT , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  
of New York, Mr. D OLD, and Mr. N ADLER . 
H. Res. 451: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. S ALMON. 
H. Res. 467: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
ESHOO , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H. Res. 502: Mr. B EYER , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. M OULTON . 
H. Res. 506: Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. N OLAN , and 
2015 the House of Representatives considered H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Protection Act. This legislation prohibits the Department of Labor (the Department) from issuing updated retirement investment advice rules until the Securities and Exchange Commission completes its rule governing standards of conduct for brokers and dealers. 
In light of the ongoing rulemaking at the Department and the fact that this legislation does not address any of my concerns regarding the Department’s proposed rule, I oppose this bill. 
by the multiple unanswered questions related to the proposed rule and the potential impact the rule will have on the affordability and accessibility of financial information for investors. 
may be practical problems for providers to implement the Best Interest Contract Exemption as proposed. The Department should implement the exemption using a less prescriptive and more principlesbased approach. 
the proposed rule would have on consumers’ access to important retirement education information. The Department should maintain flexibility for advisors to provide investment education, and take steps to clarify that the proposed rule does not disadvantage lifetime income options. 
and the many outstanding questions regarding a final rule, the Department should consider options for convening a small working group of industry professionals and consumer advocates to aid with implementation, and provide a safe harbor for ‘‘good faith implementation.’’ 
rule, it is vital that the proposal does not limit consumer choice and access to advice, disproportionately impact lower or middleincome communities, or raise the costs of saving for retirement. 
in sending a letter to the Department expressing concerns with specific provisions of the proposed rule that may cause market disruptions and limit the ability of segments of the market to reasonably access advice. 
Unfortunately, H.R. 1090 is neither constructive nor relevant at this time, which is why I will vote against this bill. I will continue to work in a bipartisan way with my colleagues on the House Financial Services Committee and House Education and the Workforce Committee to address the many concerns that remain with this proposed rule. HONORING THE 50TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY OF JOHN AND CONNIE RUMBAUGH 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, today, I recognize and congratulate two of my constituents, John and Connie Rumbaugh, who this past Friday celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary. 
Bassett, Nebraska and Connie from Hinton, Iowa. John served in the Army, including in Korea following the war, and later worked for Boeing in Seattle before moving to Omaha in 1958. Connie came to Omaha in 1960 to attend business school. They met in 1962, and three years later—or 50 years ago Friday— they married. 
The next year they built their own home as 
part of the burgeoning west Omaha development of the times, and as newlyweds moved into the home in Millard where they still live today. In that home, they raised three children, Marti, Tracy and Kevin. 
I want to honor today their great accomplishment together, which to me represents one of the best qualities of the people I represent here in Congress. 
honor the 20th anniversary of the Eureka Main Library in Humboldt, which is a community centerpiece for learning. 
Senator Barry Keene sponsored the Construction and Renovation Bond Act, which approved $75 million for library construction in the state. Between 1988 and 1991, the Library Construction Committee and the Friends of the Redwood Libraries raised more than $1.5 million locally to match state funds. 
pledged funds in 1989 toward funding of a new library. In 1991, Humboldt County’s project was one of only 16 grant applications chosen by the state for approval. From the bond act, the county received 65 percent of the funds needed to construct the Eureka Main Library. In September 2013, groundbreaking ceremonies were held for the Eureka Main Library at 1313 Third Street in Eureka. 
The Library Construction Advisory Committee has demonstrated to all Californians its dedication, perseverance and commitment to the greater good of the community. I urge my colleagues to join me in acknowledging and 
celebrating the 20th anniversary of the Eureka Main Library’s construction. 
28, 2015, I was absent from the House and missed Roll Call Vote 577 and Roll Call Vote 578. 
Had I been present for Roll Call Vote 577, 
on ordering the previous question, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ 
Had I been present for Roll Call Vote 578, 
on agreeing to the resolution, H. Res. 495, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ 
against H.R. 1090, which would gravely slow development of new rules designed to better protect individual investors. 
While I have been sympathetic to some industry concerns—in particular expressing an interest in further refinements with regard to exemptions relating to Best Interest Contracts, education, and lifetime income options—I have also made clear my strong support for rules barring the provision of advice subject to real or potential conflicts of interest. The Department of Labor has demonstrated an attempt to put forth a balanced rule that accommodates concerns from industry with protections for individual investors. The bill I will vote against, however, would bury this effort behind years of tertiary regulatory and congressional action. 
save more for their retirement. As savings policies have evolved to place the decision making burden on the individual, our rules must be updated to ensure that information is adequately shared and presented. Under the present system, estimates of value lost to these investors as a result of conflicted advice are unconscionably high. While the proposed federal rule is not perfect, it marks an important step forward and I look forward to working with the administration to continue to improve their effort. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate 200 years of the Connecticut Business and Industry Association (CBIA). 
advocate for businesses in Connecticut. For two hundred years, CBIA has tirelessly worked to promote policies and provide services to support businesses—both large and small—in our state. Today, CBIA continues to act as a strong advocate for local businesses in the 5th Congressional District and throughout Connecticut. 
skilled workforce, a strong tradition of manufacturing, and good oldfashioned Yankee ingenuity. These qualities make Connecticut an ideal place for innovation and entrepreneurship. 
1988 as a staff attorney. Since 2014, he has led the organization as its President and CEO. Throughout his time at CBIA, he has maintained his focus on CBIA members, and he continues to strive to promote a sound business environment and improve workforce readiness in Connecticut. 
of Directors, staff, and members of the Connecticut Business and Industry Association on the organization’s 200th anniversary. I look forward to many more years of your continued dedication to our state. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MICHIGAN ADVOCACY PROGRAM 
congratulate the Michigan Advocacy Program on their 50th anniversary. 
Since 1965, the Michigan Advocacy Program has worked to make legal representation and aid accessible to low income individuals across Michigan. Every single day they are fighting to keep people in their homes, pushing back against unfair workforce practices, and working to ensure the safety for women and children across the state of Michigan. Each year they provide free representation for over ten thousand low income individuals that would not otherwise have been able to afford a lawyer and could have been denied access to the courts. 
Michigan Advocacy Program has given a voice to low income families by providing free civil legal representation. Over the past 50 years, we have had the pleasure of watching the Michigan Advocacy Program grow from the Legal Services of South Central Michigan into a flourishing organization that works to support families across the state of Michigan. 
the judicial system is a key tenet of our democracy. Courts and the legal system should 
not be reserved only for those who have the most resources. The Michigan Advocacy Program has helped promote fairness and equality in our society by increasing access to legal aid and representation to low income individuals across Michigan. They have an incredibly successful track record and years of hard work is certainly worthy of our praise. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to honor the Michigan Advocacy Program on their 50th Anniversary and wish them many more years of success. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with sincere admiration that I recognize the Asian American Medical Association, which will host its 39th Annual Gala on Saturday, November 14, 2015, at Avalon Manor in Hobart, Indiana. Each year, the Asian American Medical Association pays tribute to prominent, outstanding citizens and organizations for their contributions to the community. In recognition of their efforts, these honorees are awarded the prestigious Crystal Globe Award. 
has been a tremendous asset to Northwest Indiana. Its members have selflessly dedicated themselves to providing quality medical services to the residents of Northwest Indiana and have served their communities through many cultural, scholastic, and charitable endeavors. 
At this year’s Annual Gala, the Asian American Medical Association will present the Crystal Globe Award to one of Northwest Indiana’s finest citizens and my dear friend, David Bochnowski. Dave serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Northwest Indiana Bancorp, and its operating subsidiary, Peoples Bank. For his exceptional leadership and his outstanding contributions to his country, state, and community, he is worthy of the highest praise. 
degrees from Georgetown University and earned a master’s degree from Howard University. Additionally, he is a Vietnam veteran and earned the Bronze Star during his time of service to our country. Prior to his banking career, Dave served as a Special Assistant to Senator Birch Bayh and was a law clerk for United States District Court Judge James Noland. 
Bochnowski has been a leader in state and national banking associations, testifying before Congress, the Federal Reserve, and the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) on issues related to banking and small business. Since 1981, Dave has been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Northwest Indiana Bancorp and Peoples Bank, which is headquartered in Munster, Indiana, and operates sixteen locations throughout Lake and Porter counties. Under Dave’s leadership, Peoples Bank continues to provide exceptional customer service, following the same principles his grandfather implemented when he founded the bank in 1910. Peoples Bank has consistently thrived and has been listed among the top 200 community banks in America by US Banker magazine, from 2007 through 2015, based on a key banking industry performance indicator. 
served his community through his involvement in various organizations and civic activities, including the Legacy Foundation, Quality of Life Council, Purdue University Technology Center, Gary YWCA, and the Community Hospital System. He also serves as a member of One Region and the SEC Advisory Committee for Small and Emerging Companies and is a past board member of the Gary/Chicago International Airport Authority. Due to his outstanding leadership and dedication to his community, in 2001, Dave was appointed Chairman of the Indiana Department of Financial Institutions by Governor Frank O’Bannon. In addition, he has been inducted into the Northwest Indiana Business and Industry Hall of Fame and is a recipient of the Sagamore of the Wabash, Indiana’s highest citizen award. 
Dave’s excellence in his field and commitment to charitable endeavors throughout the community is exceeded only by his devotion to his amazing family. Dave and his wife, Ann, have four beloved children: Benjamin, Julia, James, and John. 
a strong man to be a gentleman. David Bochnowski is that gentleman. A gentleman whose strength of character, wish to leave the world improved, and sense of service, are traits we should all attempt to emulate. I’ve been blessed to have Dave as a friend, but we have all been blessed to know him. To quote Homer: ‘‘He [is] a friend to man.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other 
distinguished colleagues join me in commending the members of the Asian American Medical Association, as well as this year’s Crystal Globe Award recipient, David Bochnowski, for their outstanding contributions to their community and beyond. Their unwavering commitment to improving the quality of life for the people of Northwest Indiana is truly inspirational, and I am proud to serve as their representative in Washington, D.C. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 
service of a very distinguished Kentuckian, Major General Edward Tonini. He currently serves the Commonwealth as the 51st Adjutant General and retires in 2015. 
General Tonini’s career began as an enlisted member of the 123rd Tactical Reconnaissance Wing of the Kentucky Air National Guard. He received a direct commission as a Second Lieutenant in the Guard in 1970. He earned many awards and decorations for his service in the Air National Guard, including the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, Meritorious Service Medal (with 1 Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), and an Air Force Commendation Medal. He rose through the ranks to become Chief of Staff of the Kentucky Air National Guard. In 2001, he went on 
Freedom at the Pentagon and later served at the Air Force Personnel Center in Denver, Colorado. 
Beshear as Adjutant General of the Commonwealth of Kentucky on December 11, 2007. As the Adjutant General, he serves as the Commanding General of both the Kentucky Army and Air National Guard and as the Executive Director of the Department of Military Affairs. He is responsible for Federal and State missions, including responding in times of emergency. He serves on the Governor’s cabinet and is the Governor’s advisor on all military matters. 
General Tonini has served the Commonwealth of Kentucky and this nation with honor. He is to be commended on his long and distinguished military career and his life of service and sacrifice. Major General Edward Tonini is an outstanding American, a true patriot, and a hero to us all. Along with a grateful nation, I honor him for his service. 
with profound sadness that I rise to honor the life and legacy of Northwest Florida’s beloved Dave Daughtry. For over thirty years, Dave dedicated his broadcasting career to serving the people of the Gulf Coast community, and Northwest Florida mourns his passing. 
From what began at a small radio station in 
Andalusia, Alabama, Dave’s successful broadcasting career and love of writing would take him to Huntsville, Alabama; Nashville, Knoxville, and Memphis, Tennessee; and Washington, D.C. before making his way to Pensacola, Florida—a community that would welcome him with open arms, and remain his home until his passing. 
the local television airwaves as news anchor at WEAR–TV in Pensacola and then as reporteranchor with WALA–TV in Mobile, Alabama. According to Denise, his bride of 26 years, radio was what he loved most, however, and it is radio where he dedicated his career for the last 14 years of his life. This love was demonstrated by the fact that he would arrive at 5 a.m. every morning to host the WEBY–AM morning show, ‘‘Wake up with Dave.’’ 
To many, Dave will be remembered and appreciated for his company and entertainment on their morning commute; however, to those closest to him, including his dogs Peaches and Pal, Dave will be remembered as a loving husband, father, and grandfather and will greatly be missed. 
Florida’s First Congressional District, I am proud to honor and commemorate the life and legacy of Dave Daughtry. Vicki and I offer his entire family, especially his wife, Denise; children, Bonnie, Michael, and Patrick; seven grandchildren, Lindsey, Shannon, Evan, Patrick, Amanda, Shelby, and Benjamin; and the entire Daughtry family our deepest condolences and prayers. May God continue to bless them all during this difficult time. 
rise to salute my constituent, Thomas E. Harr, as he steps down as Executive Director of Family Services, Inc. 
which is based in Gaithersburg, Maryland, has developed into an agency that cares for vulnerable clients from cradle to grave, becoming, in essence, a caring, secondary family— giving true meaning to the organization’s name. FSI provides highquality service to foster health and wellbeing in the home, school and community as it serves more than 25,000 residents in Montgomery and Prince George’s Counties. Mr. Harr has overseen this organization through a period of extraordinary growth, enabling the organization to be an effective safety net for the most vulnerable members of our community. 
his tireless efforts to make Family Services treat the ‘‘whole’’ person throughout their entire lifespan. His vision encompasses a holistic philosophy of human services. Long an opponent of fragmented silos of care and the lack of coordination between them, he encouraged his mental health clinic to integrate mental health, substance abuse and primary care services, including the treatment and management of cooccurring conditions. He spearheaded the partnership of his organization 
with a primary care provider and a reproductive health specialty clinic to address the then unappreciated somatic consequences of having a mental illness. He reached out to another historic provider, GUIDE, which later merged with Family Services and brought with it an impressive array of youth services. The Family Services of today encompasses 31 programs and touches every sector of vulnerable residents in Montgomery County. Its excellence has recently been recognized by its receiving the first CARF accreditation in the County. 
the addition of a new child development center in 2000, an outpatient mental health clinic in 2001, a family multiservice center in 2002, and a hospital neonatal screening program in 2004, to name a few major projects. In addition, Mr. Harr oversaw the doubling of the agency’s Head Start program, the opening of an additional child care center in another region of the County, and the creation of one of the County’s first integrated care clinics. 
the needs of our vulnerable elderly population. Under his leadership, FSI opened a medical day program, an outpatient substance abuse clinic, an adolescent recovery club house, expansion of the adult psychiatric day program, and a school mental health and social service program. And, finally, he facilitated FSI’s assuming a major role in the County’s implementation of the Affordable Care Act, accepting a contract to run our region’s health insurance navigator program. Prior to joining FSI, Mr. Harr served as the 
Chief of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services in Montgomery County’s Department of Health and Human Services and Deputy Director of the Department of Addiction, Victim and Mental Health Services. Mr. Harr also had distinguished service in the United States Air Force. 
and exceptional leader whose pioneering spirit, passion and drive led him to fight for those who are unable to fight for themselves. His influence in our region is profound. I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing our deepest gratitude and appreciation to him for his outstanding service to our community. He has truly made a difference in the lives of countless individuals and families, and his impact will be felt, with grateful appreciation, for many years to come. 
celebrate Sugar Land Middle School in my hometown of Sugar Land, Texas on its 40th anniversary. 
learning, and helping our children succeed. A lot has changed since this school opened its doors in 1975 but one thing has remained the same—Sugar Land Middle School’s commitment to excellence. It has remained a great place for our future leaders to learn and grow. Thank you to the many teachers and faculty members who’ve worked so hard to make SLMS great throughout the years. Without a dedicated team, our Sugar Land Titans wouldn’t be thriving like they are today. 
On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations to Sugar Land Middle School on 40 successful years of educating our leaders of tomorrow. 
recognize Edmond Sarfaty, a dear friend who served with my late father Bernard Deutch during World War II. Their 84th Infantry Division fought valiantly at the Battle of the Bulge, where Mr. Sarfaty was wounded three times. 
I am privileged to represent a district that is 
home to a large number of World War II veterans, veterans to whom I am tremendously grateful for their heroic service. The legacy of service and selfsacrifice from this generation of Americans, exemplified by Mr. Sarfaty and so many others, is humbling. Our country owes all servicemembers an enormous debt of gratitude. It is also vital that we recognize and remember the outstanding sacrifices of their families. Their invaluable support is a gift to our Nation, and one that is too often overlooked. 
Throughout his life, Ed Sarfaty has been defined by his dedication, willingness to serve, and patriotism. From his military service during World War II to his endless community involvement in Florida today, Mr. Sarfaty has exemplified selflessness and patriotism. I am grateful for the continued friendship of Ed and his wife, Sydelle. I am proud to join the Lake Worth West Democratic Club in honoring Mr. Sarfaty and in thanking him and all those who gave so much to ensure our freedom. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the extraordinary life and service of Ms. Teola Sanders, and I commend her fifty years of impassioned leadership and unyielding volunteerism to the East Bay community. Ms. Sanders’ dedication to Bay Area women’s rights, horticulture, arts and humanities, reflects the lasting legacy of her service. 
Ms. Sanders was born in Mansfield, Louisiana in 1931 and was the oldest of four children. In 1938, the family relocated to Oakland, California. Ms. Sanders attended Oakland Public Schools and was a proud graduate of Oakland Technical High School. In 1951, she met Jeff Sanders and from this union three children were born: Tori, Andre, and Jay. 
courses before obtaining her Real Estate License. For 27 years, she worked for the Shorenstein Company (formerly Milton Meyer and Company), one of the country’s oldest and most respected real estate organizations. Her tremendous leadership led to her appointment as the company’s lead organizer for political and humanitarian events throughout the San Francisco Bay Area. 
Ms. Sanders was a founding member of Black Women Organized for Political Action (BWOPA). One of BWOPA’s first major successes was helping elect Ronald V. Dellums to the United States Congress in 1971. Ms. Sanders’ passion for political activism continued and she was appointed to serve on numerous boards, including the Commission of the Deputy Chief of Protocol by Oakland Mayor Elihu Harris, and the Horticultural Commission by Governor Jerry Brown. She was also the Founding President of Today’s Women, Inc., and a founding member of the Black Filmmakers Hall of Fame. 
Ms. Sanders’ life was dedicated to the service of others. She generously donated her time to the Oakland Museum, the Oakland Symphony, the African American Museum and Library Coalition, the American Red Cross and many other humanitarian organizations. 
a full life with no regrets. A loving mother, grandmother, greatgrandmother, and friend, Ms. Sanders will truly be missed. But we can rest assured knowing her lasting memory of love and wisdom will continue to guide all those who knew and loved her. Today, California’s 13th Congressional District salutes the legacy of Ms. Teola Sanders, and her contributions which have truly impacted countless lives throughout the Bay Area. I join all of Ms. Sanders’ loved ones in celebrating her incredible life and offer my most sincere condolences. 
recognize the service of Daniel R. Jensen. As president of DNC Parks & Resorts at Yosemite, Dan Jensen has been responsible for 
overseeing lodging, food service, retail, transportation and guest services for Yosemite’s 4+ million visitors each year. Representing the single largest concession contract in the National Park System, the Yosemite operation includes such diverse locations as The Ahwahnee and the High Sierra Camps, and activities from Nordic and downhill skiing at Badger Pass to interpretative services. 
Dan returned to Yosemite in 2006 after having worked for Yosemite Park & Curry Co. from 1979 to 1992. In addition to his 22 years of Yosemite experience, he has served as a consultant/owner engaged in development of themed concepts domestically and internationally. He also has an extensive career in theme parks, serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Universal Studios Japan. Prior to joining Universal Studios Japan, Dan served as Executive Vice President of Universal Orlando. 
Waterhouse, headquartered in Los Angeles, where he had a large number of Fortune 500 clients and spent part of his career in South Africa. Dan holds an MBA from UCLA and a BA in Economics from UC Riverside, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. 
He is on the Board of Trustees and the 
Council of the Yosemite Conservancy, president of the Yosemite/Mariposa Tourism Bureau, a member of the UC Merced Board of Trustees, an active supporter of NatureBridge and a frequent participant in board meetings and other activities and a member of numerous partner groups in support of Yosemite. 
raised in the central California town of Visalia. They have a lifelong attachment to Yosemite that they share with their two children, having raised them in Yosemite before moving to Orlando, FL in 1992. Dan’s enthusiasm for Yosemite has been a recurring theme throughout his career and his interest in park challenges insures an insightful and compassionate voice on issues affecting Yosemite’s visitors and the people who serve them. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Daniel R. Jensen in the celebration of his hard work and achievements. It is with great pride that I thank him for his service and lasting contributions to Yosemite National Park. HONORING THE LA VERNE/SAN 
today to salute the dedicated and selfless work of the distinguished La Verne/San Dimas Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 12034. VFW Post 12034, known as the ‘‘Band of Brothers,’’ provides Honor Guard service for Veterans Day, Memorial Day, Fourth of July, and other civic ceremonies in my district. 
Post 12034’s Honor Guard helps us to recognize and pay solemn tribute to our veterans by providing Honor Guard for over one hundred military funerals every year. VFW Post 12034’s Honor Guard has travelled thousands of miles to honor the sacrifice of servicemembers—men and women—who preserved the freedoms we too often take for granted. 
enduring service and sacrifice to honor a debt we can never fully repay, but a debt we must honor, these distinguished patriots have been recognized as an ‘‘AllState’’ and an ‘‘All American’’ Veterans of Foreign Wars Post. 
join me and the residents of the 32nd District of California in acknowledging and thanking VFW Post 12034 for their commitment to the values that drive our brave men and women in uniform—the noble values of honor, respect, courage, and selflessness. 
celebrate Missouri City Middle School, a great Texas school, on its 40th anniversary. 
learning, and helping our children succeed. A lot has changed since this school opened its doors in 1975 but one thing has remained the same—Missouri City Middle School’s commitment to excellence. It has remained a great place for our future leaders to learn and grow. Thank you to the many teachers and faculty members who’ve worked so hard to make MCMS great throughout the years. Without a dedicated team, our Missouri City Cougars wouldn’t be thriving like they are today. 
On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations to Missouri City Middle School on 40 successful years of educating our leaders of tomorrow. 
THE EXPORTIMPORT BANK REFORM AND REAUTHORIZATION ACT (H.R. 597) 
strong support of the ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act, and I applaud the triumph of democracy over ideology that it represents. 
been, about jobs. It’s about the ability of U.S. companies of all sizes to grow their business by exporting their products, and to compete on a level playing field with their foreign competitors in global markets—many of whom continue to receive export financing from any one of the 85 foreign export credit agencies still operating around the world. The only companies hurt by the far right’s crusade against the ExportImport Bank are our own companies, employing American workers, manufacturing products stamped ‘‘Made in the USA.’’ 
ExportImport Bank’s charter was allowed to expire—and it doesn’t make sense now. Which is why I am very pleased that a bipartisan majority in the House of Representatives is at long last saying ‘‘enough is enough.’’ I’m proud to be a part of that bipartisan majority, and I call on the Senate to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank without delay. 
IN HONOR OF NOWNYC’S 35TH ANNUAL SUSAN B. ANTHONY AWARDS 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the women who are receiving the 2015 Susan B. Anthony award from the New York City chapter of the National Organization for Women (NOWNYC) for their efforts in promoting equal rights for women. Each year, NOWNYC recognizes grassroots activists who have worked to improve the lives of women and girls in New York City. This year’s honorees are Kimberle ´ 
NYC strives to promote reproductive rights, empower women economically, and end the violence and discrimination that women face. The organization provides a myriad of resources for issues relating to housing, police misconduct, and childcustody. NOWNYC is a leading advocate of women’s rights and a force for justice. Among other things, their volunteers escort women to reproductive health clinics, advocate for legislation such as anti trafficking provisions and lead open discussions on the status of women in politics today. As the largest NOW chapter in the country, NOWNYC plays a fundamental role in shaping the local and national debate on women’s issues. 
groundbreaking reports on African American women and the unique struggles they face in 
America, has received national acclaim for the attention she draws to the challenges women of color face. Professor Crenshaw, a law professor at UCLA and Columbia, is a leading theorist on Black feminism and civil rights. An advocate for a genderinclusive approach to racial justice, she is also the cofounder and Executive Director of the African American Policy Forum, a gender and racial justice think tank. Professor Crenshaw is coauthor of the groundbreaking reports, Black Girls Matter: Pushed Out, Overpoliced and Underprotected, and Say Her Name: Resisting Police Brutality Against Black Women. 
women’s rights activist, Krystal C., is taking a stand against unfair wage practices by professional football teams. As a Jets cheerleader, she was paid just $150 per game and $100 per special event, and was not compensated for practice time, training camp and other appearances. Based on hours actually worked, she was receiving only $3.77 an hour, significantly below the state’s minimum wage. She was also required to incur outofpocket expenses for motivational gifts, uniform maintenance and hair straightening. Krystal filed a class action lawsuit against the Jets. 
Women and Justice Project (WJP), is committed to advocating on behalf of women who are imprisoned. WJP is dedicated to ending the mass incarceration of women. Before joining WJP, she managed the Correctional Association of New York’s Women in Prison Project for over a decade. As a leader on incarceration reform, Ms. KraftStolar spearheaded the very successful campaign to pass legislation ending the shackling of incarcerated women during childbirth. 
Gibbs, Ursulina Miranda, Tina Tinen, and Maria Ventura are being recognized for their efforts to end the inhumane practice of shackling incarcerated pregnant women in New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in honoring NOWNYC and the 2015 Susan B. Anthony Award recipients for their perseverance and advocacy in the fight to end injustice and ensure equality for women. 
honor the work and celebrate the achievements of United States Poet Laureate, Juan Felipe Herrera. Mr. Herrera is a California native and the first Latino in history to become a Poet Laureate. He took up his duties of Poet Laureate this fall by opening Hispanic Heritage Month at the Library of Congress with a reading of one of his works. 
21st Poet Laureate and joins a long line of distinguished poets who have served in the position, including the late Philip Levine who was a Fresno native and former professor at the California State University, Fresno. Mr. Herrera was previously appointed as California Poet Laureate by Governor Jerry Brown and 
farmworker parents, Mr. Herrera spent his early life living in tents and trailers with his family throughout the San Joaquin Valley and the Salinas Valley following the seasonal crops. His experience as a campesino has strongly influenced his works. Traveling from the San Joaquin Valley to San Diego’s Logan Heights and San Francisco’s Mission District gave him three distinct California experiences, which is where he draws his inspiration from. Growing up in the ’60s and attending college in the ’70s during the Chicano Movement inspired Mr. Herrera and his writing style, which fuses wideranging experimentalism with reflections on MexicanAmerican identity. 
School in 1967 and was one of the first waves of Latinos to receive the Educational Opportunity Program scholarship to attend the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). He received a Bachelor’s degree in Social Anthropology from UCLA, a Master’s degree in Social Anthropology from Stanford University, and a Master’s of Fine Arts degree at the University of Iowa Writer’s Workshop. He has worked as a poet for over 40 years throughout California at various colleges, universities, migrant camps, continuation high schools, juvenile halls, and prisons. 
from the Guggenheim Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts, two Latino Hall of Fame Poetry Awards, and a PEN Open Book Award. He has also received the PEN USA National Poetry Award, PEN Oakland Josephine Miles Award, two Ame ´ricas Awards, 
Independent Publisher Book Award, the Ezra Jack Keats Award, and fellowships from the Bread Loaf Writers’ Conference and the Stanford University Chicano Fellows. 
Herrera also served as Chancellor for the Academy of American Poets in 2011. He has served as the Chair of the Chicano and Latin American Studies Department at California State University, Fresno, and also held the Toma ´s Rivera Endowed Chair in the Creative 
Writing Department at the University of California, Riverside, where he taught until retiring in 2015. 
Since his retirement, Mr. Herrera has become a visiting professor in the Department of American Ethnic Studies at the University of WashingtonSeattle. He currently resides in Fresno, with his five children and his partner, fellow poet, and performance artist, Margarita Robles. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I 
ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me as we honor and celebrate 
Juan Felipe Herrera for his dedication to poetry, his community, and education. 
celebrate Quail Valley Elementary School in Missouri City, Texas on its 40th anniversary. 
learning, and helping our children succeed. A lot has changed since this school opened its doors in 1975 but one thing has remained the same—Quail Valley Elementary School’s commitment to excellence. It has remained a great place for our future leaders to learn and grow. Thank you to the many teachers and faculty members who’ve worked so hard to make QVE great throughout the years. Without a dedicated team, our Quail Valley Eagles wouldn’t be thriving like they are today. 
On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations to Quail Valley Elementary School on 40 successful years of educating our leaders of tomorrow. 
honor Mr. Connie English, Jr. for his service to the labor movement as the State Legislative Director for the International Association of Sheet Metal, Air, Rail and Transportation Workers (SMART) and Vice President of Texas AFL–CIO. Mr. English’s retirement comes after a thirtythree year tenure in organized labor. For the last three decades, Mr. English has dedicated his work to the labor movement, ensuring that railroad, bus, and transit workers’ needs are being recognized. 
movement, Mr. English has made a direct impact on his community through his numerous roles at SMART, formerly known as the United Transportation Union, and with the Texas AFL–CIO. Mr. English began his labor career in 1982, where he served as Legislative Representative from 1982–1999, Delegate from 1984–1994, Local Chairman from 1984–1996, Vice General from 1985–1996, Secretary to the UTU Texas Legislative Board from 1986– 1996, and Assistant State Legislative Director from 1996–1999. 
CIO, English continued to be a community leader as a member on the Bexar County Rail District Board. Mr. English is also a well known advocate for transportation workers, working to organize statewide support on legislative issues and fighting for working people against tough odds, by serving as a labor caucus leader on numerous Texas campaigns. Mr. English has been happily married to his wife, Donna, for fortynine years, and together they have two children, six grandchildren, and 
dedication and leadership within the public service community, this statement is submitted. 
recognition of October as National Down Syndrome Awareness Month. 
the abilities of the more than 400,000 Americans who have Down syndrome and raise awareness of their accomplishments. We also recognize the difficulties that their families often face and the many opportunities that exist to support them. 
more natural and societal challenges than others, including barriers in access to quality education. We, as Americans, have made great strides over the years in better understanding the difficulties these individuals, and their families, face. Given that 1 in every 691 babies in this country is born with Down syndrome, it is imperative we continue our efforts. 
country to improve the health and quality of life for people with Down syndrome, but I want to give special attention to the efforts of the Massachusetts Down Syndrome Congress. The MDSC is an organization I have had the honor and pleasure of working with in recent years, and can attest that it has worked tirelessly for over thirty years to improve the educational and employment opportunities for children and adults with Down syndrome. To this end, I want to highlight the MDSC’s annual Buddy Walk in Falmouth, which this past July brought people from all over the Commonwealth to advocate for heightened awareness, inclusion, and acceptance of people with Down syndrome. MDSC also held its annual National Buddy Walk on Washington, bringing over 150 people from more than 25 states together to Capitol Hill to advocate for legislation that positively impacts the lives of people with Down syndrome. 
me in continuing our efforts by recognizing October as National Down Syndrome Awareness Month. There is much work yet to be done. But, as our steadfast Massachusetts and national partners have demonstrated, together, we can make a difference for people with Down syndrome. 
pay tribute to the town of Kingston Springs on its 50th anniversary. In December of 1965, a group of residents 
sought to incorporate and form a new municipality for this tightknit community in Cheatham County, Tennessee. The original town serviced 290 residents with an annual budget of just over $2,000. The very first election produced the town’s first group of commissioners, Raymond Mays, John Frey and Terry Moore—who remained public servants in the community for decades to come. 
residents and is thriving. With a walkable and historic downtown, 173 acres of parks and trails, a vibrant business community, adventurous outdoor recreation and a highlyrated fire protection service, its charm and character appeal to both residents and the entire Middle Tennessee community. In fact, Kingston Springs was recently named one of the safest cities in Tennessee and one of the top Nashville suburbs. 
Kingston Springs. I congratulate the entire community on a successful 50 years, and wish them even more success to come. 
honor Paul Shinsky of Alvin, Texas for bravely serving the United States during World War II. 
Corps as a copilot of a B–17 in the 384th Bomber Group during World War II. During the war, Mr. Shinsky’s plane was taken down by German fire and he became a German prisoner of war. He says he survived his two years as a POW through God’s grace and praying the Rosary. Recently, members from the 384th BG NexGen’s veterans signing project came to Mr. Shinsky and asked him to sign a wing from an original B–17. This wing, with the signatures of Mr. Shinsky and other living members of the 384th Bomber Group, will be put in the Hill Aerospace Museum at Hill Air Force Base near Ogden, Utah. As a former Navy pilot, I am humbled by Paul’s noble service to our country. He truly embodies the Greatest Generation. 
On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas and all the brave men and women who have served our country, we thank Paul for his service. 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took office, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
added $7,525,713,063,472.61 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our nation, our economy, and our children could 
honor and pay tribute to a group of individuals—heroes—who are receiving the recognition and honor they deserve for their service to our country. Operation Recognition is operated by the Riverside County Office of Education with assistance from the Riverside County Department of Veterans’ Services. The program awards high school diplomas to veterans who missed completing high school due to military service in World War II, the Korean War, or the Vietnam War, or for those who were interned in WWII JapaneseAmerican relocation camps. 
A recognition ceremony will be held on November 10, 2015, for the following individuals who received their high school diplomas through Operation Recognition: 
David Beaudoin; Robert Michael Coe; Benjamin John Cusumano; Harvey Robert Harris; James Esco Lenon, Jr; Joe Pena, Jr; Juan Pena, Jr; Ruben Martinez Peters; Richard Rosenthal; Jacinto Reyes Salinas; Ralph Hamilton Wolfe, Jr. 
Our country owes a debt of gratitude to all 
the above recipients for their service and sacrifice. I salute all of these individuals and congratulate them on receiving their high school diploma. 
to honor eightyeight military veterans who reside in my Congressional District in Nassau County, Florida and recognize them with a special medal in honor of their military service and in gratitude of our country The veterans’ ceremony carries special significance as it falls during Northeast Florida’s Week of Valor and in light of the fact that brave American military members continue to serve across the globe. 
taken part in our Nation’s battles dating back to the SeminoleIndian Wars, Civil War, World War I and II, Korea, Vietnam and operations in the Middle East. These citizens have served with distinction and courage no matter their assignments. Each veteran accepted the call to serve and take his or her turn on the watch. The secret of our outstanding military is the citizens from communities, like Nassau County, stepping forward to serve. The faces of America’s military can be found right here in Bryceville, Callahan, Fernandina Beach, Hilliard and Yulee, Florida. 
The veterans we honor were nurses, doctors and aircraft mechanics. During World War II, one sat in a ball turret as a gunner; one 
was a P–17 pilot. In Korea, they called in air strikes as forward air controllers and worked in MASH units. In Vietnam, they were on the ground as infantrymen or in the air in helicopters. One of them helped develop the assault amphibious vehicle still used by the Marine Corps today. Some saw fierce combat in Iraq and worked counter drug operations in South and Central America. Several earned Bronze Stars and other service medals. Some wear Purple Hearts. All of them served with distinction, dedication and devotion to our country. 
Over the years I have had the honor of recognizing over two thousand veterans in Florida’s Fourth Congressional District. This year, I am honored to commend the following men and women for their service to our country and to salute them for a job well done: John W. Ashmead; Emily Jo Baumgartner; George P. ‘‘Pat’’ Beamer; Ula E. Bennett; John S. Billings; Thomas Blackwelder; Robert S. Bolan, Jr.; Joseph H. Bottoni; Harry E. Bowman; Paul Henry Brown; Stanley R. Bunch; Gerald B. Burford, M.D.; G. Kyle Burford; Robert R. Capps; Edward M. Coop; William Larry Cravey; Noah S. Crawford; Steven John Crounse; Andrew J. Curtin; Cara A. Curtin; Robert J. De Angelo; Harry Duccilli, Jr., M.D.; Samuel O. Entriken; M. Daniel Fullwood; Erving Gilyard; Thomas J. Gora; Leo Green; Eugene Rawson Griffin, III; John Halliday; James W. Hendricks; Walter A. Hickey; Thomas J. Higginbotham; Henry L. Hines, Jr.; Roy Holland; Darryl J. Hooper; Roger L. Horton; James II. Jones; Gordon E. Jonsrud; Edward Lee Kaywork; Conrad Kohlman; Gene A. Kyzer; Erik Larsen; Joseph R. Laspina; Andrea E.I. LatzaMeires; Leonard L. Lyons; Susan L Marden; William J. Marsh; Paul N. Massing; William G. McKeown; Patrick A. Meires; Gerald R. Miller; Presley K. Mitchell; W. Patrick Monaghan; Victor X. Monroy; Alva Barry Moody; Cynthia J. Morley; John D. Morley; Albert F. Nelson; Mary A. Nuttall; Alice Faye Overstreet; Kenneth B. Overstreet; Albert D. Owens; LeRoy Owens; Kenneth W. Pennington; George T. Pippin III; Gordon A. Plugge, Jr.; John D. Pruitt; Francis R. Quattrene; Josef I. Reece; Charles E. Revels; Sylvester Ross, Henry M. Rothschild; John W. Scherer; Eddie W. Shepherd; Edwin C. Sherer; Cleo F. Smith; John W. Stephens, Jr.; Dale C. Stickrath; Rick Traum; Jerry A. Tyner; James Bruce Underwood; Dumas J. Vines, Jr.; Willie F. Watson; Ralph L. Wickson; Thomas T. Workman; Jesse L. Wright; Edward A. Zack; and Nello R. Zortea. 
congratulate Alaa Aly, for earning the Girl Scouts of the USA Gold Award, their most prestigious honor. 
School, was recognized for her extraordinary leadership and efforts to raise Alzheimer’s awareness. She volunteered with the Cinco Ranch Alzheimer’s Center and Foundations Academy, a preschool and after school program, where she hosted an entertainment drive. Alaa has been a member of the San Jacinto Council since she was in second grade and previously earned the Girl Scout Bronze and Silver Awards for her other contributions to her community. What an accomplished young woman. 
On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Alaa Aly for receiving the Girl Scouts of the USA Gold Award. 
today to honor Ozark Action for the 50 years of outstanding service that they have provided to Missourians. Ozark Action is a nonprofit community action agency whose impact stretches across six counties in Missouri by providing lifesaving services for people in need. 
that people had their basic needs met, including food and clothing. The agency is led by executive director Bryan Adcock and contains three main departments and ranges of services. Angie Berry directs the community services department, which conducts a range of important activities to provide direct assistance to our citizens. The Head Start program, led by Kathleen Simonson, is an integral component of Ozark Action that provides a pre school experience to children from lowincome families and children with disabilities. The Housing and Weather Department is supervised by Terry Sanders, whose staff has assisted numerous people in our area to find affordable housing and improve the cost efficiency of their homes. 
before the United States House of Representatives for improving the lives of others throughout Missouri. 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees, subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Committee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
with the computerization of this information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Monday, November 2, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s RECORD . 
To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Deborah R. Malac, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Uganda, Lisa J. Peterson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Swaziland, and H. Dean Pittman, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique, all of the Department of State. 
Business meeting to consider the nomination of Adam J. Szubin, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, Department of the Treasury. 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Cooperation 
To hold hearings to examine Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and the propaganda in Europe. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and 
To hold hearings to examine data brokers, focusing on whether consumers’ information is secure. 
education choices for lowincome families, focusing on reauthorizing the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. 
To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Stuart F. Delery, of the District of Columbia, to be Associate Attorney General, Department of Justice. 
the Federal budget process, focusing on a biennial approach to better budgeting. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts 
To hold hearings to examine the American victims of Iranian and Palestinian terrorism. 
success for the Social Security Disability Insurance program and its beneficiaries. 
To hold hearings to examine wildfire, focusing on stakeholder perspectives on budgetary impacts and threats to natural resources on Federal, state, and private lands. 
To hold hearings to examine past wildfire seasons to inform and improve future Federal wildland fire management strategies. 
the Well Control Rule and other regulations related to offshore oil and gas production. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 10 a.m., on Tuesday, November 3, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 11 public bills, H.R. 3868–3878; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 508–509, were introduced.
Code, to make permanent the pilot program on counseling in retreat settings for women veterans newly separated from service in the Armed Forces (H. Rept. 114–319); 
H.R. 3144, to require consultation with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee regarding modifications to the prohibited item list, require a report on the Transportation Security Oversight Board, and 
for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–320); 
of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–321); 
H.R. 3503, to require an assessment of fusion center personnel needs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–322); 
of 2002 to improve the management and administration of the security clearance processes throughout the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–323); 
of 2002 to enhance the partnership between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fusion Centers, and for other purposes, 
Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; providing for proceedings during the period from November 6, 2015, through November 13, 2015; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 114–325).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Allen to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Recess: The House recessed at 12:02 p.m. and reconvened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H7349 
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Representative Boehner, wherein he resigned as Representative for the Eighth Congressional District of Ohio, effective on October 31, 2015.
of Rule 20, the Chair announced to the House that, in light of the resignation of the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Boehner, the whole number of the House is 434.
Recess: The House recessed at 2:11 p.m. and reconvened at 4:07 p.m.                                                    Page H7351 
amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program; 
to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to improve the management and administration of the security clearance processes throughout the Department of Homeland Security;
3598, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance the partnership between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fusion Centers;
to require an assessment of fusion center personnel needs;
Expressing concern over antiIsrael and antiSemitic incitement within the Palestinian Authority: H. Res. 293, amended, expressing concern over 
obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization: H.R. 
1853, to direct the President to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, by a 2/3 yea andnay vote of 392 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 582; and
to support global antipoaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife trafficking, and designate major wildlife trafficking countries.
Recess: The House recessed at 6:08 p.m. and reconvened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H7372 
debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe: H. Res. 354, amended, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe.
President wherein he terminated the designation of Burundi as a beneficiary subSaharan African country under the African Growth and Opportunity Act program—referred to the Committee on Ways and 
Means and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–72). 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H7349, H7350. 
Senate Referral: S. 1731 was referred to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs.
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yeaandnay vote developed during the proceedings of today and appears on page H7372. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and adjourned at 8:29 p.m. 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
Senate amendments to H.R. 22, the ‘‘Hire More Heroes Act of 2015’’ [DRIVE Act] [General debate]. The committee granted, by voice vote, a rule that provides for the consideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 22. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the Senate amendment. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted. In section 2, the rule provides that an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–32 shall be in order, shall be considered as pending, shall be considered as read, shall not be debatable, shall not be subject to amendment except for the amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report, and shall not be subject for a demand for the division of the question. The rule makes in order only the further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–32 and the amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. In section 3, the rule provides that at the conclusion of consideration of the amendments printed in the Rules Committee report, no further consideration of the bill 
shall occur except pursuant to a subsequent order of 
the House. In section 4, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from November 6, 2015, through November 13, 2015: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 5, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 4. Finally, in section 6, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of November 5, 2015 for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules relating to a measure authorizing appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense. Testimony was heard from Chairman Shuster and Representative DeFazio. 
ON THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ALLEGED MISUSE OF RELOCATION PROGRAM AND INCENTIVES 
hearing entitled ‘‘Testimony of Subpoenaed Witnesses on the Department of Veterans Affairs Alleged Misuse of Relocation Program and Incentives’’. Testimony was heard from Danny Pummill, Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Benefits, Veterans Benefits Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: business meeting to consider the nomination of Adam J. Szubin, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, Department of the Treasury, 2:30 p.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Deborah R. Malac, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Uganda, Lisa J. Peterson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Swaziland, and H. Dean Pittman, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique, all of the Department of State, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Cooperation, to hold hearings to examine Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and the propaganda in Europe, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and the Law, to hold hearings to examine data brokers, focusing on whether consumers’ information is secure, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
and Projection Forces; and Subcommittee on Readiness, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Aircraft Carrier—Presence and Surge Limitations. Expanding Power Projection Options’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
‘‘Future Options for the U.S. Nuclear Deterrent—Views from Project Atom’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade; and Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the EU Safe Harbor Decision and Impacts for Transatlantic Data Flows’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Legislation to Improve Medicare and Medicaid’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Res. 71, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’; H.J. Res. 72, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’, 1 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
‘‘Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2446, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require the use of electronic visit verification for personal care services furnished under the Medicaid program; H.R. 2646, the ‘‘Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act’’; H.R. 3014, the ‘‘Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act’’; H.R. 3537, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3716, the ‘‘Ensuring Terminated Providers Are Removed from Medicaid and CHIP Act’’; and H.R. 3821, the ‘‘Medicaid Directory of Caregivers Act’’, 3 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
on H.R. 1309, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1478, the ‘‘Policyholder Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1550, the ‘‘Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1660, the ‘‘Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2209, to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid assets, and for other purposes; 
Reform Act’’; H.R. 3557, the ‘‘FSOC Transparency and Accountability Act’’; H.R. 3738, the ‘‘Office of Financial Research Accountability Act of 2015’’; the ‘‘Small Business Credit Availability Act’’; H.R. 3857, to require the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Financial Stability Oversight Council to carry out certain requirements under the Financial Stability Act of 2010 before making any new determination under section 113 of such Act, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
entitled ‘‘Defending Against Bioterrorism: How Vulnerable is America?’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on H.R. 3438, the ‘‘Require Evaluation before Implementing Executive Wishlists Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2631, the ‘‘Regulatory Predictability for Business Growth Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘International Data Flows: Promoting Digital Trade in the 21st Century’’, 1 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘TSA: Security Gaps’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Subcommittee on Information Technology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Preparing for the 2020 Census: Will the Technology Be Ready?’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
amendments to H.R. 22, the ‘‘Hire More Heroes Act of 2015’’ [DRIVE Act] [Amendment consideration], 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
on Environment; and Subcommittee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Renewable Fuel Standard: A Ten Year Review of Costs and Benefits’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining VA’s Information Technology Systems that Provide Economic Opportunities for Veterans’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Better Coordinating Welfare Programs to Serve Families in Need’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Health, hearing on the status of the 
Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO–OP) Program, established under the President’s health care law, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1166 November 2, 2015 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1140, Federal Water Quality Protection Act. At 2:30 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
amendments to H.R. 22—DRIVE Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1568 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1567 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1573 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1572 Cooper, Jim, Tenn., E1572 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1570, E1571 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E1573 
Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E1569 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1568 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1568 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1567 Keating, William R., Mass., E1572 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1570 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1571 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1569 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E1570 
Olson, Pete, Tex., E1569, E1570, E1572, E1572, E1573 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1567 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1573 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1569, E1571 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1572 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1567, E1568 