the floor to celebrate the unanimous Senate confirmation of a public servant of integrity, energy, expertise, and ability; a person of deep dedication to our country, to ending poverty, fighting disease, and advancing democracy; someone I have had the privilege to have on my staff for the past 15 years, the new assistant administrator for Asia at USAID: Jonathan Stivers. 
with USAID and congressional committees to promote our national interests, fight poverty and disease around the world, and address ongoing challenges in global development across Asia. 
foreign policy priorities of our country, especially in the fields of human rights, appropriations, HIV/AIDS, international trade, and in countries across the AsiaPacific region. Many of our Republican colleagues know that Jon worked very much across the aisle on all of these issues. 
Jonathan’s professionalism and attention to detail were unparalleled, and I can say with confidence on the most challenging and critical issues of our day, Jon Stivers consistently exhibits the leadership needed to improve the global community. 
and his experience, I am proud that he is serving these critical issues in his new position, and I wish him; his wife, Ramsey, who is here with us; his baby daughters, Josephine and Parker, all the best in their new adventures. 
Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, I want to extend my support and gratitude to the law enforcement officers across the country who serve our communities and the American people daily. 
of law, and every day law enforcement officers carry out this legacy. They protect our neighborhoods from criminals, fight crime, ensure justice, and keep the peace. 
Sadly, many law enforcement officers have died in the line of duty. Last year 118 law enforcement officers died, including three from the Commonwealth of Virginia. Last year’s murder of two NYPD officers is a sober reminder that our Nation’s law enforcement officers face danger every day as they carry out their duty to protect the American people. 
that there is no greater love than to lay down one’s life for one’s friends, and this is true of our Nation’s law enforcement officers. Every day they risk their lives so that you and I may be safe from harm. 
These brave men and women are heroes and deserve to be recognized and honored for their service to our country. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
while I do not support the development of tar sands—an environmentally destructive and carbonintensive process—we should not continue a loophole that lets oil companies off the hook for covering destruction from oil spills. 
Liability Trust Fund for the immediate costs of cleaning up oil spills, and it is funded by an excise tax on crude oil and petroleum products, but the oil derived from tar sands that would be transported through the Keystone XL pipeline is not subject to this tax. 
of crude, more difficult and costly to clean up than other types of oil, the exemption makes no sense, especially if it is as safe as some allege. That is why yesterday I reintroduced the Tar Sands Tax Loophole Elimination Act, which would ensure that oil pays into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund that travels through this pipeline if it is ever constructed. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
minutes my colleagues and I will be following a tradition that we began 
when Republicans regained the majority in 2011 of reading the Constitution during the first week that we are back into session. I think this is a very important tradition that we have established here in the House of Representatives. 
day that this is the first time in the history of the country that this has been done. This is our third Congress in a row to do this. 
All of us, or almost all of us, carry a 
copy of the pocket version of the Constitution with us to remind us why we are here and what undergirds everything that we do in this House and in this Congress. 
In the front of the copy I have, it 
says, ‘‘The Declaration of Independence was the promise; the Constitution was the fulfillment,’’ and there is a quote from Alexander Hamilton: ‘‘The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for, among old parchments, or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of divinity itself; and can never be erased or obscured by the mortal power.’’ 
today to call on this body to take up legislation to repeal the lastminute changes to campaign finance law that were tacked into a 1,600page bill to fund the government this December. 
wealthiest donors can now each contribute more than $750,000 per year to a political party, more than seven times the previous cap. Worst of all, these changes were buried in a bill with no hearing and no public debate. In fact, Mr. Speaker, this body never even got a chance to vote on this provision since the bill was not considered under an open amendment process. 
had with residents throughout Washington State, I can tell you I have never heard anyone, Democrat or Republican, argue that the wealthy can’t spend enough on politics or that those with the deepest pockets don’t have enough influence in our Nation’s Capital. 
the interests of ‘‘We the People’’ and make sure that the wealthiest donors don’t get another chance to flood our elections with even more money and to undermine our democracy. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s take up this legislation, strip out those loopholes, and get to work restoring the faith and trust of American voters. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize a remarkable individual from Dallas, Texas, to recognize him for his introduction into the National Football Foundation’s Leadership Hall of Fame last night, January 8, 2015. 
I would like to thank Chairman Archie Manning, football player Troy Aikman, Mayor Tom and Laura Leppert, and football player Roger Staubach for recognizing Dr. Kenneth Cooper for his dedication to health and fitness and his continuing leadership to health care for all. 
the United States Air Force and in a medical career in Dallas, Texas, he has continued to revitalize health care and fitness. He is also the father of preventative medicine and known as the father of aerobics, trying to make sure that the American people and the world understand how important fitness is to our life and our health. 
I want to express my hearty congratulations to Dr. Cooper on receiving this outstanding award on behalf of the National Football Foundation, and I hope the American people and, today, the United States Congress will do so as well. 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
President will be speaking in Knoxville, Tennessee, on extending college educations to Americans. 
giving more Americans the opportunity to go to college, but I would submit to him he should not be holding up the Tennessee Promise plan in Tennessee as an example. He should be holding up the Tennessee HOPE Lottery Scholarship program, which I worked 20 years to achieve in Tennessee and has provided over $3 billion to education, $250 million a year. 
President is talking about should have standards for students in high school 
to achieve to get a scholarship. They should have strong standards in college to maintain them. They should be in addition to Pell grants and in addition to other scholarships to pay for books and tuition. 
class and lower income students and gives to higher income students, doesn’t have standards in high school to get the scholarship, and doesn’t have high standards to keep it. It is a last dollar scholarship. 
like the Tennessee HOPE Lottery Scholarship: assure students have an incentive in high school to get it and incentives to keep it with high grade standards, and it shouldn’t go to for profit schools, for that is an invitation to abuse. 
I thank the President for his commitment, but I think he has the wrong program as his model. 
(Mrs. ROBY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Obama’s attempt to bypass Congress and grant amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants is wrong and dangerous. It undermines the rule of law and threatens American jobs. 
colleagues and I, including fellow appropriators, are putting the finishing touches on a plan that will wield the power of the purse to block executive amnesty. 
wanted to put forward the simplest, most straightforward bill language that could defund the President’s immigration actions. Thankfully my own Alabama Senator, JEFFSESSIONS , had 
already generated some great model language doing just that, so we crafted that into the House bill. 
We are still working on it, but I am 
confident that strong defund language will be presented to this House for inclusion in the Homeland appropriations title. 
to fund Homeland Security and its important functions, but to specifically block implementation of President Obama’s unconstitutional immigration orders. 
House Resolution 5, the Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) for the reading of the 
morning, for the third time in the history of the House of Representatives, we will read aloud on the floor of the House the full text of the United States Constitution. 
help demonstrate to the American people that the House of Representatives is dedicated to the Constitution and the system it establishes for limited government and the protection of individual liberty. We also hope that it will inspire many more Americans to read the Constitution themselves. 
the changes to the document made by the 27 amendments to it. Those portions superseded by amendment will not be read. 
those interested in participating, we have asked Members to line up to be recognized on a firstcome, firstserved basis. I will recognize Members based on this guidance. Each Member will approach the podium and read the passage laid out for him or her. 
fairness, I may recognize Members out of order in order to ensure bipartisanship and balance. Additionally, because of his longterm leadership on civil rights issues, I will recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Representative JOHN LEWIS, to read the Thirteenth 
parties for their participation in this historic event. I will begin by recognizing the gentleman from Ohio, Speaker BOEHNER , to read the preamble 
the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.’’ 
‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
be composed of Members chosen every second year by the people of the several States, and the electors in each State shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislature.’’ 
Representative who shall not have attained to the age of twentyfive years, and been seven years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of that State in which he shall be chosen. 
made within three years after the first meeting of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent term of ten years, in such manner as they shall by law direct.’’ 
Mr. SCALISE. ‘‘The number of Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirtythousand, but each State shall have at least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to chuse three, Massachusetts eight, RhodeIsland and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut five, NewYork six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five, and Georgia three.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
in the representation from any State, the executive authority thereof shall issue writs of election to fill such vacancies. 
chuse their Speaker and other officers; and shall have the sole power of impeachment.’’ 
shall be composed of two Senators from each State, for six years; and each Senator shall have one vote. 
‘‘Immediately after they shall be assembled in consequence of the first election, they shall be divided as equally as may be into three classes.’’ 
Senators of the first class shall be vacated at the expiration of the second year, of the second class at the expiration of the fourth year, and of the third class at the expiration of the sixth year, so that onethird may be chosen every second year.’’ 
Senator who shall not have attained to the age of thirty years, and been nine years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen.’’ 
the United States shall be President of the Senate, but shall have no vote, unless they be equally divided. 
officers, and also a President pro tempore, in the absence of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise the office of President of the United States.’’ 
shall have the sole power to try all impeachments. When sitting for that purpose, they shall be on oath or affirmation. When the President of the United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: and no person shall be convicted without the concurrence of two thirds of the Members present.’’ 
of impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor, trust or profit under the United States: but the party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and 
Mr. MARINO. Section 4: ‘‘The times, places and manner of 
holding elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations, except as to the places of chusing Senators.’’ 
Mrs. BEATTY. Section 5: ‘‘Each House shall be the judge of the 
elections, returns and qualifications of its own Members, and a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the attendance of absent Members, in such manner, and under such penalties as each House may provide.’’ 
‘‘Each House may determine the rules of its proceedings, punish its Members for disorderly behaviour, and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a Member.’’ 
shall keep a Journal of its proceedings, and from time to time publish the same, excepting such parts as may in their judgment require secrecy; and the yeas and nays of the Members of either House on any question shall, at the desire of one fifth of those present, be entered on the Journal.’’ 
during the session of Congress, shall, without the consent of the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting.’’ 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Section 6: ‘‘The Senators and Representatives 
shall receive a compensation for their services, to be ascertained by law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United States. They shall in all cases, except treason, felony and breach of the peace, be privileged from arrest during their attendance at the session of their respective Houses, and in going to and returning from the same; and for any speech or debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other place.’’ 
Mr. LATTA. ‘‘No Senator or Representative shall, during the time for which he was elected, be appointed to any civil office under the authority of the United States, which shall have 
been created, or the emoluments whereof shall have been encreased during such time; and no person holding any office under the United States, shall be a Member of either House during his continuance in office.’’ 
Ms. BONAMICI. Section 7: ‘‘All bills for raising revenue shall 
originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with amendments as on other bills.’’ 
shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall, before it become a law, be presented to the President of the United States: if he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his objections to that House in which it shall have originated, who shall enter the objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it.’’ 
Mr. WALZ. ‘‘If after such reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the bill, it shall be sent, together with the objections, to the other House, by which it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House, it shall become a law.’’ 
votes of both Houses shall be determined by yeas and nays, and the names of the persons voting for and against the bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively.’’ 
not be returned by the President within ten days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the same shall be a law, in like manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their adjournment prevent its return, in which case it shall not be a law.’’ 
Mr. BENISHEK. ‘‘Every order, resolution, or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary (except on a question of adjournment) shall be presented to the President of the United States; and before the same shall take effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
Ms. KAPTUR. Section 8: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to 
lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; . . .’’ 
nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
‘‘To establish an uniform rule of naturalization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States; . . .’’ 
money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights and measures; 
counterfeiting the securities and current coin of the United States; 
progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries; . . .’’ 
felonies committed on the high seas, and offences against the law of nations; . . .’’ 
grant letters of marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning captures on land and water; 
appropriation of money to that use shall be for a longer term than two years; . . .’’ 
‘‘To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections and repel invasions; . . .’’ 
organizing, arming, and disciplining, the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress; . . .’’ 
Mr. SERRANO. ‘‘. . . to exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever, over such district (not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like authority over all places purchased by the consent of the legislature of the State in which the same shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dockyards, and other needful buildings; . . .’’ 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. ‘‘. . . and to 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ 
such persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each person.’’ 
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it. 
shall be laid, unless in proportion to the census or enumeration herein before directed to be taken. 
‘‘No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported from any State.’’ 
given by any regulation of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State over those of another; nor shall vessels bound to, or from, one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay duties in another. 
Treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. ‘‘No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States: and no person holding any office of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent of the Congress, accept of any present, emolument, office, or title, of any kind whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign state.’’ 
Section 10: ‘‘No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal; coin money; emit bills of credit; make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts; pass any bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing the obligation of contracts, or grant any title of nobility.’’ 
the consent of the Congress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing its inspection laws: and the net produce of all duties and imposts, laid by any State on imports or exports, shall be for the use of the Treasury of the United States; and all such laws shall be subject to the revision and controul of the Congress. 
of Congress, lay any duty of tonnage, keep troops, or ships of war in time of peace, enter into any agreement or compact with another State, or with a foreign power, or engage in war, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay.’’ 
in a President of the United States of America. He shall hold his office during the term of four years, and, together with the Vice President, chosen for the same term, be elected, as follows: 
manner as the legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors, equal to the whole number of Senators and Representatives to which the State may be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or Representative, or person holding an office or trust or profit under the United States, shall be appointed an elector.’’ 
Mr. FORBES. ‘‘The Congress may determine the time of chusing the electors, and the day on which they shall give their votes; which day shall be the same throughout the United States. 
‘‘No person except a natural born citizen, or a citizen of the United States, at the time of the adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the office of President; neither shall any person be eligible to that office who shall not have attained to the age of thirty five 
years, and been fourteen years a resident within the United States.’’ 
at stated times, receive for his services, a compensation, which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the period for which he shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that period any other emolument from the United States, or any of them. 
his office, he shall take the following oath or affirmation:—‘I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.’’’ 
Mr. PAULSEN. Section 2: ‘‘The President shall be Commander 
in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the militia of the several States, when called into the actual service of the United States; he may require the opinion, in writing, of the principal officer in each of the executive departments, upon any subject relating to the duties of their respective offices, and he shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for offences against the United States, except in cases of impeachment.’’ 
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges of the supreme Court, and all other officers of the United States, whose appointments are not herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by law: . . . ’’ 
Mr. ROTHFUS. ‘‘. . . but the Congress may by law vest the appointment of such inferior officers, as they think proper, in the President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of departments. 
fill up all vacancies that may happen during the recess of the Senate, by granting commissions which shall expire at the end of their next session.’’ 
gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). 
consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient; 
‘‘He may, on extraordinary occasions, convene both Houses, or either of them, and in case of disagreement between them, with respect to the time of adjournment, he may adjourn them to such time as he shall think proper; ...  ’ ’  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. ‘‘. . . he shall 
receive ambassadors and other public ministers; he shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed, and shall commission all the officers of the United States.’’ 
all civil officers of the United States, shall be removed from office on impeachment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.’’ 
Mr. NADLER. Article III, section 1: ‘‘The judicial power of the United 
States shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their offices during good behaviour, and shall, at stated times, receive for their services a compensation, which shall not be diminished during their continuance in office.’’ 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Section 2: ‘‘The judicial power shall extend to 
all cases, in law and equity, arising under this Constitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties made, or which shall be made, under their authority;—to all cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls;—to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction; . . . ’’ 
Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. ‘‘. . . to controversies to which the United States shall be a party;—to controversies between two or more States,—between citizens of different States,—between citizens of the same State claiming lands under grants of different States, and between a State, or the citizens thereof, and foreign states, citizens or subjects.’’ 
ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, and those in which a State shall be party, the supreme Court shall have original jurisdiction. In all other cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall have appellate jurisdiction, both as to law and fact, with such exceptions, and under such regulations as 
except in cases of impeachment, shall be by jury; and such trial shall be held in the State where the said crimes shall have been committed; but when not committed within any State, the trial shall be at such place or places as the Congress may by law have directed.’’ 
Mrs. BLACK. Section 3: ‘‘Treason against the United States, 
shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act, or on confession in open court.’’ 
have power to declare the punishment of treason, but no attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood, or forfeiture except during the life of the person attainted.’’ 
in each State to the public acts, records, and judicial proceedings of every other State. And the Congress may by general laws prescribe the manner in which such acts, records and proceedings shall be proved, and the effect thereof.’’ 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Section 2: ‘‘The citizens of each State shall be 
entitled to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States. 
treason, felony, or other crime, who shall flee from justice and be found in another State, shall on demand of the executive authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be removed to the State having jurisdiction of the crime.’’ 
Mr. WALBERG. Section 3: ‘‘New States may be admitted by the 
Congress into this Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any other State; nor any State be formed by the junction of two or more States, or parts of States, without the consent of the legislatures of the States concerned as well as of the Congress.’’ 
have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ 
Mr. ZELDIN. Section 4: ‘‘The United States shall guarantee 
to every State in this Union a Republican form of government, and shall protect each of them against invasion; and on application of the legislature, or of the executive (when the legislature cannot be convened), against domestic violence.’’ 
of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several States ...  ’ ’  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. ‘‘. . . 
or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress; provided that no amendment which may be made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first article; and that no State, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate.’’ 
‘‘All debts contracted and engagements entered into, before the adoption of this Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States under this Constitution, as under the Confederation.’’ 
and the laws of the United States which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all treaties made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any thing in the Constitution or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding.’’ 
legislatures, and all executive and judicial officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by oath or affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.’’ 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Article VII: ‘‘The ratification of the conventions 
of nine States, shall be sufficient for the establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the same.’’ 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. ‘‘Done in convention by the unanimous consent of the States present the seventeenth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven and of the independence of the United States of America the twelfth in witness whereof we have hereunto subscribed our names.’’ 
Mr. WALDEN. North Carolina: William Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson. 
New York: Alexander Hamilton. Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
Mrs. ROBY. New Jersey: William Livingston, David Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan Dayton. 
Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer, Thomas FitzSimons, Jared Ingersoll, James Wilson, Gouverneur Morris. 
Ms. HAHN. Amendment I: ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or 
abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.’’ 
‘‘A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Amendment III: ‘‘No soldier shall, in time of peace be 
quartered in any house, without the consent of the owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law.’’ 
Mr. ROUZER. Amendment IV: ‘‘The right of the people to be secure 
in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.’’ 
Mr. CARNEY. Amendment V: ‘‘No person shall be held to answer 
for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual service in time of war or public danger; ...  ’ ’  
shall any person be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ). 
Mr. EMMER. Amendment VI: ‘‘In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, . . . ’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. CHU). 
and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; 
to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for his defence.’’ 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Amendment VII: ‘‘In suits at common law, where the 
value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury, shall be otherwise reexamined in any court of the United States, than according to the rules of the common law.’’ 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ), the Republican 
nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.’’ 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Amendment IX: ‘‘The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.’’ 
Mr. PITTS. Amendment X: ‘‘The powers not delegated to the 
United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.’’ 
States shall not be construed to extend to any suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States by citizens of another State, or by citizens or subjects of any foreign state.’’ 
Mr. FLORES. Amendment XII: ‘‘The electors shall meet in their respective States and vote by ballot for President and VicePresident, one of whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant of the same State with themselves; they shall name in their ballots the person voted for as President, and in distinct ballots the person voted for as VicePresident, . . .’’ 
make distinct lists of all persons voted for as President, and of all persons voted for as VicePresident, and of the number of votes for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to the seat of the government of the United States, directed to the President of the Senate; . . .’’ 
of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all the certificates and the votes shall then be counted;—the person having the greatest number of votes for President, shall be the President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of electors appointed; and if no person have such majority, then from the persons having the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list of those voted for as President, . . .’’ 
House of Representatives shall choose immediately, by ballot, the President. But in choosing the President, the votes shall be taken by States, the representation from each State having one vote; a quorum for this purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from twothirds of the States, and a majority of all the States shall be necessary to a choice.’’ 
the greatest number of votes as Vice President, shall be the VicePresident, if such number be a majority of the whole number of electors appointed, and if no person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers on the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice President; . . . ’’ 
the purpose shall consist of twothirds of the whole number of Senators, and a majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be eligible to that of VicePresident of the United States.’’ 
‘‘Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.’’ 
Section 2: ‘‘Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.’’ 
the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State 
deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.’’ 
Mr. CICILLINE. Section 2: ‘‘Representatives shall be apportioned among the several States according to their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each State, excluding Indians not taxed.’’ 
when the right to vote at any election for the choice of electors for President and Vice President of the United States, Representatives in Congress, the executive and judicial officers of a State, or the Members of the legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabitants of such State, being twentyone years of age, and citizens of the United States, or in any way abridged, except for participation in rebellion, or other crime, the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the proportion which the number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole number of male citizens twenty one years of age in such State.’’ 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Section 3: ‘‘No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a Member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, . . .’’ 
Mr. BARR. ‘‘. . . or as a member of 
any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of twothirds of each House, remove such disability.’’ 
Mr. VALADAO. Section 4: ‘‘The validity of the public debt of 
the United States, authorized by law, including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned.’’ 
United States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any 
claim for the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations and claims shall be held illegal and void.’’ 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the minority leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. Section 5: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power 
to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article.’’ 
Amendment XV, section 1: ‘‘The right of citizens of the United 
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.’’ 
Mr. YODER. Section 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power 
lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration.’’ 
Ms. EDWARDS. Amendment XVII: ‘‘The Senate of the United States 
shall be composed of two Senators from each State, elected by the people thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall have one vote. The electors in each State shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures. 
‘‘When vacancies happen in the representation of any State in the Senate, the executive authority of such State shall issue writs of election to fill such vacancies: . . .’’ 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. ‘‘. . . provided, that the legislature of any State may empower the executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the people fill the vacancies by election as the legislature may direct. 
construed as to affect the election or term of any Senator chosen before it becomes valid as part of the Constitution. 
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex. 
‘‘Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.’’ 
Section 1: ‘‘The terms of the President and the 
Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of January, of the years in which such terms would have ended if this article had not been ratified; and the terms of their successors shall then begin.’’ 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Section 2: ‘‘The Congress shall assemble at 
least once in every year, and such meeting shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint a different day.’’ 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Section 3: ‘‘If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the President, the President elect shall have died, the Vice President elect shall become President. If a President shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for the beginning of his term, or if the President elect shall have failed to qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as President until a President shall have qualified; . . .’’ 
Mr. GRIFFITH. ‘‘. . . and the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein neither a President elect nor a Vice President shall have qualified, declaring who shall then act as President, or the manner in which one who is to act shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a President or Vice President shall have qualified.’’ 
Mr. WELCH. Section 4: ‘‘The Congress may by law provide 
for the case of the death of any of the persons from whom the House of Representatives may choose a President whenever the right of choice shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of the death of any of the persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President whenever the right of choice shall have devolved upon them.’’ 
the 15th day of October following the ratification of this article.’’ 
Section 6: ‘‘This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of threefourths of the several States within seven years from the date of its submission.’’ 
Section 1: ‘‘The eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States is hereby repealed.’’ 
into any State, Territory, or possession of the United States for delivery or use therein of intoxicating liquors, in violation of the laws thereof, is hereby prohibited.’’ 
Mr. PITTENGER. Section 3: ‘‘This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by conventions in the several States, as provided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof to the States by the Congress.’’ 
Section 1: ‘‘No person shall be elected to the office of the President more than twice, and no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President shall be elected to the office of President more than once.’’ 
not apply to any person holding the office of President when this article was proposed by Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may be holding the office of President, or acting as President, during the term within which this article becomes operative from holding the office of President or acting as President during the remainder of such term.’’ 
Ms. PLASKETT. Section 2: ‘‘This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of threefourths of the several States within seven years from the date of its submission to the States by the Congress.’’ 
Mr. TIPTON. Amendment XXIII: Section 1: ‘‘The District constituting the seat 
of government of the United States shall appoint in such manner as Congress may direct: 
and Vice President equal to the whole number of Senators and Representatives in Congress to which the District would be entitled if it were a State, but in no event more than the least populous State; . . . ’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the 
Mr. BUCK. ‘‘. . . they shall be in addition to those appointed by the States, but they shall be considered, for the purposes of the election of President and Vice President, to be electors appointed by a State; and they shall meet in the District and perform such duties as provided by the twelfth article of amendment.’’ 
Mr. JOYCE. Amendment XXIV: Section 1: ‘‘The right of citizens of the United 
States to vote in any primary or other election for President or Vice President, for electors for President or Vice President, or for Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or any State by reason of failure to pay poll tax or other tax.’’ 
Section 1: ‘‘In case of the removal of the President from office or of his death or resignation, the Vice President shall become President.’’ 
Section 2: ‘‘Whenever there is a vacancy in the 
office of the Vice President, the President shall nominate a Vice President who shall take office upon confirmation by a majority vote of both Houses of Congress.’’ 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Section 3: ‘‘Whenever the President transmits 
and other members of the New York delegation were not able to be here on swearingin day because we were attending the funeral of former Governor Mario Cuomo in New York, and we were also not here to cast a vote for Speaker of the House. 
I would have cast my ballot for the right Honorable NANCY PELOSI of California, and I would like the R ECORD to 
my vote for Speaker for the Honorable NANCY PELOSI from California, and I 
the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come. So at this point, I am pleased to yield to my friend from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader. 
will meet at noon for morninghour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morninghour and noon for legislative business. On Wednesday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected around noon. On Thursday and Friday, no votes are expected. 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today. 
H.R. 186, the Regulatory Accountability Act, authored by Chairman GOODLATTE . This bipartisan bill will 
modernize the regulatory process, ensure transparency, and reduce overly burdensome costs that are hurting job creators across the country. 
the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act, authored by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Representative FITZPATRICK , 
which includes bipartisan reforms to reduce red tape and ensure that small businesses have access to the capital they need to grow. 
Finally, the House is expected to consider legislation to fund the Department of Homeland Security and respond to the President’s unconstitutional executive action. 
First, Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the majority leader for bringing to the floor in a timely fashion the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, which we passed overwhelmingly in a bipartisan fashion. I think that it was very, very important that we got that through the House early. As the majority leader knows, the Senate has already passed that bill, and it is on its way to the President. That, obviously, will raise the confidence level of those who are going to create jobs and enter into construction projects. It is very important for our economy and for our communities. So I thank the majority leader for his quick action and leadership on that issue. Mr. Speaker, I am hopeful the majority leader can inform us of what form the Department of Homeland Security appropriation bill will come to the floor. And what I mean by ‘‘what form,’’ the committee bill, obviously, will be supported almost unanimously on both sides—certainly on this side of the aisle unanimously—if, in fact, it is the funding levels that resulted from the agreement between the Republican Party and the Democratic Party and passed overwhelmingly, known as the RyanMurray budget numbers. 
reported it out. It was included in the omnibus. But it was included, as the gentleman knows, only until February 27. 
that will come to the floor as reported out of committee? And when I say ‘‘committee,’’ I mean the House Appropriations Committee. Or when reported out, will it be considered under a rule? And if considered under a rule, will that rule allow amendments? 
And I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
The base bill will reflect the Appropriations Committee’s bipartisan, bicameral negotiations on funding for the Department of Homeland Security, the text of which will be available later today. And to answer the question, yes, the funding level will be at that. 
amendments which respond to the President’s executive action, and I expect the text of those will be available a little later today. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I am pretty sure I understand exactly 
what the gentleman said. Therefore, those amendments will be offered on the floor and will not be incorporated in the base bill? 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. When will the hearing on the rule be 
held so that our Members can know; so that if they have amendments they would like to offer, they can appear at the Rules Committee? 
And I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
for that, and I will make sure that our Members know that. 
held a moment of silence—and I will be saying something in a few minutes—on the tragic events that have happened in France, the loss of life in the initial incident, in the hostagetaking, and of the law enforcement officer. Clearly this was in France, but we know that we are all vulnerable in all of the free world. 
ensure that the Homeland Security bill passes this House in a bipartisan fashion. And what I mean by that is, I know there are going to be amendments offered. I know his side of the 
aisle is very concerned and believes— and he has asserted—that the actions taken by the President were unconstitutional. We do not share that view, as the gentleman knows, that they were unconstitutional. We believe the executive was within his authority and prosecutorial discretion on the executive side of the government. But we also know that that issue is going to be an issue of substantial debate, discussion, and I am sure other legislative actions. 
Mr. Speaker, I would urge the majority leader to—I think it is in the best interest making sure the Homeland Security bill is passed so there is no doubt as to the resources that the Homeland Security Department will have to protect all Americans, to protect our homeland, and to coordinate extensively. 
Secretary Johnson has made statements this week that the failure to have full funding for the Department of Homeland Security has already impeded his ability and the Department’s ability to act fully on behalf of the security of this country. 
all 435 of us are committed to making sure that we do everything we can to keep our homeland safe and our people safe. And I would hope that we would have nothing included in the bill which would be very controversial, reflecting our differences, when the underlying bill, I think, is not controversial, when the underlying bill is something on which we can almost unanimously, I think, agree and is something that ought to be passed and ought to be signed by the President and ought to give the Department of Homeland Security the full resources it needs to keep America safe. 
And I would be glad to yield to my 
the Department of Homeland Security is funded up until February 27. But as was noted, next week is the second week back in. And we are taking this up in the second week because I believe on both sides of the aisle, we care about the homeland, we care about our security, and this is something that has been worked on together. And inside this body, we have a constitutional responsibility to deal with those items that are germane, and we will deal with all the items that are germane. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I look forward to working with him 
next week to hopefully achieve the passage of a bill that will not prove controversial in the Senate or with the President of the United States so that this can be effective, as the gentleman observed, as quickly as possible. I appreciate him bringing it to the floor, and I also appreciate the fact that the amendments are going to be considered separately. And I would hope that we 
could join together in opposing amendments which will undermine the bipartisanship of the legislation. 
We will have a couple of short weeks when the Republicans go to their retreat, their issues conference, and then when the Democrats go to their issues conference. 
I would ask if you could give me a 
sense of the legislation that will be on for the remainder of the month. 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
day weeks for retreats for the House on both sides of the aisle. And this year, the Republicans will be retreating with the Republicans in the Senate as well, leaving next Wednesday. 
throughout January, focusing on bipartisan solutions that have been needlessly stuck in the Senate. As the gentleman knows, 382 bills did pass this House but got stuck in the Senate, and more than half of those actually were even passed by voice vote. 
the Federal review process for natural gas pipeline permit applications and a bill to cut through red tape and ensure exports of liquefied natural gas to our allies. 
each week, I assure the gentleman that a full list of bills coming before the House will be available for Members. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. And lastly, Mr. Leader, if I could ask 
you about the border security bill. It is my understanding that the border bill could be coming to the floor this month. And I know that the gentleman from Texas, Chairman MCCAUL, has 
said that Republican leaders are getting close—and I am quoting—to having a separate border policy bill ready to go. I know they, referring to the Republican leadership, want Homeland appropriations on the floor next week, as we have already discussed. So what is going to be tied to that is unclear at this point, but we are working on a border bill right now. 
McCaul border bill passed out of committee either on voice vote or unanimously, with both parties agreeing. And, in fact, the Democrats in the last Congress, in the comprehensive immigration bill that we introduced, included dropping the Senate border security bill and putting in the McCaul bill, as the gentleman undoubtedly knows, because we believed that was the better approach. 
McCaul bill, as passed in the last Congress, be the border bill that will be reported? Or does the majority leader know that at this point in time? 
does want to move a bill, maybe towards later this month. I know he has a trip to the border with a number of 
Members. I know he would like to move the bill after that trip. So I anticipate a bill shortly. And as soon as we have a date, I will let the gentleman know. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. And I hope that we can, as we did in 
the first iteration of the McCaul bill, have a unanimous bipartisan agreement because all of us want to make sure the border is, in fact, secure again, as we want to see that the Homeland Security Department has its full complement of resources to protect the American people. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, January 12, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
BABIN). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the President’s executive orders on immigration, set to take effect in mid2015. 
8, expressly grants the legislature the sole authority to establish rules for naturalization. Yet on November 20, 2014, the President announced new policies that would enable a substantial portion of the unlawfully present alien population to obtain relief from removal and work authorization. 
In addition to substantive constitutional separation of power concerns, the action raises national security implications and a range of other potentially harmful consequences. 
House passed H.R. 83, which imposes a February 27 funding sunset for the agencies responsible for carrying out the President’s orders. 
While this limitation creates an opportunity for the new majority in Congress to take action against the President’s unilateral actions, my colleagues on both sides of the aisle should want to protect the rule of law, our constitutional separation of powers, and the best interests of hardworking Americans. The American people deserve as much. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
know all Americans would rise if they were here, to express our solidarity with, our sympathy to, and our convictions for a strong alliance with the people of France. 
Paris on Tuesday of journalists and those who protected them ought to be a reminder that we cannot and must not take for granted the freedoms we enjoy living in a democracy. 
The men and women who were targeted in Paris on Wednesday were cartoonists whose job was to use humor to make people question their leaders and their most cherished principles. Freedom of speech, protected in the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America, which was read today on this floor, means nothing if that speech can be intimidated and shuttered by violence. 
part of a long tradition in France and in this country of bringing the loftiest of people and ideas down to Earth through the power of satire. 
Freedom of the press and free expression of ideas are a necessary check against tyranny and oppression. They are as much a part of democracy as the right to vote and due process in court. 
Mr. Speaker, in attacking these journalists, the terrorists made their target clear, and that is freedom itself— freedom in America, freedom in France, freedom throughout the world, freedom of conscience, freedom of speech, and freedom of dissent. 
kosher market today further demonstrated the terrorists’ utter disregard for the ‘‘liberty, equality, and brotherhood’’ that are the foundation of the French democracy and the American democracy. 
must continue to stand up to those who wish to stifle the basic freedoms that all people deserve. I know that all 435 Members of this Congress are united in that conviction. I join with all of my colleagues in offering my condolences to the families of the victims and to the French people. 
Mr. Speaker, in that regard, I articulate what has just been demonstrated by all by standing in silence, just as President Kennedy declared, ‘‘Ich bin ein Berliner,’’ and newspapers around the world after 9/11 read, ‘‘We are all Americans.’’ 
around the world join together in solidarity to say, ‘‘We are all Charlie’’— ‘‘Nous’’ sommes tous Charlie.’’ 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Red Ryder BB gun is a ghost of Christmas past because, this year, Santa 
drone, everywhere a drone. Just more eyes in the sky and these eyes could be anywhere and on any person. How comforting is that? 
drones will be over the skies of America. People are rightfully concerned that these eyes in the sky could be a threat to their constitutional right of privacy. 
of unchartered drone technology. That is why I am reintroducing the Preserving American Privacy Act. This bill seeks to ensure the privacy of Americans. It establishes specific guidelines for about when and what purposes that law enforcement and private entities can use drones. 
Constitution does not. The Christmas spy machines that have useful purposes also need constitutional rules to prevent unlawful surveillance by law enforcement or private organizations. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
this week the Members of the 114th United States Congress took their oaths of office. Families and friends from around the country came to participate in this great American tradition of representative democracy and to support their loved ones. I was pleased that my own wife and five daughters were here with me as well. 
an exciting time to renew our government and the promise of America, but as we all know, we face tremendous challenges. Political dysfunction and partisan gridlock have made smart and effective government very difficult here. 
dimmed the financial prospects of too many small businesses and their families. In our time of social fracture, more and more people are feeling directionless and alone. 
there is nothing wrong in America that can’t be fixed by what is right in America, but this will require bold resolve, innovative public policy, and a return to our highest ideals. 
We must restore our economic vibrancy through responsible government, reclaiming our best traditions, and building a culture of life that respects the dignity and rights of all persons. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
the administration’s concessions to the tyrannical Cuban regime have only strengthened the iron grip of the dictatorship, and by President Obama attempting to normalize relations with the island, we are only putting more money into the coffers of these thugs to continue their repressive ways. 
The White House and the State Department were once again fooled by a tyrant, and that has grave consequences for our credibility around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a bad deal. It is 
a bad deal for the people of Cuba, a bad deal for America, and a bad deal for freedomloving people everywhere. 
Today, I was joined by other Members of Congress in sending a letter to Secretary Kerry urging the administration to stop its concessions, abandon the talks scheduled with Cuba later this month, and get serious about bringing true reforms to Cuba first before even contemplating a change in our relations. 
If they won’t listen, it is up to us in 
Congress to defend freedom for Cuba and, indeed, around the world. 
APPRECIATING THE PUBLIC SERVICE OF PAUL CLYMER, PENNSYLVANIA STATE REPRESENTATIVE 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
fall, after 34 years of distinguished public service, Pennsylvania State representative Paul Clymer from upper Bucks County announced his retirement. Throughout his career, Representative Clymer has been a strong advocate on many issues ranging from education to economic development. 
committee responsible for the renovation on the State capitol building. He took a personal interest in this project, working diligently to ensure the completed renovation would live up to President Theodore Roosevelt’s declaration in 1906 when he called it, ‘‘the handsomest building he ever saw.’’ 
part to Paul’s work, the building still strikes visitors with awe. Although he has many accomplishments to his name, it has been Representative Clymer’s gentlemanly demeanor for which he was best known. 
man of conviction who would stand up for his principles, yet also able to listen to those who passionately opposed him. He has been a model public servant and a mentor to many, including to me, and I want to say, ‘‘Well done, Paul, in your retirement.’’ AMERICA WELCOMES ALL PEOPLE 
AND DOES NOT STIGMATIZE BASED ON RELIGION, ETHNICITY, OR RACE 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
this morning, we started by reading the Constitution, and I did not want to leave this week without reminding us of Amendment One of the Bill of Rights: 
‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.’’ 
France who, in the early years of our beginnings, certainly gave to America many of the democratic principles by way of their own values. Today, we acknowledge that violence will not undermine democratic values around the Nation or around the world. 
lives, and we want to stop the terrorist violence, but what we most want to do is to be able to acknowledge the individual dignity of all people and that we will not stigmatize religions or ethnicities or race in this country, but we will recognize that we are great because we are able to welcome all from all places and to be able to accept their human dignity. 
Rights, and I am grateful for the greatness of this Nation, but I stand with the people of France and mourn their loss this week. 
policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time, and I would like to claim this time to spend a few moments on the floor of this House to express the appreciation of myself and my colleagues to those who serve every day in our law enforcement community. 
this time than to yield to a colleague of mine from the State of Washington, a former sheriff of 30 years in law enforcement, and a former Sheriff of the Year from King County, my colleague from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ). 
Mr. REICHERT. I thank the gentleman for yielding and his kind introduction. 
Enforcement Appreciation Day. I hope this becomes a yearly thing. It is sponsored today by the National Sheriffs’ 
Association, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the FOP, and other law enforcement organizations— national, State, and local organizations. 
in the sheriff’s office in Seattle, starting in a patrol car and eventually ending my career as the sheriff. I know from my own personal experience in serving those years that a cop’s mission is to protect their community. 
enforcement not only in the sheriff’s office in Seattle, but with the Seattle Police Department, all the police departments and sheriffs’ offices in the State of Washington and even across this country. I have had the opportunity to work with a number of law enforcement organizations—local, State, and Federal. 
with the heart of a servant. They come each day knowing that, when they put on that badge and that uniform, that they may not go home. They know that, but they do it anyway. 
take that risk? Why did I take that risk for 33 years? Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, I did come close several times in my career to losing my life to protect the community I served. 
Let me also say that I lost some dear 
friends over those 33 years. One was my best friend, Sam Hicks, who was shot and killed in June of 1982. Another good friend in 1984 was stabbed to death. 
It is a dangerous job, but it is a job 
they choose to do because they choose to serve the community. They choose to put their life on the line to protect and serve all of us, protect our families, our children, our businesses, and our property each and every day. 
There are good police officers and there are bad police officers. There are good mechanics and there are bad mechanics. There are good lawyers and there are bad lawyers. We all come from the human race. There is good and bad in all of us. So no police department is perfect, and no police officer is perfect, and sometimes things go wrong. They are required to make split decisions, lifeanddeath decisions. In a moment’s notice, you can have a gun pointed at you, and you have to make that decision: Do I shoot or not? Can I talk that person out of that gun? I have been in that position, too. Fortunately, I was able to talk that person out of his gun and took him to jail. 
when it does, police, rightly so, must be under the microscope. There must be public scrutiny. Cops know that. Police chiefs know that. Sheriffs know it, and we accept that, too. But when things go wrong and we watch these incidents and these events unfold over the media, let us all remember that police officers have constitutional rights, too. They are allowed due process, too. 
They are American citizens, too. They have constitutional rights and protections also. 
earlier, was read today, reminding us that we all have those constitutional rights. You are innocent until proven guilty. So when something happens that we think is wrong, let’s pay attention to the facts. Let’s let the process go forward; and then based on the facts—based on the facts—let’s work with the community, with the police department and the mayor and city council and change the policy, change the procedures, and make sure that it doesn’t happen again. 
service of the men and women, the brave and dedicated men and women who put that uniform on every day. I am going to name a few police officers from Washington State who, 5 years ago—and this is the 5year anniversary of the death of these police officers, gunned down, four of them gunned down while sitting in a coffee shop in Lakewood, Washington—paid that ultimate sacrifice, that ultimate price that we often hear talked about: Sergeant Mark Renninger, Officer Ronald Owens, Officer Tina Griswold, Officer Greg Richards, as well as Seattle Police Officer Timothy Brenton and Pierce County Deputy Kent Mundell, all from Washington State, all not with us today, all of their families missing them. 
Speaker, we need to come together as a community, as a country, as a nation, and recognize the service of these police officers across the country. I will end with the simple act that comes so easily for us with people who serve in the military, just a simple ‘‘thank you.’’ If you see a police officer today as you go about your duties, your day’s duties, please walk up and say ‘‘thank you.’’ Please tell them you appreciate their service. That means the world to them. 
Today, on Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, I would like to yield to a champion supporter of law enforcement, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). 
for yielding me this time and for scheduling this Special Order to honor the men and women who put their lives on the line every day, as we just heard from our colleague from Washington. 
America, 119 law enforcement officers lost their lives in the line of duty; 119 lives snuffed out. It was not because they did anything wrong, but they were performing their duty to protect you and me so that every night when we go to sleep, we put our heads on our pillows and sleep soundly. 
something about it that we think is just natural. There is nothing natural about someone who goes out every day 
and consciously gives of themselves and puts their life on the line for someone else. Jesus said there is no greater love than this, than someone who would lay down his life for his brother. And law enforcement officers do that every day. 
Yet sometimes when we get these incidents in America, we somehow forget that. We forget that they have husbands and wives and children and parents and sisters and brothers and friends, that they are people, too. They are citizens in our community, just like we are, and they go out every day to protect you and me and give us a quality of life that, as I say, we take for granted. So it is altogether fitting that we would take today and recognize them, salute them, recognize them, honor them, thank them for what they do for all of us. 
I hope that we won’t just do it for 
today. I hope we do it 365 days a year, because they are here for us 365 days a year. 
the First Congressional District of Alabama, I say to law enforcement officials in my district and throughout America: We thank you. We salute you. God bless you. 
say thank you to law enforcement officers throughout Pinellas County, Florida, and across the Nation. Thank you for your service and thank you for your sacrifice. And I thank your families. 
the community I have the opportunity to represent, as well as across the country, thousands of law enforcement officers serve and protect us, often at great sacrifice to their families and at risk to their very own lives. 
when Officer Charles Kondek of the Tarpon Springs Police Department in Pinellas County responded to simple a noise complaint. It would be Officer Kondek’s end of watch as he tragically lost his life at the hands of a gunman, a gunman whose actions represent the type of inhumanity that we entrust our law enforcement officers each day to protect us from. Officer Kondek was only 45 years old, and he is survived by, and his memory lives on through, his wife and his six children. 
Sadly, Mr. Speaker, this story repeats itself throughout communities across the country. The Nation witnessed, on December 20, in New York, two law enforcement officers who were assassinated by an individual with one intention: to take the lives specifically of law enforcement officers. 
Pinellas County, the brotherhood of law enforcement officers, the sisterhood of law enforcement officers who protect us each day understands, just like law enforcement officers across the country, the very risk to their safety and to their lives and the risk and 
In our county, we have lost a total of 
24 officers, including, in recent years, St. Petersburg officers David Crawford, Jeffrey Yaslowitz, and Thomas Baitinger, each representing a precious loss of life while serving and protecting us. 
And yet we find ourselves today listening to some, a minority in our society, who wish to give voice to those who undermine the very honor of law enforcement officers, who undermine the very sacrifice of our law enforcement officers, and who undermine the very danger that these law enforcement officers face each day. Instead, we should be rising to say ‘‘thank you’’ to the men and women of law enforcement, ‘‘thank you’’ to the men and women in our communities who protect and defend us. 
just that, to say ‘‘thank you.’’ Thank you to Officer Kondek of Tarpon Springs for his service, and thank you to his family for sharing him with a community that will forever remember his ultimate sacrifice. Thank you to the families of all fallen law enforcement officers, and thank you to those who continue to serve each day. 
I want to thank our local law enforcement leadership in my hometown of Pinellas County: Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri, Clearwater Police Chief Dan Slaughter, St. Petersburg Police Chief Anthony Holloway, Chief Terry Hughes of my hometown of Indian Shores, Belleair Police Chief Bill Sohl, Gulfport Police Chief Robert Vincent, Kenneth City Police Chief Kevin Matson, Largo Police Chief Jeffrey Undestad, Pinellas Park Police Chief Dorene Thomas, Pinellas County Schools Police Chief Rick Stelljes, Tarpon Springs Police Chief Robert Kochen, Treasure Island Police Chief Tim Casey, and Chief David Hendry of the University of South Florida, St. Petersburg. 
I especially want to thank all members of law enforcement in my hometown and those throughout Pinellas County who get in their cars each day and walk the streets, respond to crime, investigate crimes and respond to disturbances and ultimately protect us. I want to thank those I am privileged, within the law enforcement community, to call friends, officers from the Clearwater police force: my dear friend Detective Jonathan Walser, Detective Michael Stonelake, Detective Christopher Precious, Sergeant John Brown, Officer Bill Renfro, Lieutenant Juan Torres, and Lieutenant Richard Harris. And from the Pinellas County Sheriff’s Department, my friend, Sergeant Steve Wagner. 
Thank you to each of you. And I want to thank the Capitol Police officers who protect each of us here as Members of Congress and the thousands of Capitol visitors each year that are protected from threats that at times can be tragically real. Thank 
you to all who serve, from Pinellas County, throughout the State of Florida, communities across the country, and right here in this very Chamber. Thank you for protecting us. Thank you for serving. Thank you to every law enforcement officer for your commitment to duty, your service to your community, and your service to your fellow man. 
said, blessed are those who would lay down their life for their brethren. That is the oath—to risk their life to protect others—that our law enforcement officers renew each day. 
bless each one of you who put on the uniform of law enforcement, and may God richly bless your families. May God’s loving hands protect and defend each of you every day of your service, just as you protect and defend each one of us. Please know that this Member of Congress and millions of people across the country, including those in 
Pinellas County and Florida’s 13th District, including communities throughout our Nation, are forever grateful for the service of law enforcement officers, your service to your fellow man. So today, on behalf of millions of Americans, I simply say to each of you serving as law enforcement officers, thank you. 
thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding me this time. 
This week, I was honored and grateful to be able to vote for and help pass several bills that will improve the lives of so many hardworking Americans. 
original cosponsor of H.R. 3, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act. I am grateful to be pushing this bill across the finish line because the Keystone runs through the Fourth Congressional District that I am privileged to represent. It is a long overdue, commonsense piece of legislation which will create goodpaying jobs, will grow our economy, and will support more manufacturing and trade in this country. 
During its construction, it is estimated that 42,000 jobs will be created by the Keystone, and it will put more than $2 billion in the pockets of American workers. 
those 42,000 jobs are 12,000 more than the unemployed population in the Fourth Congressional District of Texas. 
indicated that he will veto the Keystone if it passes both Houses. I hope that this is just an idle political threat because, if it is not, then the President is intentionally harming the middle class Americans that this great job creation bill is going to help. 
won’t play politics with legislation that will provide opportunities to create jobs for tens of thousands of Americans to support their families. 
able to support H.R. 30, which changes the definition of a fulltime employee from 30 hours a week to 40 hours a week under the perversely named Affordable Care Act. 
impossible burden on individuals and small businesses in my district and across this country, and I am glad to be able to help pass a bill which repeals a terrible provision from a terrible law. 
I know the people that I represent in east and north Texas won’t be satisfied until we repeal every provision of the Affordable Care Act. 
I was sent here to Washington to deliver results for the hardworking people of north and east Texas, and these bills show that I am doing that, and it is what I intend to keep doing because, while these are great bills and I am proud that we passed them this week, it is just a start. 
the President’s executive overreach; to restore fiscal sanity; to secure our borders; to repeal all of ObamaCare; and, most importantly, to defend our great Constitution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
PELOSI ) for today on account of an unscheduled medical procedure. 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
date of the Terrorism Insurance Program established under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, January 12, 2015, at noon for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s 
Executive Office of the President, transmitting a letter notifying the Congress that the United States intends to join a consensus among Environmental Goods Agreement (EGA) participants to invite the Government of Iceland to join the current group of 13 WTO Members engaged in the EGA negotiations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
ESHOO , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C OHEN , and 
Internet Tax Freedom Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 236. A bill to provide for the exchange 
of information related to trade enforcement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
or denial of passports and passport cards to individuals affiliated with foreign terrorist organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
LEHTINEN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. M ENG, Mr. H IMES, and Ms. 
H.R. 238. A bill to amend title 17, United 
States Code, with respect to the definition of ‘‘widow’’ and ’’widower’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, Alaska, as wilderness in recognition of its extraordinary natural ecosystems and for the permanent good of present and future generations of Americans; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
ROYCE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. I SSA, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. C OOK, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. N UNES , Ms. 
with Disabilities Act of 1990 to impose notice and a compliance opportunity to be provided 
before commencement of a private civil action; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California (for herself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D AVID 
VARGAS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. M OORE , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. S IRES, 
Ms. L EE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. N ADLER , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. C LARKE of 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. M ATSUI ): 
H.R. 242. A bill to restore access to year 
round Federal Pell Grants; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
LEVIN, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
of the Environmental Protection Agency to publish a health advisory and submit reports with respect to Microcystins in drinking water; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for himself and Mr. LOEBSACK ): 
H.R. 244. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for pharmacy benefits manager standards under the Medicare prescription drug program to further transparency of payment methodologies to pharmacies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Armed Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 245. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to codify certain existing provisions of law relating to effective dates for claims under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 246. A bill to improve the response to 
victims of child sex trafficking; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
Congressional gold medal to Maya Angelou in recognition of her achievements and contributions to American culture and the civil rights movement; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 248. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the employer health insurance mandate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 249. A bill to amend the Act of June 
18, 1934, to reaffirm the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for Indian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 250. A bill to provide a permanent appropriation of funds for the payment of death gratuities and related benefits for survivors of deceased members of the uniformed services in event of any period of lapsed appropriations; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. R USH, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
SERRANO , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and 
H.R. 251. A bill to transfer the position of 
Special Assistant for Veterans Affairs in the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Office of the Secretary, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. R USH, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. H AHN, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. K APTUR , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
H.R. 252. A bill to provide housing assistance for very lowincome veterans; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 253. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the tax treatment of small business startup savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 254. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction for startup expenditures for business for 2015 and 2016; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 255. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for qualified manufacturing facility construction costs and to allow a credit against tax for qualified manufacturing facility construction costs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 256. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for equity investments in research intensive small business concerns; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 257. A bill to provide for United States 
participation in the InterParliamentary Union, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S EWELL of 
Alabama, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Ms. 
Interagency Working Group on Reducing Poverty which will create and carry out a national plan to cut poverty in America in half in ten years; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 259. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit for expenses for household and elder care services necessary for gainful employment; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 260. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide the work opportunity tax credit with respect to the hiring of veterans in the field of renewable energy; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 261. A bill to prohibit monetary payments by the Federal Government to employees, officers, and elected officials of foreign countries for purposes of bribery, coercion, or any activity that is illegal or undermines the rule of law or corrupts a public officer or the office such officer represents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Substances Act so as to exempt real property from civil forfeiture due to medicalmarijuanarelated conduct that is authorized by State law; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 263. A bill to expand and enhance existing adult day programs for younger people with neurological diseases or conditions (such as multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s disease, traumatic brain injury, or other similar diseases or conditions) to support and improve access to respite services for family caregivers who are taking care of such people, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 264. A bill to provide for the issuance 
of a semipostal to benefit the Peace Corps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. H ONDA , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. L EE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. F ARR, Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
H.R. 265. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to establish a public health insurance option; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 266. A bill to prohibit universal service support of commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service through the 
Lifeline program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 267. A bill to amend the Peace Corps 
Act to allow former volunteers to use the seal, emblem, or name of Peace Corps on death announcements and grave stones; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
and Nationality Act to encourage Canadian tourism to the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
property from being named after a sitting Member of Congress; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Carolina, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. B YRNE , 
Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. M CKINLEY, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. G UINTA , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. C LAWSONof Florida): 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of consecutive terms that a Member of Congress may serve; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H. Con. Res. 6. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the United States should provide, on an annual basis, an amount equal to at least one percent of United States gross domestic product (GDP) for nonmilitary foreign assistance programs; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
CRAMER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. L AMALFA , 
York, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
VEASEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. G IBSON, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. N EAL, 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. G OWDY , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. 
ZELDIN , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. R OEof 
Rules of the House of Representatives to require a reading of the names of members of the Armed Forces who died in the previous month as a result of combat; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself and Ms. WILSONof Florida): 
H. Res. 25. A resolution recognizing the anniversary of the tragic earthquake in Haiti on January 12, 2010, honoring those who lost their lives, and expressing continued solidarity with the Haitian people; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 235. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U. S. 
Constitution which gives Congress authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce . . . among the several States.’’ 
H.R. 236. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 237. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 10, 11, and 15 
H.R. 238. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 8 and Amendment XIV Sections 1 and 5 
H.R. 239. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
H.R. 241. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper 
H.R. 242. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 243. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 244. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to regulate commerce as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, as applied to healthcare. 
H.R. 245. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 246. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S 
H.R. 247. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S 
H.R. 248. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 249. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with the Indian Tribes. 
Section 2, Clause 2 in order the enforce treaties made between the United States and several Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 250. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 1 and Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 251. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 252. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 253. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 254. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 255. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 256. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 257. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 258. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequant amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 259. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 260. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 261. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
H.R. 262. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 263. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 264. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 265. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 266. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, section 8 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 268. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, section 8 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 269. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States which states: ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . .’’ This provision establishes the authority of Congress to appropriate funds, and place limitations and conditions on the use of those funds. 
H.J. Res. 11. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
stated in Article V of the U.S. Constitution, which establishes the method for enacting amendments to the Constitution. 
H.J. Res. 12. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
joint resolution is based is found in Article V of the Constitution, which grants Congress the authority, whenever two thirds of both chambers deem it necessary, to propose amendments to the Constitution. 
H.J. Res. 13. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
thirds of both houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states, or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress; provided that no amendment which may be made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first article; and that no state, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate.’’ 
H.J. Res. 14. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
GUINTA , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 32: Mr. K INGof Iowa and Mr. B ROOKS  
H.R. 36: Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , 
Mr. D UFFY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
BRADY of Texas, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. D IAZ 
BALART , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. F INCHER , 
Mr. F LORES , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
YODER , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G RIFFITH, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mrs. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. R USSELL , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
SHIMKUS , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. S TEWART , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. E MMER , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. B LUM, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. R OKITA , 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. C OOK, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. P OMPEO , Mrs. 
SCHOCK , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. B UCK, Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. W ALKER , 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. T URNER, and Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 123: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 125: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Ms. 
H.R. 132: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
H.R. 154: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
H.R. 160: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 167: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mrs. E LLMERS , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. J OYCE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
H.R. 173: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
LUCAS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
POEof Texas, Mr. B ARR, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. R OGERS of 
H.R. 185: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. H ULTGREN , and Mr. 
H.R. 191: Mr. M ARINO , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. A LLEN , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. 
H.R. 203: Mr. K LINE, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of 
H.R. 217: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. E MMER , and Mr. S MITH 
H.R. 227: Mr. J ONES and Mr. P ERRY . 
H. Con. Res. 2: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. K ILMER , and 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
the Committee on H.R. 37 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 185 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S121 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JANUARY 9, 2015 No. 4 