when Secretary of Defense Ash Carter testified before the House Armed Services Committee, I asked him if Congress’ debating and voting on an Authorization for Use of Military Force, 
If the 114th Congress, 1st Session, adjourns sine die on or before December 24, 2015, a final issue of the Congressional Record for the 114th Congress, 1st Session, will be published on Thursday, December 31, 2015, to permit Members 
All material for insertion must be signed by the Member and delivered to the respective offices of the Official Reporters 
of Debates (Room HT–59 or S–123 of the Capitol), Monday through Friday, between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. through Wednesday, December 30. The final issue will be dated Thursday, December 31, 2015, and will be delivered on Monday, January 4, 2016. 
None of the material printed in the final issue of the Congressional Record may contain subject matter, or relate to 
any event, that occurred after the sine die date. 
Senators’ statements should also be formatted according to the instructions at http://webster.senate.gov/secretary/ 
Departments/Reporters lDebates/resources/cong lrecord.pdf, and submitted electronically, either on a disk to accompany 
Members of the House of Representatives’ statements may also be submitted electronically by email, to accompany 
the signed statement, and formatted according to the instructions for the Extensions of Remarks template at https ://housenet.house.gov/legislative/researchandreference/transcriptsandrecords/electroniccongressionalrecordinserts. 
The Official Reporters will transmit to GPO the template formatted electronic file only after receipt of, and authentication with, the hard copy, and signed manuscript. Deliver statements to the Official Reporters in Room HT–59. 
Members of Congress desiring to purchase reprints of material submitted for inclusion in the Congressional Record 
may do so by contacting the Office of Congressional Publishing Services, at the Government Publishing Office, on 512– 0224, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. daily. 
defeating ISIL. Secretary Carter said it would be helpful because we would need to show the troops that Congress supports them. 
Two weeks ago, the Obama administration announced that it would be sending an expeditionary force into Iraq and Syria to fight ISIS. In his column last week entitled ‘‘Obama’s Quiet Shift in War on ISIS,’’ syndicated columnist Doyle McManus wrote: ‘‘If the first expeditionary forces succeed, as their record suggests they will, they will almost surely be followed by more.’’ I completely agree with Mr. McManus. 
Mr. Speaker, on November 6, my colleague JIMMCGOVERN and I, along with 
33 of our colleagues, wrote a letter to Speaker RYANurging him to allow debate on an AUMF on the House floor. We never received a response. Last week, JIMand I wrote Speaker R YAN 
another letter urging him to allow a debate on the AUMF on the House floor as one of the first actions Congress takes when we come back in January 2016. 
Mr. Speaker, President Obama continues to escalate our involvement against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. Our fight with ISIS isn’t going away any time soon, which is why it is high time Congress fulfills its constitutional duty and debates our role in the Middle East. As James Madison said: ‘‘The power to declare war, including the power of judging the causes of war, is fully and exclusively vested in the legislature.’’ The most important vote by a Member of Congress is to commit a young man or woman to fight and die for this country. 
that require urgent attention by the U.S. House of Representatives is the question of the extent of involvement by the U.S. military in the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. Given the recent announcement by President Obama of a deepening entanglement in Syria and Iraq, it is critical that the House schedule and debate an Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) as quickly as possible. 
Last week, the president announced initiatives that escalate U.S. engagement in combat operations in Syria and Iraq. Specifically, the U.S. will deploy a U.S. Special Operations contingent into northern Syria to be embedded with and to advise opposition militant forces in that region; and U.S. military advisors and special operations forces already in Iraq will be embedded with Kurdish and Iraqi forces on the front lines of combat. Secretary of Defense Carter also stated that U.S. air operations in both Syria and Iraq will increase their bombing campaigns. Taken all together, these represent a significant escalation in U.S. military operations in the region and place U.S. military personnel on the front lines of combat operations. 
We do not share the same policy prescriptions for U.S. military engagement in the region, but we do share the belief that it is 
past time for the Congress to fulfill its obligations under the Constitution and vote on an AUMF that clearly delineates the authority and limits, if any, on U.S. military engagement in Iraq, Syria and the surrounding region. U.S. bombing campaigns have been going on for more than a year, and U.S. troops on the ground have been increasingly close to or drawn into combat operations, including the recent death in combat of a special operations soldier in Iraq. 
regular order, we urge you to direct the committees of jurisdiction to draft and report out an AUMF as soon as possible. We do not believe in the illusion of a consensus authorization, something that only happens rarely. We do believe the Congress can no longer ask our brave service men and women to continue to serve in harm’s way while we fail in carrying out our constitutional responsibility in the area of war and peace. 
As long as the House fails to assert its constitutional prerogatives and authority, the Administration may continue to expand the mission and level of engagement of U.S. Armed Forces throughout the region. We strongly urge you, Mr. Speaker, to bring an AUMF to the floor of the House as quickly as possible. 
Lee; Walter B. Jones; Peter Welch; John Lewis; Bill Posey; John Abney Culberson; Ryan K. Zinke; Richard L. Hanna; Thomas Massie; Ted S. Yoho; Ed Whitfield; Dana Rohrabacher; Justin Amash; Mark Sanford; Paul A. Gosar; Mick Mulvaney; John J. Duncan, Jr.; Matt Salmon; Rau ´l R. Labrador; Janice D. Schakowsky; Peter A. DeFazio; Charles B. Rangel; Louise M. Slaughter; Janice Hahn; Joseph P. Kennedy; Michael C. Burgess; Chellie Pingree; John Garamendi; Joseph Crowley; David N. Cicilline; John Conyers, Jr.; Beto O’Rourke; Daniel T. Kildee. 
Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
again to strongly urge you to bring before the U.S. House of Representatives an Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) related to U.S. military involvement in Iraq, Syria and elsewhere against the Islamic State. We ask that you schedule the debate and vote on an AUMF resolution in January when the 114th Congress reconvenes in 2016. 
and Syria continues to escalate. In both countries, U.S. special operations forces are engaged in frontline operations. Last month a bipartisan group of 35 Members of the House, representing a broad ideological spectrum, called on you to schedule such a debate as soon as possible. As that letter stated: ‘‘We do believe the Congress can no longer ask our brave service men and women to continue to serve in harm’s way while we fail in carrying out our constitutional responsibility in the area of war and peace.’’ We are attaching a copy of that letter for your convenience and review. In subsequent media reports, we were deeply disappointed to read that you do not believe that the 114th Congress needs to act on a new AUMF to wage war against the Islamic State, but rather that the 14yearold and 13yearold AUMFs approved by the 107th Congress under starkly different circumstances provide the president with all the authority he requires. We firmly believe that among the most important duties of Congress is that of debating and voting on whether to send U.S. armed forces into battle. On this matter, the Constitution is crystal clear: it is the duty of Congress to authorize such engagement. We believe that it violates our oath of office to continue to ignore this urgent and serious matter. 
AUMF to Congress for consideration and last Sunday he called, once again, on Congress to approve a new AUMF. It is now the role of the Speaker to direct the committee of jurisdiction to approve the Administration’s draft, or to amend it, or to draft a new version of the AUMF and to schedule that resolution for consideration and a vote by the full House as expeditiously as possible. 
an AUMF before the House in January 2016 so that the House may debate and vote on authorizing U.S. military operations in Iraq, Syria and elsewhere against the Islamic State. We look forward to receiving your response. 
meet our responsibility, we will become complicit in the loss of life among our troops. How many young 
children will have a loved one that doesn’t come home from fighting for this country? 
first one that I brought after we went into an unnecessary war known as Iraq. His daddy, Phillip Jordan, was a gunnery sergeant who was killed in 2003. The little boy’s name is Tyler Jordan. This is actually 12 years ago, and now he is 18 years of age. How many more children will have to go without a father or a mother or a brother or sister who lost their life in war? 
responsibility. It is embarrassing that we in Congress—I don’t even think we have a right to criticize the President, quite frankly. Let’s do our job based on the Constitution. Let’s do our job and debate a new AUMF or a declaration of war. Let’s meet our responsibility for the good of our men and women in uniform and their families. 
bless our Nation, bless our men and women in uniform, and, please, God, continue to bless America. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) for 5 minutes. 
next few days, the House could take up a tax package that extends a number of tax breaks permanently. The cost of such a package runs in the $600 billion to $800 billion range—none of which is paid for—ballooning our deficits in a way that reinforces a misguided double standard that investments in the growth of jobs and opportunities must be offset, but tax cuts are always free. 
cost. If we fail to pay for them, we will 
which in turn will be used as the catalyst for another round of cuts to the very programs I believe are vital to our economy and to our people. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I will oppose an unpaid for tax extenders package like this that is proposed, should it come to the floor. 
about this deal in greater detail, let me say that the package being discussed has a number of tax preferences that I and many others support. These include making permanent expansions of the earned income tax credit, the child tax credit, and the American opportunity tax credit launched under the Recovery Act in 2009. It would also provide incentives to businesses and individual filers for investment, research, charitable contributions, and teaching expenses, among others. Most of us support those efforts. 
where everyone gets something they want. But, Mr. Speaker, our children and grandchildren will get the bill. 
deal is that it further entrenches the false notion that offsets only matter when it comes to spending priorities. The direct consequences will be providing Republicans with the ammunition they need to propose even deeper cuts to the very investments that help grow the economy and create jobs both in the short term and in the long term. 
haven’t heard more of an outcry that the roughly $800 billion in lost revenue from this package is nearly the same amount as the $813 billion in discretionary cuts Republicans insisted upon in the sequester. It would appear that we are setting ourselves up for Republicans demanding the next round of severe cuts that harm our economy and our people, both on the nondefense side and on the national security side. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, we must move away from this dangerous pattern. 
that tax cuts pay for themselves by spurring economic growth, a theory that has been proven wrong, and, sadly, as I said, our children will pay the price for the deficits that have resulted. Others will argue that the effect on our deficits and debt of another $700 billion in unpaidfor tax expenditures over the next 10 years can be ignored because we would extend them every year anyway. While convenient, neither of these is a responsible position for governing. 
Monday, Maya MacGuineas, president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget—the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget—asked: ‘‘How do we explain to our children that we borrowed more than $1 trillion—counting interest—not because it was a national emergency or to make critical investments in the future but because we just don’t like paying our bills?’’ Our answer has to be not to justify 
the irresponsible behavior, but to correct it. And this tax extenders package will make that much more difficult. First, this package undermines Congress’ ability to invest in creating jobs and opportunities that make the American Dream possible for millions of families. 
for them, there are consequences. Every dollar in lost revenue is a dollar that must be made up somewhere else in the budget. As I said earlier, these unpaidfor tax extenders will set the table for further Republican attempts to slash critical investments in our Nation’s future. 
our ability to restore fiscal stability by making it less likely that we will be able to protect the future sustainability of entitlement programs like Medicare and Social Security. 
Republican budgets proposed trillions of dollars in cuts to health programs for seniors and the most vulnerable in our society. Worsening our deficit outlook by passing this bill invites them to continue that tack. 
most critical retirement and health programs—a challenge driven by the retirement of the baby boom generation and the looming effect of compound interest on our debt—my Republican friends continue to offer budget proposals that severely cut benefits for seniors and the most vulnerable Americans and they try to justify doing so because our deficits are too high. Their proposal would exacerbate that by about $1 trillion, as Maya MacGuineas said. Here we are, though, about to consider proposals to raise the deficits even higher. 
Thirdly, Mr. Speaker, this type of unpaidfor, permanent extension will undercut our economic competitiveness by making comprehensive tax reform more difficult to achieve, not easier. We need comprehensive tax reform, and this will make it more difficult. Locking in preferences while lowering the revenue baseline by more than half a trillion dollars will ensure a plunge into further debt. 
that the business community would much prefer to see rates go down through comprehensive reform than simply an extension of individual preferences. This bill promises them both— more preferences and lower rates—at the cost of deficits, debt, and diminished investment in our economic competitiveness. 
this tax extenders package that I, as I said before, would like to make permanent. I wish we could make them even better, in fact. For instance, the child tax credit should be structured to keep 
up with inflation so those working the hardest to get by don’t continue to see their resources dwindle year after year. 
MacGuineas when she highlighted this important point in her oped when she 
said: ‘‘Most of the extensions under consideration are sensible enough policy—and their merit is an argument for paying for them.’’ 
I couldn’t agree more. This tax extenders package, itself, serves as a powerful argument for Democrats and Republicans to come together to achieve that which we really need: comprehensive tax reform. 
agree we need shortterm certainty for tax filers before the end of the year, I believe the price this package would have us pay is too steep and too irresponsible in the short term and in the longer term. Instead, we could provide that same immediate certainty with a simple 2year extension. That is what we ought to do. 
think carefully about the longterm impact and consequences of this tax extenders package on the ability to create jobs and opportunities, grow our economy, invest in strengthening our security, reduce our Nation’s debt, and balance our budget. 
that this Congress and our people expect us to do better. We have a responsibility to our country and to our children to do better. Let’s do it. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize Anderson Trucking Service for their impressive 60 years of business. 
Harold Anderson, grew up in the transportation industry and began hauling granite with his father. In those early years, Harold developed a strong interest in machinery and driving. So it was no surprise when he chose to pursue a career in trucking. 
Trucking Service after he returned home from World War II. The company is now run by Harold’s sons, Rollie and Jim, as well as his grandsons, Brent and Scott. 
has grown and prospered, but the Anderson family has never forgotten their roots. The company and the Anderson family represent the best St. Cloud and central Minnesota have to offer. The customer service of Anderson Trucking is only matched by the community service provided by the Andersons and their great employees. 
Today Anderson Trucking has thousands of rigs, hundreds of drivers, and has driven millions of miles. The Andersons, however, do not just measure success by the number of miles driven or the number of deliveries made, but also by the high level of the customer service that the company provides. 
For the past 6 decades, this international transportation company has successfully and safely delivered freight to their valued customers. 
We look forward to seeing the continued success of Anderson Trucking for this generation and generations to come. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize Preferred Credit, Inc., of St. Cloud, Minnesota, for winning a Torch Award for Ethics from the Minnesota Better Business Bureau. 
St. Cloud in 1982 and quickly realized their goal of becoming one of the preferred finance companies for the direct sales industry throughout the United States. This outstanding Minnesota company accomplished this goal by giving their clients the best possible customer service and building strong, personal relationships. 
success is evidence of how deserving they are of this award. The Torch Awards are meant to recognize companies that go above and beyond for their customers, employees, vendors, and community. 
I would like to congratulate Preferred Credit, Incorporated, for receiving this prestigious award and for representing what Minnesota is all about. 
contributed to the St. Cloud community and to the great State of Minnesota. We would not be where we are today without great businesses like yours. 
Yellen, recently said that small community banks really are suffering from regulatory overload. I absolutely agree. 
House Financial Services Committee and I sent a letter to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, better known as the CFPB, regarding the most recent addition to the pile of regulations harming consumers and community financial institutions, the newly revised Regulation C. 
and credit unions to collect new personal data on loan applications beginning January 1, 2018. This regulation essentially doubles the current requirements triggered by DoddFrank. 
The CFPB, without adequate justification of need, now wants personal information, including business or commercial information, property values, property addresses, credit scores, and interest rates. This appears to be a government agency fishing expedition 
that should raise serious concerns relating to our personal privacy and liberties. 
hurdle means community financial institutions will have to allocate more of their limited resources to deal with Washington’s red tape, rather than providing loans to families and businesses in Minnesota. 
It is my hope that the CFPB will exempt small community financial institutions from this new burden, or we will have to work to draft legislation that will help our small community banks in Minnesota because, as I often say, Mr. Speaker, what is good for Minnesota is good for America. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and I stand in the well of the House as a proud American. 
I love my country, Mr. Speaker. Because I love my country, I have tried not to forget those who go to distant places, those who go into harm’s way. They do it because they love the country. Many of them do not come back the same way they left, Mr. Speaker. They are the men and women who serve in our military. I never want to forget the sacrifices that they make. 
have taken up and for the many times that they have left their homes and their loved ones to stand up for liberty and justice for all, to make real the great American ideals, and to provide us the safety and security that we have today. 
well of the House, Mr. Speaker, to announce my solidarity for justice, my solidarity with the Muslim community for justice, because I understand what it is like to be a part of a community that is treated unjustly. 
United States of America. I know what it is like to go to the back door. I know what it is like to drink from filthy ‘‘colored’’ water fountains. I know what injustice looks like. I have seen its face. I know what it smells like. 
only Blacks could sit. They were for Blacks only because there were other places for others. I don’t want to see anything like that, similar to that— anything that is remotely similar— occur to someone else. 
I am standing here today in solidarity with the Muslim community because of the injustice that is being perpetrated against Islam. 
a Christian minister. But I stand here to support Islam today, one of the great religions of the world. I do this, Mr. Speaker, because to demean Islam by adding the word terrorist with it is an injustice to the religion. Islam is a peaceful religion. No religion condones the taking of innocent lives intentionally. Let me repeat this. No religion condones taking the lives of innocent persons intentionally. 
This is why I am here, because I want 
to make it clear that Islam does not condone this. We should not be talking about Islamic terrorists. Why not call them what they are: people who commit dastardly deeds. If you do it in the name of a religion, that doesn’t make what you do a part of the religion. People ought not be found guilty by their affiliation with a religion. 
Qaeda, Daesh, ISIS, any name—is evil, and we ought to call it such. It is not Islam. We ought not, as a result, decide that we are going to bar all members of the Islamic faith from this country. That would be wrong, Mr. Speaker. To even consider it is something that I find repugnant: barring all people because of their faith. 
motivating factor behind all of this injustice that we see perpetrated by ISIL. They can claim what they want, but the members of the faith have spoken up. 
In Houston, Texas, we met just recently and discussed this at length. Every Muslim in that room denounced what was being perpetrated and perpetuated by ISIL, by ISIS, by any name— evil. We ought not do this to a great religion. 
justice for the Islamic faith. I believe that persons who are in harm’s way in Syria and in other countries ought to be given an opportunity to escape harm. 
was right. The Good Samaritan didn’t ask: What will happen to me if I help this person who is in harm’s way? The Good Samaritan posed the question: What will happen to him if I don’t help him? 
ourselves as it relates to our brothers and sisters. They are our brothers and sisters because there is but one race. That is the human race. 
live in harmony, to quote Dr. King. But the question we have to ask is: What will happen to them if we don’t extend the hand of friendship? 
to take the person to a place where there was shelter, where the person could receive some attention, and said to the innkeeper, if you will: Extend me a line of credit. If this person needs more than what I can give you today, I will come back and I will take care of my line of credit. 
leader of the world, the world leader, to make sure that we extend justice to Islam. 
Discuss Various Issues of Importance that Impact America, our Community, and Future Generations. 
1. Tahir Javid, President, Pakistan Association of Golden Triangle 
5. Mian Nazir, President, Pakistan Association of Greater Houston 
8. Shah Haleem, Chairman, Bangladesh Association of Greater Houston 
9. Khalid Khan, ViceChair, Bangladesh Association of Greater Houston 
11. Jamal Entlique, Vice President, HoustonAbhu Dabhi Sister City Association 
18. Latafat Hussain, Indian Muslim Association of Greater Houston 
22. John Shike WAA TV 23. Saeed B. Gadi, (P.A.S.T.) and Pakistan 
2. Tariq Khan, Pakistan Chronicle 3. Kamran Jilani, Pakistan Journal and 
4. Mahmood Ahmed, Urdu Times 5. Tariq Hameed, Geo News 6. Zahid Akhtar Khanzada, Geo News and 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WALKER ) at 2 p.m. 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for 
House as they work toward the difficult and complicated task of funding our government in a fair and equitable manner. May they negotiate with one another in good faith and trust in a shared love for our Nation. 
we approach the end of 2015. Help us to look to the future with hope, and committed to a renewed effort to work together for a united America. 
is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) come forward and lead the 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I appreciate Governor Nikki Haley of South Carolina for her decision to enforce the law and fine the Department of Energy for failing to process weaponsgrade plutonium, which the Department was statutorily mandated by 50 U.S. Code, Section 2566. While the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility is about 70 percent completed, it will not be able to meet the January 1, 2016, deadline establishing a $1 million a day fine up to $100 million annually. This was documented today in the Aiken Standard by SRS beat reporter Derrek Asberry. 
While other options have been examined using flawed, biased studies, they are not real alternatives because the MOX process is the only viable, legal option under our nuclear nonproliferation agreement with the Russian Federation. Additionally, it converts weaponsgrade plutonium into green fuel, promotes nuclear nonproliferation, and eliminates the need for a repository. 
commit to complete the MOX project in its entirety, as it promised the people of South Carolina, especially when considering the economic and environmental impact of storing the material. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed H.R. 2270. That the Senate passed S. 2044. Appointment: United StatesChina Economic Security 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 36 U.S.C. 2302, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council: 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York) at 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3654) to require a report on United States strategy to combat terrorist use of social media, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Combat Terrorist Use of Social Media Act of 2015’’. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on United States strategy to combat terrorists’ and terrorist organizations’ use of social media. 
plays in radicalization in the United States and elsewhere. 
used for counterradicalization and counter propaganda purposes, irrespective of whether or not such efforts are made by the Federal Government. 
media posts by terrorists and terrorist organizations to law enforcement. 
available to law enforcement and intelligence personnel that enables such personnel to understand and combat the use of social media by terrorists and terrorist organizations, as well as recommendations for improving or expanding existing training opportunities. 
TO COUNTER TERRORISTS’ AND TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS’ USE OF SOCIAL MEDIA. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains a comprehensive strategy to counter terrorists’ and terrorist organizations’ use of social media, as committed to in the President’s 2011 ‘‘Strategic Implementation Plan for Empowering Local Partners to Prevent Violent Extremism in the United States’’. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on the Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material for the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
support of this legislation, H.R. 3654. It is entitled the Combat Terrorist Use of 
The threats posed by Islamist terrorists have evolved, but the administration’s policies have not evolved. If we are going to prevent additional attacks, then the President must lay out a broad, overarching strategy needed to win. That strategy must include a plan to counter terrorists’ use of social media. 
social media to recruit supporters, to radicalize, to raise money, to spread fear. Two weeks ago in San Bernardino, California, 14 innocent people were killed, and 21 people were injured by radical Islamist terrorists. We know these extremists—husband and wife— used social media, with one of them making a pledge on Facebook in support of ISIS. This pledge was identified by Facebook and was taken down immediately. Yesterday, it was revealed that the 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security actually prohibited immigration officials from reviewing the social media postings of all foreign citizens who were applying for U.S. visas and that they only intermittently began looking at posts from some visa applicants. So imagine a situation in which you have people who are going to Syria, who are posting on social media, and you have a blanket prohibition on reviewing those social media postings. That was the state of the situation as we were trying to defend the homeland. 
Frankly, the failure of this administration to incorporate a review of social media posts into the visa approval process is absurd. Ignoring the online statements of terrorists who are trying to enter the United States puts our country at risk. This must fixed. 
This bill, frankly, is timely; it is important; and it forces the administration to put forward a strategy to combat terrorists’ use of this social media. In 2011, the President promised to create that strategy, but he never delivered anything. We are, simply, not going to defeat ISIS or other terrorist groups without combating their social media recruiting. 
SHERMAN , and myself last March, Twitter strengthened its policies to assert that statements threatening or promoting terrorism were against Twitter’s terms of service. Most of the other social media companies have similar user guidelines that prohibit threats of violence and the use of their platforms by terrorists. 
We need a strategy that clearly articulates our country’s goals, the responsibilities of each Federal agency, what role each one will play, a vision of how our government is going to work with the private sector, and a vision of how we are going to pull civil society into this effort. Without a strategy, the administration’s effort to combat terrorists’ use of social media appears to be disconnected, and it appears to be ineffective. 
strategy, we are going to need action. It is ironic that extremist groups have turned to Twitter, to Facebook, and to YouTube in order to encourage attacks on a free society when these companies would not have been created without there having been a free society, one which upholds free speech, free thought, and encourages entrepreneurship. 
the administration lays out how we will contend with these terrorists in their hijacking of the social network for their twisted purposes. We truly have, basically, a caliphate today on the Internet—a virtual caliphate, if you will, on the Internet. This bill by Judge TEDPOEis intended to force a 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE , 
2015, your committee ordered H.R. 3654, the ‘‘Combat Terrorist Use of Social Media Act of 2015,’’ reported. 
within the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. On the basis of your consultations with the Committee and in order to expedite the House’s consideration of the bill, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence will not assert a jurisdictional claim over the bill by seeking a sequential referral. This courtesy is, however, conditioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill or any similar legislation. 
letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the committee report for the bill and in the Congressional Record during floor its consideration. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 3654, the Combat Terrorist Use of Social Media Act of 2015, and for agreeing to forgo seeking a sequential referral of that bill to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. 
on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 3564 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
respect to H.R. 3654, the ‘‘Combat Terrorist Use of Social Media Act of 2015,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 3654 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously 
with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 3654 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3654, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 3654. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 3654, the Combat Terrorist Use of Social Media Act of 2015, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. 
on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this legislation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 3564 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
would push back against the use of social media by terrorist groups. 
Let me start by thanking Congressman POEof Texas for introducing this 
legislation. I am very glad to be an original cosponsor. I want to thank Congressman SHERMAN for his hard 
work, and I want to thank, of course, our chairman, Chairman ROYCE . This is 
tool at our disposal to meet the challenge posed by ISIS and other terrorist groups, and this bill will help us to meet them on the virtual battlefield, which is where they have been having such great success—on social media. Anyone who has looked at the situation over the past months or years knows that the one major difference is social media. Social media, of course, riles up jihadists and also enables them to surreptitiously communicate in 
terms of plotting terrorist attacks. We have to be one step ahead of them, and we cannot let them be one step ahead of us. 
important. I cannot think of a conflict in the past in which our enemies have been able to broadcast such horrific depictions of destruction and bloodshed, like we are seeing from ISIS. We all know the images of Mohammed Emwazi, who was known as Jihadi John, as he brutally murdered innocent people. Those videos spread across the Internet with staggering speed, showing everyone in the world the threat that ISIS posed and the tactics ISIS fighters were willing to use. Fortunately, the administration’s efforts succeeded in taking him out, but we know there are far too many who are waiting to take his place. 
foment fear and panic. ISIS and other groups have taken full advantage of Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and other platforms to spread their violent ideology, to recruit new fighters, and to radicalize members of vulnerable and marginalized populations. For example, as more and more information comes out about the San Bernardino shooters, it is becoming clear that Tashfeen Malik used Facebook to convey her commitment to violent extremism to overseas contacts. 
We need to find a way to deal with 
this challenge on social media without violating free expression or privacy concerns. It is going to require creative thinking, but I am confident that we can do it. We have to do it. We don’t have a choice but to do it. We have already taken some steps. I worked with Chairman ROYCE and with Representatives P OEof Texas and S HERMAN to 
push Twitter to make it easier for users to report recruitment efforts. This is a small step to help with one of the tools that ISIS is using, but they are constantly evolving, and we need to keep looking for ways to push back. 
in. This bill would require the administration to devise a strategy to combat terrorists’ use of social media and to foster greater collaboration between government and private sector companies to help identify and stop terrorist activities online. Again, we need to look for every advantage possible in taking the fight to ISIS. This bill would help us push back on one of the ways ISIS has achieved such a global reach. 
for his tireless efforts in bringing in legislation to the floor. I commend the chairman as well and Mr. SHERMAN . I 
support this measure, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), the author of this bill and 
want to thank Representative S HERMAN, on the other side, for cosponsoring this legislation; and I want to thank Chairman ROYCE and Chairman 
legislation that has come out of the Foreign Affairs Committee—bipartisan, unanimously voted on, and approved by the Foreign Affairs Committee, as much of our legislation is. 
three staffers who have worked on the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade—Luke Murry, Oren Adaki, and Jeff Dressler, who now works with the majority leader’s staff. These three individuals know more about terrorism, I think, than any three people on the Hill, and I want to thank them for their work not only on this bill but on legislation in general. 
As has been said, Mr. Speaker, terrorists’ use of social media has exploded over the last several years. A recent study by The Brookings Institute found that ISIS now uses 40,000 Twitter accounts. Terrorists use social media to do the following: to recruit others, to raise money, to spread propaganda, and to even train future fighters. 
terrorist organizations. We are not talking about a person who claims to be a terrorist or who we think is a terrorist. It is specifically dealing with foreign terrorist organizations that are designated by our government. 
Boston Marathon were in al Qaeda’s magazine, which was posted on social media before the attack. The al Qaeda affiliate al Shabaab live tweeted the attack on a Kenyan mall that killed 72 people. The al Qaeda branch in Yemen, known as AQAP, which is another terrorist organization, held a press conference on Twitter, allowing users to submit questions that were then answered by AQAP and were posted back on Twitter the following week—a conference call by terrorists. In October, ISIS issued a new instruction manual on how terrorists can use social media. Today, wannabe terrorists don’t have to go to the battlefield—to Syria—to get trained. They can get trained online—like receiving college credits—on how to be a terrorist and on how to be a fighter. 
Nationwide, the FBI is currently investigating 900 potential lone wolf terrorists in the United States. The Internet and social media serve as their playbook to carry out attacks. Since March of 2014, 71 people in the United States have been charged with crimes related to ISIS. 
but nearly all of them had spent time online voicing their support for ISIS. Later, they were arrested after their online posts drew some attention by 
administration released a report on countering violent extremists that recognized that online radicalization was a growing problem. The administration promised a strategy of how we can deal with this. Four years later, unfortunately, we don’t have a strategy, and we don’t have a plan. This is a problem because individual agencies are making their own unilateral decisions. 
This week, we learned that the Department of Homeland Security did not review the social media posts of Tashfeen Malik, who was granted a fiancee visa, but posted her radical views on social media prior to obtaining the visa. 
how to effectively counter terrorist messaging because it does not have the expertise of the intelligence community. The intelligence community approaches social media as a ‘‘capture everything’’ because it has not been made clear what it can do and what it cannot do. The FBI does not know how far it should push social media companies to prohibit them from allowing terrorist organizations’ content on their sites. 
strategy before we can effectively defeat the enemy on the cyber battlefield. Mr. Speaker, all U.S. departments really must be singing the same song on the same page in the hymnal about how to defeat foreign terrorist organizations that use social media— American social media companies. 
fairly decent job of bringing down terrorist sites, and Facebook has seen a drop in the number of terrorists that try to use their site, but not all social media companies have been as responsive to terrorism. 
Mr. Speaker, we already have technology that is used to make sure that child pornography is not posted online. Thanks to Hany Farid, the chairman of the computer science department at Dartmouth College, who invented a technology that is used with Microsoft. He said that we can use that same protocol that we do to bring down child pornography to bring down social media sites that deal with foreign terrorist organizations’ propaganda and their spreading of murder. Here is what he said: 
or engineering limitation. This is a business or policy decision. Unless the companies have decided that they just can’t be bothered.’’ 
So that is his opinion on how we can 
use this same protocol. This can be done. We can use the same protocol, and we can bring down those foreign terrorist organization sites. 
has been discussed, and some are concerned about that—because we are dealing specifically with foreign terrorist organizations. The Supreme Court has already ruled regarding that issue in 2010 in Holder v. Humanitarian 
Law Project that a foreign terrorist organization does not have constitutional rights in the United States under the First Amendment. So this is not a problem. 
In this 21st century fight against terrorists who are sophisticated and tech savvy, we have to defeat these organizations on all the battlefields: overseas, over here, and online. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
LEHTINEN ), the chair of the Foreign Affairs’ Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. 
thank the chairman and the ranking member, who lead this committee in such an able, expert manner and in a bipartisan way. I thank especially the author of this important resolution, one of our subcommittee chairmen, TEDPOE. 
Social Media Act. I urge all of my colleagues to support this important measure. 
known for their extensive use of social media, spreading their hateful ideology, inciting violence, and attempting to recruit susceptible individuals to their hateful and twisted cause. 
that we have heard today—like ISIS having over 40,000 Twitter accounts or that there are an estimated 200,000 pro ISIS social media posts per day—clearly, more needs to be done. These jihadists have become more and more tech savvy and are more adept at manipulating the tools of social media. Yet we in the United States lack any comprehensive strategy to counter their perverted ideology via social media. 
the administration could be stopping proextremists’ social media in much the same way that we now stop online child pornography. ISIS and other foreign terrorist organizations do not have free speech rights under American law. 
heard today, that our very own Department of Homeland Security maintained a policy that prevented the screening of visa applicants’ social media accounts because we worried about bad public relations; we worried about intrusions into their privacy, even though social media posts, by their very definition, are exactly that, reaching out to the public through social manners, meaning through public ways. 
any other foreign terrorist organization that uses Facebook, YouTube, or Twitter, every one that we are able to take down before action is being taken is one less chance for these extremists 
propaganda, and the administration needs to start getting serious about stopping it. 
This bill will require the administration to provide Congress—and, therefore, the American public—with a strategy to fight Islamic extremists’ use of social media, as well as require that the administration give us a policy that enhances the collaboration between the Federal Government and social media companies so that we can counter this troubling and dangerous threat. 
this bill. I thank our esteemed chairman and ranking member for bringing it to the floor in such a speedy manner. 
I offer my full support, and I urge all 
ISIS is working to bring new fighters into its ranks, recruiting candidates from South Asia, from France, the U.K., and right here in the United States. ISIS is able to cast such a wide net because they are taking full advantage of social media. We need to take this tool out of their hands, even as we press forward with our partners to fight ISIS on the battlefield. 
work more closely with social media companies and put together a strategy to meet this challenge. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I would say to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), you are 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, again, it 
was revealed yesterday that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security actually prohibited immigration officials from reviewing the social media postings of all foreign citizens applying for U.S. visas and only sporadically began looking at posts from some visa applicants. 
social media posts into the visa approval process is absurd. Ignoring the online statements of those terrorists trying to enter the United States puts our country at risk. This must be fixed. 
Destroying ISIS will require determined leadership. It is going to require Presidential leadership. And the President must use his authority as Commander in Chief to lead this fight to destroy ISIS—not to contain it—to destroy ISIS and other extremist groups. 
So it has been said that a virtual caliphate awash in hate and propaganda exists online. Yet U.S. Government efforts in this area are failing. A strategy to combat terrorist use of social media is one of many measures the administration must develop so we can win the fight. Promised in 2011, this strategy is overdue. 
that the administration deliver its strategy so that the Federal agencies can effectively prevent terrorists from using social media to spread hate, fear, 
I again want to recognize my colleagues Representative POEof Texas 
for their leadership on this measure, which I encourage all the Members of this House to support. 
Texas for his work on H.R. 3654, Combatting Terrorists’ Use of Social Media Act of 2015. 
threat to our homeland greater than ever before because of the viral spread of extremism on the worldwide web. 
liberties such as freedom of speech with our national security interests. 
utilized by Daesh leaders and their affiliates across the globe to reach, engage and radicalize—instantly and for free. 
One only needs to view the gruesome propaganda videos put online by Daesh with evocative music, clearly edited to inspire violence with imagery that conjures an ‘‘us vs. them’’ emotion. 
The worldwide web was intended as a platform to share productive and creative knowledge and ideas. 
The sensory impact of the violent propaganda video is so powerful that a powerful counternarrative is imperative. 
Through its online campaign, Daesh instantly gains access to vulnerable and impressionable minds, whether teenagers going through teenage angst or unemployed educated women and men who have limited economic prospects and feel disenfranchised from society. 
So what we have is a me ´lange of Daesh recruits, copycats and wannabes all inspired vis a vis the worldwide web, ready to carry on and die for an ideology they don’t fully grasp its gravity on them and their future. 
The evidence of this is tens of thousands of 
foreign fighters from all over the world who have left their homes and joined Daesh in Iraq and Syria. 
But then we also have those who do not 
even leave the comforts of their homes in carrying out their crimes. 
Part of what our government and governments across the globe must do is to fight back by cutting off terrorist bank accounts, Twitter, Facebook, Google and other social media accounts. 
Whereas money is the currency for compensating Daesh’s recruits, social media is being utilized as a currency and tool for engaging and brainwashing these recruits. 
professionalism of neutralizing Abu Salah who has been described as one of the most senior and experienced members of Daesh’s financial network and in fact has been referred to as the organization’s finance minister. 
I hope that our friends in Silicon Valley and 
the tech industry will join us in our fight against Daesh with their genius as we continue our collective efforts of addressing the role that social media will play in defeating enemies of the peace on the traditional battlefield as well as on the contemporary battlefield of the web. The past few months have been marked by 
senseless threats or actual violence and tragedy across the globe from the most recent details of the threat triggering the Los Angeles Public School District shut down, to the San Bernardino shootings, to Boko Haram attacks in Nigeria, shootings in Bamako, Mali, at the Bartaclan Theatre and other social venues in Paris, to attacks in Beirut, Lebanon and the downing of a plane claiming innocent lives of Egyptians and Russians. 
Violent extremism cannot be the ‘‘newnormal’’ in our nation and in our world. 
and make sure this is not our ‘‘new normal’’ it is important that we adapt to the capabilities of adversaries of peace through a multipronged approach, which is why I support H.R. 3654. 
to transmit to Congress a report on U.S. strategy to combat terrorists’ and terrorist organizations’ use of social media. 
comprehensive strategy to counter terrorists’ and terrorist organizations’ use of social media, encapsulated in the President’s 2011 Strategic Implementation Plan for Empowering Local Partners to Prevent Violent Extremism in the United States. 
plan seeks to protect our communities from violent extremist recruitment and radicalization. 
This is a top national security priority for the 
3654 facilitate the creation of a report which will enable our country in our efforts at combatting violent extremism through: evaluation of the role social media plays in radicalization in the United States and across the globe; analysis of how terrorists and terrorist organizations are using social media; recommendations to improve the federal government’s efforts to disrupt and counter the use of social media by terrorists and terrorist organizations; a classified assessment of the intelligence value of terrorists’ social media posts; and a classified overview of training available to law enforcement and intelligence personnel to combat terrorists’ use of social media and recommendations for improving or expanding existing training opportunities. 
Part of what the Bill seeks to achieve is information on our nation’s policy that enhances the exchange of information and dialogue between the federal government and social media companies as it relates to the use of social media platforms by terrorists. 
calls for our updated comprehensive strategy to counter terrorists’ and terrorist organizations’ use of social media, as committed to in the President’s 2011 Strategic Implementation Plan for Empowering Local Partners to Prevent Violent Extremism in the United States. 
and public sector to prevent all types of extremism regardless of who inspires it. 
be referred to as Daesh, Boko Haram, al Qa’ida and other extremists’ violent ideologues requires our coordinated social media, intelligence sharing, law enforcement and community engagement strategy that will enable us to thwart violent extremism, saving many American lives. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3654, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 536) supporting freedom of the press in Latin America and the Caribbean and condemning violations of press freedom and violence against journalists, bloggers, and individuals exercising their right to freedom of speech, as amended. 
independent and critical media in many countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, journalists in some countries are becoming increasingly vulnerable to violence and government harassment; 
Hemisphere Subcommittee convened a hearing titled ‘‘Threats to Press Freedom in the Americas’’ and Carlos Lauria, Senior Americas Program Coordinator at the Committee to Protect Journalists stated that ‘‘Scores of journalists have been killed and disappeared. Media outlets have been bombed and forced into censorship. . . . Censorship due to violence in Latin America has reached one of its highest points since most of the region was dominated by military rule more than three decades ago.’’; 
Whereas in 2014, Cuban authorities detained 1,817 members of civil society, 31 of whom were independent journalists; 
face sustained harassment, including detention and physical abuse from the Castro regime; 
government took steps to close the sole press freedom monitoring organization, Fundamedios, for exceeding its corporate charter, but the government relented in the face of international criticism and potential economic reprisals; 
by the government have become a means of institutional censorship; 
Protect Journalists, Mexico is one of the most dangerous countries in the world for the press; 
have been killed or have disappeared since 2007, at least 11 reporters have been killed since 2011, 4 of them in direct reprisal for 
Protect Journalists, at least 4 journalists have been killed in Brazil in 2015, many times after being tortured and having their bodies mutilated; 
blogger in the state of Minas Gerais who had been investigating a child prostitution ring, was found decapitated outside the town of Padre Paraı ´so; 
American States (OAS) 2014 Annual Report of the InterAmerican Commission on Human rights, journalists covering protests in Venezuela were subject to assaults, obstruction, detention, raids, threats, censorship orders, and confiscation or destruction of equipment; 
the 29th District Tribunal of the Metropolitan area of Caracas charged the journal El Nacional and its Chief Editor Miguel Henrique Otero for ‘‘reproducing false information’’ and was forced to flee Venezuela; 
rights commissioner reported that 8 journalists and social communicators were killed as of September, compared with 3 in 2013, and dozens of cases in which journalists reported being victims of threats and persecution; 
Report of the InterAmerican Commission on Human Rights Members of the media and nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) stated the press ‘‘selfcensored’’ due to fear of reprisal from organized crime or corrupt government officials; 
Whereas in Colombia, there were 98 incidents of violence and harassment against journalists, 30 were physically attacked, and 45 were victims of harassment or intimidation due to their reporting; 
sought to inhibit freedom of expression by intimidating, threatening, kidnapping, and killing journalists; 
reported that local media representatives regularly practiced selfcensorship because 
Report of the InterAmerican Commission on Human rights, throughout 2014, Guatemala presented accounts of cases of harassment and the filing of several criminal complaints against a newspaper that criticized the Administration; 
State’s Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2014 in Nicaragua, the government continued to use direct and indirect means to pressure and seek to close independent radio stations, allegedly for political reasons; 
State’s Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2014 in Argentina, a survey released of 830 journalists throughout the country indicated 53 percent of respondents worked for a media outlet that selfcensored content; and 
Whereas almost half the journalists surveyed said they selfcensored in their reporting on the national government: Now, therefore, be it 
and the Caribbean and condemns violations of press freedom and violence against journalists; 
the Caribbean to be vocal in condemning violations of press freedom, violence against journalists, and the culture of impunity that leads to selfcensorship; 
International Development and the Department of State to assist, when appropriate, the media in closed societies to promote an open and free press. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
forward this resolution, introduced by my friend and colleague, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SIRES), 
on the important issue of press freedom in the Western Hemisphere. 
Freedom of the press is the cornerstone of democracy. It is our obligation to promote and protect this fundamental right, particularly here in our own hemisphere. 
seen a troubling erosion of these rights in several parts of the Western Hemisphere at the hands of authoritarian, populist leaders, as well as violence against journalists by transnational narcotics trafficking organizations. 
discourse and dissent by intimidating and censoring the media. Hefty fines are issued for any reporting unfavorable to him or his policies. 
In Mexico, narcotics traffickers intimidate the press and violently target journalists to silence those journalists. 
naive rapprochement, a lack of free expression is underscored by the continued political imprisonment of anyone who dares to speak or write against the Castro dictatorship. 
This resolution is an important demonstration of our support for the fundamental right to freedom of speech and our belief that regional leaders in the Organization of American States need to do more to condemn what, in some parts of the region, has become the systemic violation of press freedom. The United States must stand with brave journalists who are on the front lines of exposing corruption in government. 
Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere held a hearing on threats to 
witness told the committee that there is now a growing regional trend of government persecution and harassment of journalists, as well as an increase in violent attacks carried out by state and nonstate actors with near complete immunity. 
I applaud Mr. SIRES and the chairman emeritus of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , for introducing this resolution and all who champion freedom of expression as a fundamental part of a vibrant, democratic tradition. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H. Res. 536. I want to congratulate my friend 
the driving force behind this resolution, and my friend from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ), who has cosponsored 
this resolution. The two of them have really worked very, very hard through the years to raise this issue, and it is good that we are taking up this measure now. 
that a free and open press is the cornerstone of a strong democracy. We count on the press to hold leaders accountable and shine a light on the challenges facing our country. The work of a free press goes hand in hand with the representative government we practice in this Chamber. 
As government officials, we have tremendous respect for our friends in the socalled fourth estate. So it is especially troubling when we see governments right here in our hemisphere try to silence this critical institution. 
President Obama said ‘‘in too many places around the world, a free press is under attack by governments that want to avoid the truth or mistrust the ability of citizens to make their own decisions.’’ 
freedom is particularly acute right here in our own hemisphere. That is why I am so glad, as I mentioned before, that my friends, Mr. SIRES, ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, and Ms. ROS 
chair, introduced this measure condemning violations of press freedom and violence against journalists in Latin America and the Caribbean. 
leaders on the Western Hemisphere in our Congress and are never shy to speak up when individuals’ rights are in danger. I used to be the chairman of the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere; so, I have seen this problem firsthand. 
speak out when electoral democracy is at risk. That is great. But, unfortunately, those leaders fall silent when it comes to the more subtle challenges to democracy, particularly violations of 
Ecuadorian Government threatened to close down a press freedom monitoring organization known as Fundamedios. Chairman ROYCE and I joined many in 
the international community in condemning this effort. Fortunately, President Correa relented in the face of international condemnation. 
Still, attacks on press freedom in Ecuador are a daily problem, creating a hostile environment for journalists trying to do their jobs. A 2013 communications law put in place fines and sanctions for the press. So it is no surprise that Freedom House rated Ecuador’s press as not free this year. The list goes on and on. 
targeted by politically motivated lawsuits. That is why it is such a miracle, what we saw this past week or so with the Venezuelan elections. 
lack of press freedom, despite going after people who would raise the truth, the Venezuelan people weren’t fooled and voted overwhelmingly against the current oppressive regime. 
That is good. It is good to see. But we 
need to make sure that free press really exists not only in places like Venezuela, but in Cuba, where the government has rounded up and detained independent journalists just for reporting the reality on the ground. Just for reporting the truth in Cuba, you get rounded up and detained. 
In Mexico, drug trafficking organizations have brutally murdered many of those who report on their violent activities. Just last week, the editor of a Mexican newspaper called El Manana explained to The Washington Post that submitting to drug traffickers’ demands is the only way to stay alive. He said: ‘‘You do it or you die, and nobody wants to die. Selfcensorship—that’s our shield.’’ And in Colombia and Honduras, journalism remains a dangerous profession. 
abuses and the scourge of violence against journalists. It reaffirms the important role a free press plays in open societies, and it urges these governments in the region to do much more to provide protection to those journalists under threat. 
supporting this resolution. I again compliment Mr. SIRES and Ms. R OS 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ), chair of 
the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the primary cosponsor of this resolution. 
thank the chairman of our committee, again, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), and the ranking member, the gentleman from New York (Mr. 
resolution to the floor in such a speedy manner. 
legislative brother, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SIRES), for bringing forward House Resolution 536, which is a resolution to support freedom of the press in Latin America and the Caribbean and condemning violations of press freedoms and violence against journalists, bloggers, and individuals who are exercising their right to freedom of speech. I am honored to be the Republican lead on Mr. SIRES’ 
all over Latin America, Mr. Speaker, by rogue regimes that seek to quash dissenters in any way that they can. 
Earlier this year we held a subcommittee hearing, as the chairman pointed out, on this very subject of the threat to press freedom. Carlos Ponce of Freedom House stated that, when it comes to press freedom, only three countries in Latin America were rated free by this organization. 
Out of all of the countries in Latin America, only three could be labeled as free when it comes to freedom of the press. 
Venezuela, Ecuador, Nicaragua, and Cuba taking steps to muzzle broadcast and print media into submission, leaving journalists and editors no choice but to selfcensor their very own content. 
Responsabilidad Social en Radio y Television, or Law of Social Responsibility in Radio and Television, has provided the legal framework to quash and censor the press, and its provisions have been replicated by Ecuador and other countries in the region. 
Due to the provisions in this law, television stations and newspapers have been bullied by the regime or forced to sell their outlets. In the case of RCTV, broadcasts were suspended by the Venezuelan regime. 
Owners of Globovision and El Universal, both critical of the regime, were forced to sell their outlets to business interests with close ties to the regime. 
Ecuador faces equally daunting challenges to press freedoms. A large number of journalists are being sued. Watchdogs such as Fundamedios are being harassed constantly. Newspapers such as El Universo are being fined for running articles that are not in agreement with the regime. 
also restricted media outlets by making it difficult for journalists to operate. With the recent promulgation by the Law of Sovereign Security, it has nearly ensured a muzzle on all reporters. 
of Argentina and her court often demonize journalists and charge popular media outlets, such as El Grupo Clarin 
collective violence and terrorizing the population. These are actual charges. 
the region, is one of the most dangerous countries for journalists. This year alone, six journalists were killed in direct connection to their journalism work. 
In my native country of Cuba, despite the misguided normalization effort by the Obama administration, the Castro regime continues to hold total control of information. There is no free press in Cuba. Foreign media outlets usually censor their own information because they don’t want to be kicked out of the country. 
honor of meeting a Cuban artist here in Washington, D.C., known as El Sexto, the sixth one. He was jailed for nearly a year for announcing that he would take part in a performance art that criticized the Communist regime leaders. 
to be jailed for almost a year. Citizen journalists who defy the Castro brothers on the island are regularly subject to death threats, arbitrary arrests, beatings, and torture by the repression apparatus of the regime. 
for basic freedoms in our hemisphere. Free and independent media are instruments to fight against the scornful, tyrannical regimes that plague our hemisphere today. 
ever vigilant amongst our friends and foes in this key moment in history for press freedom and freedom of expression in our region. 
This vote today, Mr. Speaker, overwhelmingly supporting efforts like the one spearheaded by our good friend, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SIRES), is a good place in which to 
I thank the chairman, ranking member, and Mr. S IRES for their work on 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SIRES), the author of this 
resolution, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, a good friend, and a great member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Member E NGEL , and all the staff for 
their support in promoting democratic values around the world and in their efforts to bring this resolution to the floor. 
Republican lead on this legislation. I also want to recognize the leadership of my colleague, Chairman JEFFDUNCAN , 
thriving democracy. It is the number one tool to hold people and governments accountable for their actions. In recent years, many organizations dedicated to freedom of speech and advancing civil societies have been trying to bring attention to the deterioration of press freedom in parts of the Western Hemisphere, specifically in Latin America and the Caribbean. 
Cuba has consistently been characterized as having one of the most repressive media environments in the world, with the Castro brothers controlling all aspects of the print and electronic media. 
and fined the media, shut down press operations, and even physically attacked journalists who were trying to expose the statesponsored crackdown against peaceful political dissenters. 
and Honduras, an increase in drugrelated violence and worsening security situations have created a culture of impunity, allowing violence against journalists and the press to go unpunished. 
deterioration of democracy as the Castro regime took over the island and systematically destroyed all aspects of freedom of speech and expression. There is a strong connection between the country’s democratic values and the freedom afforded to their press. 
speech and pushing back against those who seek to quiet dissenters should be a top priority when engaging our neighbors in the region. That is why I introduced H. Res. 536, a resolution condemning violations of press freedom, violence against journalists, bloggers, and individuals exercising their right to freedom of speech. 
This resolution condemns these violations and urges countries in the region to implement the recommendation of member states made by the Organization of American States, Office of Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Expression. 
This resolution also urges our administration to assist the media in closed societies to promote a free press. 
Res. 536 to help foster better protections for the press around our hemisphere. 
let me say that today we are talking about a particular challenge facing the Western Hemisphere. But let me say that we have seen a great deal in the last few weeks that we should be optimistic about. 
voters in Venezuela recently went to the ballot box to demand change. They did so in Argentina as well. So we see once again that, despite all of the challenges in the hemisphere, electoral democracy remains vibrant, but we have to keep working to keep it vibrant. 
not enough. We need to work in partnership with our friends in the Americas to ensure that every country has a robust democracy that includes a free 
and independent press. Most importantly, countries must guarantee the safety of journalists, especially as they courageously report in dangerous places. 
ROSLEHTINEN for introducing this important resolution. I urge my colleagues to support its passage. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for their support of this resolution, as well as the chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee, Mr. DUNCAN , and, of course, the ranking member, Mr. S IRES, the author of 
this resolution before us today. I thank them for the work they have done on the committee to bring attention to the troubling attacks on a free press that have plagued the Western Hemisphere. 
wrote in 1816: ‘‘Where the press is free, and every man able to read, all is safe.’’ 
This resolution is timely and important. I am proud of the work our committee has done to promote and defend freedom of the press, which is, of course, the cornerstone of democratic principles. The United States should— and must—continue to do more to help defend free expression across the Americas. 
the House Caucus on the Freedom of the Press, I strongly support H. Res. 536 and its condemnation of violations of press freedom and violence against journalists, bloggers, and individuals exercising their right to freedom of speech across Latin America and the Caribbean. Thomas Jefferson once said, ‘‘Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.’’ Those words ring true not only for our nation, but for all nations and all people dedicated to the ideals of democracy and committed to a democratic system of government. 
government or nonstate actors, the voices of journalists across Latin American and the Caribbean—voices raised to speak out against corruption, abuses of power, and criminal activity—are being silenced at an alarming rate. This cannot be allowed to continue. I commend the House of Representatives and the sponsors of this legislation for drawing attention to this issue, and call on regional leaders to take all necessary steps to foster, protect, and defend the inherent right of their citizens to express themselves freely, publicly, and without fear of reprisal. Every time this right is violated, the foundations of society are weakened. We must all be vigilant and unrelenting in our support of free expression around the world. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H.R. 536, as amended. 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOODALL ) at 6 o’clock 
ON RULES REGARDING AMENDMENT PROCESS FOR H.R. 1155, H.R. 712, and H.R. 1927 
the Rules Committee issued three Dear Colleagues outlining the amendment processes for two packages: the Sunshine for Regulations and Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2016 and the Fairness in Class Action Litigation and Furthering Asbestos Claim Transparency Act of 2015, as well as H.R. 1155, the SCRUB Act of 2015. 
the House the first week back in January 2016. Amendment deadlines have been set for next Tuesday, December 22. Bill text and more detailed information can be found on the Rules Committee Web site. 
staff if we can be of any assistance or if you have any questions. 
December 15th, I am not recorded on any votes because I was absent due to family reasons. If I had been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yea’’, on rollcall 694, passage of H. Res. 536—Supporting freedom of the press in Latin America and the Caribbean and condemning violations of press freedom and violence against journalists, bloggers, and individuals exercising their right to freedom of speech. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, December 15th, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 694. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H. Res. 536— Supporting freedom of the press in Latin America and the Caribbean and condemning violations of press freedom and violence against journalists, bloggers, and individuals exercising their right to freedom of speech. 
the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
CONVENING OF THE SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
to the desk a joint resolution (H.J. Res. 76) appointing the day for the convening of the second session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The text of the joint resolution is as 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the second regular 
session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress shall begin at noon on Monday, January 4, 2016. 
be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
OF CONGRESS TO RECEIVE A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
to the desk a privileged concurrent resolution and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
Congress assemble in the Hall of the House of Representatives on Tuesday, January 12, 2016, at 9 p.m., for the purpose of receiving such communication as the President of the United States shall be pleased to make to them. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
the Obama administration is making a push to get Congress to give the President the authority to waive a legal prohibition on U.S. contributions to UNESCO. If the U.S. waives this prohibition and resumes payments to UNESCO, it will erode our credibility, and it will give the Palestinians and the U.N. the green light to continue the scheme to unilaterally declare a Palestinian state without direct negotiations with the democratic Jewish State of Israel. 
If you add what our yearly contribution would be plus arrears, the American taxpayers, our constituents, could be on the hook for over half a billion dollars in just a couple of years. 
has worked to prevent the Palestinians from joining other specialized agencies at the U.N., but if Congress relents on this issue, the Palestinians will say: Let’s continue to bypass Israel and go to the U.N. for recognition. 
this waiver, Mr. Speaker, and I ask my colleagues to stand with me. 
today to honor the memory of two members of my community who lost their lives in the attack on San Bernardino. 
kind young woman. She was a graduate of the University of California, Riverside, with a degree in biochemistry. Sierra’s friends described her as always smiling and always offering an encouraging word. She loved to make people laugh. 
a selfless, gentle, and intelligent man. He enjoyed traveling, painting, and serving others, which included dressing up as Santa Claus for school pictures. He leaves behind his high school sweetheart and their two daughters. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday we remembered the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School; today we honor the victims at San Bernardino. My question to this body is: Will we do anything to protect our communities from gun violence tomorrow? 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to remember Rudy Escobar, an honored friend and veteran, who passed away on December 8 of this year at the age of 88. 
served as the commander of the Macon County Honor Guard in the service of central Illinois veterans. His dedication to his brothers and sisters in uniform was truly remarkable, and he will be missed by many in the Macon County community. 
Escobar worked tirelessly on behalf of his fellow veterans. After his service in World War II as a China Marine, he returned home and cofounded the Macon County Honor Guard, which has since performed over 3,000 honor ceremonies at military funerals. 
customary for him to voluntarily transport fellow veterans to and from the VA medical center in Danville, Illinois. He was also a member of the American Legion and the VFW posts. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Escobar was a loving husband, father, and grandfather; and most of all, he was a devoted veteran. His commitment to the military community will always be remembered. 
Valley, New York, March 13, 2013: Michael Ransear, 57 years old; Michael Renshaw, 51. 
2014: Katherine Cooper, 22 years old; Christopher MichaelsMartinez, 20; Cheng Yuan Hong, 20; Weihan Wang, 20; Veronika Weiss, 19; George Chen, 19 years old. 
Moore, 44; Jason Johnson, 33; Treven Taylor Anspach, 20 years old; Lucero Alcaraz, 19; Lucas Eibel, 18 years old; Quinn Cooper, 18 years old; Rebecka Carnes, 18. 
19, 2013: Greg Griego, 51 years old; Sarah Griego, 40; Zephania Griego, 9. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, this week the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, found that the Environmental Protection Agency broke Federal laws by promoting its highly controversial waters of the United States rule. 
Act needs clarifying, this rule would drastically expand Federal jurisdiction beyond the historical limits of the law and would apply to State and ephemeral waters. The rule would greatly increase the costs of permitting and trigger new environmental reviews and litigation. 
put on hold nationwide by a Federal Court ruling earlier this year. In its finding, the GAO said that this was an attempt by the EPA to spread ‘‘covert propaganda’’ by directing Internet users to the Web sites of environmental groups in support of the WOTUS rule. 
This illegal attempt to gain congressional support for the rule—and to sway public opinion—undermines the integrity of the rulemaking process, and it shows just how unprecedented this vast expansion of the EPA’s power really is. 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to remember the victims of the tragic terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California. 
woman from my district named Tin Nguyen. She was from Santa Ana, California. Tin was only 31 years old, and she had been working for the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health for 4 years as a food inspector, and she was planning her wedding to her longtime boyfriend when she was taken on that day of the shooting. 
At the age of 8, Tin and her family 
fled Vietnam. They fled a war, famine, and all sorts of terrible situations to come and find a new life in California. Despite the challenges of being an immigrant, Tin graduated from Valley High School in Santa Ana, and she received her undergraduate degree from 
gathered at Saint Barbara’s Catholic Church in Santa Ana to mourn the death of this young woman who was known for her incredible spirit and a heart bigger than the sun. Let us honor the memory of this extraordinary young woman. She gave so much, but her life was tragically cut short by these shootings. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
years ago today the States ratified the first 10 amendments to our Constitution. 
bedrock of our society; yet, even today we have seen them come under attack: 
by some who prefer not to hear dissenting opinions, forgetting that it applies to all. 
The right to bear arms is under constant threat from those who would prefer that only criminals are armed and that lawabiding Americans are defenseless. 
and seizure has come under attack from our own government, which believes we must sacrifice liberty for security. 
our Founders sought when they fled their homes overseas, is threatened by those who would coerce Americans to violate their faith in their daytoday lives. 
In every instance, the House of Representatives has fought to preserve these rights, but this serves to remind us that the struggle for freedom is never over, that we must always remain vigilant, and that freedom is but one generation from extinction. 
in celebration of the vision the Founders had. God bless them, and God bless America for having done so. 
(Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I am heartbroken and outraged over the mass shooting act of terror that took the lives of innocent people and left many others wounded in the neighboring community of San Bernardino. 
our Nation has to stop. I strongly denounce this act of terror and mourn for the 14 victims of this horrific tragedy, including Aurora Godoy, a constituent 
of mine from San Jacinto, California, whose young life was cut far too short. 
our memories as a tragic day for San Bernardino, the Inland Empire, California, and our Nation. In the face of this tragedy, however, true heroism shined through when law enforcement officials ran towards the danger, risking their own lives to protect the lives of others and when first responders tended to the injuries of the victims. 
men and women who risked their lives to save our community that day. Thank you to the men and women who wore the badge and took care of the victims. 
call on my colleagues and the American people to oppose the TransPacific Partnership, the TPP. 
every one before it, has been sold to the American people with the false promise of jobs in exports. By looking at America’s accounts, you can tell they are all in the red if you take a look at the gaping trade deficits out there and job deficits and the lives of people, how they have been impacted by every single trade deal that has been signed. 
October, and it had grown by $1 billion more than the increase from September. Experts estimate that $1 billion invested in this country creates 5,000 additional jobs. 
we have, we lose 5,000 jobs here. When your trade deficit is half a trillion dollars, it is no wonder we have a job deficit across this country. 
goods trade deficit with China has reached $324.4 billion, hundreds of thousands of jobs gone. The same with NAFTA, $9 trillion in deficit. 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise to honor the 99th birthday of a great American: Kirk Douglas. 
the paper where he didn’t receive gifts, but gave gifts. He gave a $15 million contribution to an Alzheimer’s home in California. He did this on his birthday. 
I found out that he has a long history 
of charitable giving in philanthropy. In Los Angeles, he created 400 different playgrounds, has given money to children’s hospitals, and taken a long effort to help people from all walks of life. 
I saw him also in a movie that I saw 
recently called ‘‘Trumbo.’’ I didn’t realize that he had stood up against blacklisting in Hollywood and had encouraged the hiring of Dalton Trumbo, a blacklisted writer, who saved his career from what was a scourge on the United States Congress and our history of free speech and democracy. 
I first learned all of what Kirk Douglas has done when I heard an apology for slavery and Jim Crow, and I found out he had been for an apology for slavery for years. He had an Internet site encouraging people to join a petition and lobbyists to pass an apology for slavery in this country. 
Douglas is the type of person we should emulate and honor. He has had 99 great years. I thank him for his efforts of charitable giving and for his philosophy of forgiveness and understanding. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) 
consider this week what Congress will fund through September 30 of next year and what we will not fund, the San Bernardino shooting, the radical Islamist terrorist attack there, has awakened a lot of people across the country. 
2015, by Ashley Pratte. The question is: Is ISIS contained or covered up? That is the title. 
Paris carried out by ISIS, Americans are on high alert—and rightfully so. Just hours prior to the attacks Obama said that ISIS was ‘contained.’ Americans everywhere are baffled by Obama’s continued ignorance and lack of strategy when it comes to destroying the Islamic State. 
former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, stated on The Lead with Jake Tapper that the White House knowingly ignored a 2012 report about the rise of ISIS because they didn’t mesh well with the reelection ‘narrative.’ 
Of course the President believes ISIS is contained, he has been willingly and knowingly ignoring reports about the serious threats that ISIS poses to America and to the world since it wouldn’t help him get reelected. 
the first reports we have heard from former Obama intelligence officials regarding the White House ignoring their reports on ISIS. This September The Daily Beast published an exclusive story by Shane Harris and Nancy A. Youssef, claiming that over 50 spies say ISIS intelligence was cooked. These 50 intelligence analysts formally filed a complaint that their reports on ISIS were being ‘inappropriately’ altered by 
there truly is a ‘cancer’ at the highest level of command, Americans have a lot to be concerned about when it comes to national defense and security. According to the Daily Beast, the accusations being made suggest that a significant amount of people tracking the inner workings of ISIS think that their reports are being altered to fit a public narrative—echoing the sentiments of Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn. 
military and intelligence officials aren’t being listened to by the Obama administration simply because it doesn’t fit their narrative. Just yesterday lawmakers on Capitol Hill heard from the chairman of the Pentagon’s Joint Chiefs of Staff, Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, that ISIS is not contained, contradicting President Obama’s statements. We now have to question whether or not intelligence reports are still being ignored because of their inconvenience to the administration and because of the looming election year. 
‘‘Sadly, these reports from top military and intelligence officials aren’t surprising. Americans have noticed for a while that Obama’s statements on ISIS show how little he knows about the threat they pose or that he is deliberately ignoring the facts. A new CBS poll indicates that only 23% of Americans think Obama has a clear strategy for defeating ISIS, which shows just how little confidence Americans have in their commanderinchief. 
Paris attacks, Obama made mindboggling remarks at a climate change summit in Paris, where he made it a point to mention that he will beat ISIS by fighting climate change. 
‘jayvee’ team, it was never ‘contained,’ and it certainly won’t be defeated by resolving to end climate change, but it was a good narrative for the Obama administration spin to quell the fear of the American public. However, this narrative stands in stark contrast with the real narrative, the one being told by military and senior intelligence officials—the one being ignored.’’ 
And we have from the Center for Immigration Studies, Mr. Speaker, an ‘‘Analysis of the ‘Visa Waiver Program Improvement Act of 2015,’’’ this out December 14, 2015. 
tighten up the Visa Waiver Program, and it has been reported that this may be included in the omnibus—we will find out tonight—2016 spending bill as a kind of political replacement for the bill passed in November to tighten up the refugee screening. 
bounds for people who have visited—or who are natives of—Syria or Iraq, or state sponsors of terror to use the VWP. Another major provision 
tightens up requirements and certifications by countries to live by the conditions of the participation—including use of fraudresistant passports and strict timeframes for reporting of lost or stolen documents. 
author of the analysis, said, ‘Congress has at least decided to tackle many of the gaps and problems with the VWP, which has represented for some time the ‘soft underbelly of homeland security’; but there can be no doubt that the U.S. vetting for refugees and asylum seekers still represents a major national security risk, and remains an unaddressed problem.’ 
the exception to several requirements that has been carved out for countries in the Schengen visafree zone, which covers nearly all of northern, western, and central Europe, including hotbeds of terrorist activities in France and Belgium. Cadman writes that ‘this exception is the caveat that undoes the intent of the rule.’’’ 
note that we have got a lot more work to do here to prevent this President’s administration from continuing to allow people into this country without our ability to actually vet them and check them. 
of the Visa Waiver Program may only check one in three documents that are provided to them because they just don’t have time. 
we were unsafe, unsecure, that this administration won’t face up to the threat that radical Islam is, that most all of the country understands we are up against except the administration— they won’t mention the words radical Islam—and just when people think they are starting to maybe make the point and get the point across to this administration, we have the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security who stands up for the terrorists. 
places, and the title reads: ‘‘DHS chief: ‘Legal limits’ on scrutinizing immigrants’ Web postings.’’ 
The article reads: ‘‘‘We are dealing with private communications and things for which there is an expectation of privacy,’ Jeh Johnson says in an interview.’’ 
I am glad that the Secretary of Homeland Security understands that the Supreme Court says there is a right to privacy somewhere within the shadow of the penumbra of the Constitution— that is, the Bill of Rights. Yet he doesn’t understand those constitutional protections are not afforded to people who want to come into the United States. They are in another country. I can’t imagine this in anybody’s definition of our U.S. Constitution. No Americans in other countries 
are entitled to U.S. constitutional protections over there, and they are people who are applying to come in. 
there are really sharp folks in Homeland Security and in the Justice Department who are not under the direct thumb of the administration who know how to access it; they know how to check things; they can use search engines and can check to see what contacts and what pictures are out there. Are they pictured with a terrorist somewhere? Of course, that might get our friend Senator MCCAINin trouble; 
but, nonetheless, there is a lot of social media that can be checked. 
Here we have an article today, December 15, by Seung Min Kim: 
Johnson said Tuesday there are ‘certain legal limits’ that constrain federal officials from scrutinizing the social media histories of foreigners trying to enter the United States—a new debate that has flared in the aftermath of the San Bernardino, California terrorist attack. 
POLITICO, mark the first time the Homeland Security chief weighed in on the merits of reviewing social media in immigration cases. According to recent news reports, Tashfeen Malik, the female shooter in the California massacre, had posted extremist views yet still obtained a visa to the United States. 
this is again, not a comment on any particular case—that social media, Facebook, and the like can involve public statements, public postings, it can involve friending, and it can involve private communications,’ Johnson said from his office at the Department of Homeland Security headquarters in northwest Washington. 
‘‘‘We are dealing with private communications and things for which there is an expectation of privacy, and you’re dealing with U.S. persons,’ Johnson continued. ‘There are certain legal limits to what we can do.’’’ 
that people who are trying to come into this country are not U.S. persons and that social media ought to be used by Homeland Security to find out what kind of lengths people will take who want to come into this country. 
the best people working for Homeland Security and had not gone after him and attacked him, they would have learned—and I am talking about my friend Phil Haney, who was very adept at using social media to see if they had questions about somebody—what kind of contacts are out there on the Internet? What pictures were made with whom? What is posted where about this person? It is also important to have somebody like him who has spent time in the Middle East, who knows the language, who knows and understands moderate Islam, who understands radical Islam, who understands who the players are and who the imams are who 
are teaching radical Islam, who knows the groups that are teaching radical Islam. 
continue the investigation into Tablighi Jamaat, then he would have seen the ties that these shooters had. He would have found Ms. Malik’s social posting. One of the things he says 
would have tipped him off right away is that ‘‘Tashfeen Malik’’ is a boy’s name, and he is a bit of a hero in radical Islamic circles. If you know that, which I didn’t and he does, then you pull that person aside for additional screening. You pull that application and ask, ‘‘Why do you have a boy’s name? You certainly weren’t given that.’’ His example is it would be like a woman from America who was trying to get into another country with the name ‘‘George Washington.’’ Really? That is your real name? It would raise flags and questions and would cause you to do further checking. 
seen, if you become a whistleblower and if you blow the whistle on the Obama administration’s and Homeland Security’s deleting of documents and on their refusing to investigate radical Islam, then they will convene a grand jury to make your life a living hell until you retire, and that is only if they can’t find some little ‘‘something’’ to indict you of after they have looked everywhere and through everything. 
have seen what happens to people who are honest, who are honorable, who are trying to warn of contacts this administration has with people who have ties to radical Islam. I know there are people out there who say, ‘‘I wish you would use names.’’ Why doesn’t somebody in the mainstream media go get the pleadings from the Holy Land Foundation trial in the Federal court of the Northern District of Texas, and you will see a list of names. If there were somebody who were worthy of a Pulitzer anymore, he would take those names and compare them against the people who have access to the White House and the groups that have access to the White House and to the State Department and to the Justice Department and to intelligence agencies. 
blocks away from here—I can see their building from my window, and they can see mine—is on the list. Yet, it is CAIR that has—I don’t know if they have got a red phone or what they have got over to the White House; but when they get bothered or when, maybe, they don’t like a Koranic scripture or something that is being quoted in training material, they can just call the White House and tell them to get rid of it, and they do. They can call the Justice Department, for, after all, CAIR and the FBI were outreach partners. Finally, in 2009, after they were implicated as partners, coconspirators in funding terrorism, the FBI finally, in 2009, had to send them a letter, saying, basically, 
We had better suspend our relationship as partners, because there was all this evidence at the Holy Land Foundation trial that, actually, you are a supporter, and you are a coconspirator; so we are going to have to put that on hold for a bit. But this administration picked right back up. CAIR was certainly heard from out in California immediately after the shootings. 
seized on reports that Malik passed a trio of background checks during her fiancee visa application process in 2014 despite publishing social media posts that were openly supportive of violent jihadism.’’ 
Anyway, congratulations to the Secretary of Homeland Security. Americans can sleep well because Secretary Johnson is setting us up to have another Tashfeen Malik shoot more people because we are not going to, under this administration, check their social media to see if they have pledged allegiance to ISIS. 
This is from Todd Bensman, December 10, PJ Media: ‘‘America is Talking About the Wrong Refugee Problem.’’ 
problem we have been talking about, but this article points out a problem that, certainly, I and many of my Republican friends have been pointing to. 
The article reads: ‘‘A few weeks ago, the fangs came 
out when news broke that the Paris attackers were ‘refugees’ who had entered the European continent among thousands of immigrants. Elected Republicans and conservative pundits challenged the American plan to resettle Syrian refugees, and still are. 
‘‘But their bite is off mark. ‘‘As many as six of the Paris 
attackers and their leader were not resettled refugees of the sort President Obama wants to import into the country (three attackers still have not been publicly identified). 
with illegal immigrant asylum seekers, of the sort who routinely show up at the U.S.Mexico border.’’ 
friends on the U.S.Mexico border who know and who say we are continuing to have people from countries where radical Islam is a major problem—in the Middle East and in North Africa—show up at the U.S.Mexico border. Some of them are caught. 
don’t give the host nation a choice. They show up uninvited, smuggled, and often unknowable. They insist on being taken in anyway, pointing to our generous laws and traditions. 
‘‘At least three of the Paris terrorists—including main attack planner Abdelhamid Abaaoud—were what we would call Special Interest Aliens (SIAs). They infiltrated over the common European external . . . border at 
the U.S.Mexico border, camouflaged among many other illegal immigrants. Europe’s SIAs from Syria, Somalia, Pakistan, and many other Islamic nations are moved along their land and sea routes with the ubiquitous aid of human smugglers, just as they are to the U.S.Mexico border. 
known case of terrorist border infiltration by SIAs. Abaaoud was a Belgium citizen before he went to Syria and became a notorious Islamic State operative. He knew he was on the radar of intelligence services, and couldn’t come home the legal way unnoticed. So he traveled home as an illegal migrant under the cover of thousands of legitimate ones.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I know I have got people out there who have belittled me in the past when I have quoted from the FBI Director that we have people from radical Islamic areas who have camouflaged themselves. He had said that some of them actually changed their names to have Hispanicsounding names and that they tried to blend in. That is what the FBI Director says. People can belittle me all day long, but when the FBI Director—in this case, the former FBI Director—said that while he was Director, then, when those points are made, somebody needs to talk about them whether the country is going to make fun of one or not. 
2015, by Andrew McCarthy, titled, ‘‘After Jihadist Mass Murder, the CAIR’s Sharia Agenda Rolls On,’’ he points out just how CAIR continues with their agenda and what those who have studied CAIR, its contacts, its relations, what they intend is civilization jihad. That is our civilization they care to take over. 
of Homeland Security, now retired so he can talk about things that aren’t classified, discussed some of these things on Megan Kelly’s show. He was actually investigating Tablighi Jamaat, which is one of many organizations that are under the overall radical Islamic movement. As he has pointed out, Tablighi Jamaat means ‘‘society for spreading faith.’’ It is an Islamic global proselytizing movement with followers in over 200 countries. 
Jamaat is a terrorist. Not everybody in Tablighi Jamaat is a radical Islamist, but it should set off bells and whistles to wake people up when a relationship is seen. 
2005, it states: ‘‘After joining Tablighi Jamaat, groups at a local mosque or Islamic center and doing a few local dawa (proselytism) missions, Tablighi officials invite star recruits to the Tablighi center in Raiwind, Pakistan, for four months of additional missionary training. Representatives of terrorist organizations approach the students at the Raiwind center and invite them to undertake military training.’’ 
Tablighi Jamaat links to terror include: 1995, Benazir Bhutto coup attempt; 2001, John Walker Lindh; 2001, Richard Reid, the shoe bomber; 2002, Jose Padilla; 2002, Portland Seven; 2002, Lackawanna Six; 2005, London Underground Bombing; 2006, airline bombing plot; 2008, Barcelona plot. 
network of Islamist religious schools, with branches in Pakistan, Canada, and the United States. USA Today reported on December 12, 2015: ‘‘Nosheen Ali Irfan, 54, who lives in Karachi, Pakistan’s largest city, said she sent both of her daughters to study in Al Huda during summer 2014 but within five weeks became disgruntled by the teachings and discontinued the lessons. 
background but the teachings at Al Huda were ‘too radical’ even for them . . . ‘If there is an environment Jihadis (Islamic warriors) would come to recruit, it would be these kinds of institutions,’ she said.’’ 
Asad Chandia, an alHuda teacher in College Park, Maryland, who provided material support to a Pakistani terror group; 2012, four former students join ISIS in Syria; and in 2015, Tashfeen Malik, who was engaged in the San Bernardino attack. 
into groups affiliated with the Deobandi Islamic movement was stopped before it could have connected the dots, and that is where Phil Haney was going in. He was finding all these ties that Tablighi Jamaat individuals had with other known terrorists. In fact, he got a letter of commendation before Homeland Security realized, wow, he is finding people that have ties to this administration so we have got to stop him cold. 
2012, he was given a letter that said: ‘‘On behalf of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), I commend your outstanding contributions while assigned to the National Training CenterPassenger (NTC–P). Your display of dedication and effort in the fight against terrorism has been exemplary. 
have contributed to the continued achievements of the NTC–P. You played a key role by providing support to the CBP mission and the NTC–P lead role in defending and protecting our nation’s borders.’’ 
On further down, it says: ‘‘Additionally, your expertise and experience has been invaluable while assigned to the Advanced Targeting Team (ATT). Your research on the Tablighi Jamaat Initiative has assisted in the identification of over 300 persons with possible connections to terrorism. The assistance you have provided in the development of this initiative has been key to 
off and said no more looking into Tablighi Jamaat. You can’t do it because you are messing with people you can’t be messing with. Apparently, ties would come back to this administration. It is not hard to figure out. Just look at the Holy Land Foundation pleadings, look at who are listed as coconspirators in supporting terrorism, and look at whom this administration takes advice from. 
Denton, Texas, I have never met once, said: Yeah, God is in control, but just because he is in control doesn’t mean he wants us to lean on our shovel and pray for a hole. 
Mr. Speaker, God isn’t fixing this, despite prayers that God would fix it. I feel sure God is saying: Use what I have given you, and you can stop it yourself. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2044. An act to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
Transportation Board as an independent establishment, and for other purposes. 
reported that on December 11, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum’’. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 51 minutes 
House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, December 16, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3878. A bill to enhance cybersecurity information sharing and coordination at ports in the United States, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 114–379, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 2285. A bill to improve enforcement against trafficking in cultural property and prevent stolen or illicit cultural property from financing terrorist and criminal networks, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 114–380, Pt. 1). 
Ordered to be printed. Mr. DENT: Committee on Ethics. In the 
Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative JARED POLIS (Rept. 114–381). Referred 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3878 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. N ADLER, Mr. R OHRABACHER , and Mr. 
H.R. 4246. A bill to exempt for an additional 4year period, from the application of the meanstest presumption of abuse under chapter 7, qualifying members of reserve components of the Armed Forces and members of the National Guard who, after September 11, 2001, are called to active duty or to perform a homeland defense activity for not less than 90 days; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Cuban entrants are ineligible to receive refugee assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Stability Act to revise the reevaluation procedures with respect to determinations by 
the Financial Stability Oversight Council that a nonbank financial company shall be supervised by the Board of Governors and shall be subject to prudential standards; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Federal capability for civil investigations and litigation, regarding alleged police, prosecutorial, or judicial misconduct, under section 210401 the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 4250. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the statute of limitation for credit or refund for taxpayers who receive combat pay; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. C OLE, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. 
Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. J ONES , Miss 
BOST, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. Z ELDIN , 
H.R. 4251. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to ensure that the Secretary of Defense affords each member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces with the opportunity for a physical examination before the member separates from the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
extended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. V AN 
H.R. 4253. A bill to establish a grant program to help State and local law enforcement agencies reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism and other disabilities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
requiring grocery store employees to enter into covenants not to compete, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico: 
H.R. 4255. A bill to amend the Act commonly known as the Indian LongTerm Leasing Act to expand certain exceptions for longterm lease limits for the Pueblo of Santa Clara; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
repayment under the Federal student loan program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
THORNBERRY , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , 
Ms. G RANGER , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. S TEWART , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. R OSKAM, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. M EEHAN , 
and Iranian peoples as well as the global economy from Iran’s systematic abjuration of international legal standards on human and civil rights, its support for international terrorism, and the corrosive economic malfeasance of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, Ways and Means, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
NUNES , Mr. P OMPEO , and Mr. Z ELDIN ): 
against any entity with respect to which Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps owns, directly or indirectly, a 20 percent or greater interest in the entity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Mr. RIBBLE , and Mr. G ROTHMAN ): 
H.R. 4259. A bill to prohibit the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from establishing, implementing, or enforcing any limit on the aggregate emissions of carbon dioxide from a State or any category or subcategory of sources within a State; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. SINEMA (for herself, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C OFFMAN): 
in higher education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
the day for convening of the second session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; considered and passed. considered and passed. 
the War Powers Resolution; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
providing for a joint session of Congress to receive a message from the President; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
BYRNE , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. F ARR, and Mr. M CGOVERN): H. Res. 565. A resolution supporting the 
peace process in Colombia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 132, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
4261) for the relief of Max Villatoros; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4246. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4247. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause 
H.R. 4248. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of the Constitution states that Congress shall have power to regulate the regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 4249. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to . . . make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govenment of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 4250. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4251. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically clause 14 (relating to the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces), clause 16 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia), and 
clause 18 (relating to the power of Congress to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) 
H.R. 4252. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4253. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4254. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the power to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico: 
H.R. 4255. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4256. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution 
H.R. 4257. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of section 8 of Article I of the 
Clause 18 of section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 4258. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof.’’ 
Tenth Amendment: ‘‘The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.’’ 
H.R. 4259. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4260. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4261 Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 of the US Constitution 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 11, of Section 8, of Article I of the 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
Texas, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
H.R. 239: Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. Vela ´zquez, 
Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
H.R. 379: Mr. C OFFMAN and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 465: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 539: Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 699: Mr. K INDand Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 746: Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
H.R. 842: Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 911: Mr. F ATTAH and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 969: Mr. F ATTAH and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 986: Mr. H ENSARLING and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 1076: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ARNEY, and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1116: Mr. J OYCE , Mr. D ENT, and Mr. 
H.R. 1220: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. H UNTER, and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1258: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
H.R. 1457: Ms. M ENGand Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. K ING of Iowa and Mr. 
H.R. 2016: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2017: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 2278: Mr. J ONES and Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 2293: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 2411: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. T ONKO , and 
H.R. 2430: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G RAYSON , and 
H.R. 2515: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mr. K ELLY of 
H.R. 2737: Mr. T ROTT , Mrs. W AGNER , and 
H.R. 2759: Mr. G RIJALVA and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2849: Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. 
H.R. 2858: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. S EWELL of 
H.R. 3051: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Ms. M OORE , Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida, Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 3284: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. D OLD, and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 3339: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. V EASEY , 
Mr. B EYER , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 3355: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. W ILSON of 
H.R. 3411: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 3565: Mr. B ERAand Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 3654: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
H.R. 3706: Mr. P ITTENGER , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. B EYER , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , 
and Mr. B ERA. H.R. 3719: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 3790: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mr. R YAN of 
H.R. 3808: Mr. T IBERI and Mr. H UIZENGA of 
H.R. 3832: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mrs. 
H.R. 3880: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
H.R. 3886: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. K ILMER, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 3926: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
TAKANO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
H.R. 3940: Mr. B ERA, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. B UCK, 
Ms. P INGREE , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. 
H.R. 3947: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Ms. 
H.R. 3948: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Ms. 
H.R. 3963: Mr. J ONES and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 3970: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. 
H.R. 3990: Ms. L EE, Ms. S INEMA , Ms. 
H.R. 4018: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. R OONEYof Florida, and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 4138: Mr. D OLDand Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 4162: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
H.R. 4184: Mr. F ARR, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P OCAN , and 
BUCSHON , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
H.R. 4197: Mrs. B LACK and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 4209: Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. R ANGEL , and 
H.R. 4211: Mr. H IMES and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 4238: Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
RANGEL , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. L ORETTA  
H.R. 4240: Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. Pierluisi, Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H. Res. 14: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H. Res. 417: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and 
H. Res. 432: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
H. Res. 469: Mr. D IAZBALART . H. Res. 527: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H. Res. 548: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 554: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. M EEKS . H. Res. 558: Mr. H IGGINS . 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8647 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 2015 No. 182 