chairman of the Democratic Caucus, I have been directed to report to the House that the Democratic Members have selected as minority leader the gentlewoman from California, the Honorable NANCY PELOSI . 
Speaker, as chair of the Republican Conference, I am directed by that conference to notify the House officially that the Republican Members have selected as majority whip the gentleman from Louisiana, the Honorable STEVE  
chairman of the Democratic Caucus, I have been directed to report to the House that the Democratic Members have selected as minority whip the gentleman from Maryland, the Honorable STENY HOYER , and as assistant 
Democratic leader, the gentleman from South Carolina, the Honorable JAMES  
Speaker, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
of Maryland, be, and is hereby, chosen Clerk of the House of Representatives; 
That Paul D. Irving of the State of Florida 
be, and is hereby, chosen SergeantatArms of the House of Representatives; 
That Ed Cassidy of the State of Connecticut be, and is hereby, chosen Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives; and 
State of Oregon, be, and is hereby, chosen Chaplain of the House of Representatives. 
Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. BECERRA ) for the purpose of offering an amendment. 
an amendment to the resolution, but before offering the amendment, I request that there be a division of the question on the resolution so that we 
portion of the resolution providing for the election of the Chaplain. 
The Clerk read as follows: Amendment offered by Mr. BECERRA : 
That Drew Hammill of the District of Columbia be, and is hereby, chosen Clerk of the House of Representatives; 
That Wendell Primus of the Commonwealth of Virginia be, and is hereby, chosen SergeantatArms of the House of Representatives; and 
That Nadeam Elshami of the Commonwealth of Virginia be, and is hereby, chosen Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. 
The amendment was rejected. The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the remainder of the resolution offered by the gentlewoman from Washington. 
the well of the House and took the oath of office as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
QUORUM OF THE HOUSE HAS ASSEMBLED AND OF THE ELECTION OF Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I offer a 
inform the President of the United States that the House of Representatives has elected John A. Boehner, a Representative from the State of Ohio as Speaker, and Karen L. Haas, a citizen of the State of Maryland as Clerk, of the House of Representatives of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. 
a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: H. R ES. 5 
Representatives of the One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, including applicable provisions of law or concurrent resolution that constituted rules of the House at the end of the One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, are adopted as the Rules of the House of Representatives of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, with amendments to the standing rules as provided in section 2, and with other orders as provided in sections 3, 4, and 5. 
a nongovernmental capacity, a written statement of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts or payments originating with a foreign government, received during the current calendar year or either of the two previous calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. 
grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing; and 
any payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. 
redactions to protect the privacy or security of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears.’’. 
by striking ‘‘for the’’ and inserting ‘‘for the Chief Administrative Officer and the’’. 
striking ‘‘the oversight’’ and inserting ‘‘the policy direction and oversight’’. 
case of the first such report in each Congress,’’; and 
session of Congress, or after December 15’’ and insert ‘‘the last regular session of a Congress, or after December 15 of an evennumbered year’’. 
rules, strike ‘‘supplemental, minority, or additional’’ each place it appears and insert (in each instance) ‘‘supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting’’. 
XI, strike ‘‘used, or made available for use, as partisan political campaign material to promote or oppose the candidacy of any person for elective public office’’ and insert ‘‘used for any partisan political campaign purpose or be made available for such use’’. 
AGAINST CONSIDERING APPROPRIATIONS MEAS URES WITHOUT PRINTED HEARINGS .—In clause 4 
‘‘20’’ and insert ‘‘22’’ and strike ‘‘12’’ and insert ‘‘13’’. 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
Amend clause 8 of rule II to read as follows: 
Legal Advisory Group composed of the Speaker and the majority and minority leaderships. Unless otherwise provided by the House, the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group speaks for, and articulates the institutional position of, the House in all litigation matters.’’. 
employment, capital stock, and other macroeconomic variables resulting from such legislation. 
be prepared pursuant to section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and that causes a gross budgetary effect (before incorporating macroeconomic effects) in any fiscal year over the years of the most recently agreed to concurrent resolution on the budget equal to or greater than 0.25 percent of the current projected gross domestic product of the United States for that fiscal year; or 
Committee on the Budget for all direct spending legislation other than revenue legislation or the Member who is chair or vice chair, as applicable, of the Joint Committee on Taxation for revenue legislation; and 
not more than three days, if in the opinion of the Speaker the public interest so warrants, then the Speaker, after consultation with the Minority Leader, may reconvene the House at a time other than that previously appointed, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, and notify Members accordingly. 
statute that is proposed to be repealed or amended; and 
amended by striking ‘‘new officer or employee’’ and inserting ‘‘new Member, Delegate, Resident Commissioner, officer, or employee’’. 
‘‘Joint Committee on Internal Revenue Taxation’’ and insert ‘‘Joint Committee on Taxation’’. 
prescribed in this subsection shall be subject to regulations issued by the chair of the Committee on Rules and printed in the Congressional Record. 
UNITED STATES .—With respect to any memorial presented under clause 3 of rule XII purporting to be an application of the legislature of a State calling for a convention for proposing amendments to the Constitution of the United States pursuant to Article V, or a rescission of any such prior application— 
shall not be in order to consider an amendment to a spending reduction account in the House or in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
rule XXI shall not apply to a spending reduction account. 
considered in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union unless it includes a spending reduction account as the last section of the bill. An order to report a general appropriation bill to the House shall constitute authority for the chair of the Committee on Appropriations to add such a section to the bill or modify the figure contained therein. 
Hundred Fourteenth Congress, pending the adoption of a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2015— 
House Concurrent Resolution 25, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, as adopted by the House, shall have force and effect in the House as though Congress has adopted such concurrent resolution; 
appropriate levels as contained in the statement of the chair of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives in the Congressional Record of April 29, 2014, as adjusted in the One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, shall be considered for all purposes in the House to be the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels under titles III and IV of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974; 
(iii) all references in titles IV and VI of 
House Concurrent Resolution 25, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, to a fiscal year shall be considered for all purposes in the House to be references to the succeeding fiscal year; and 
(iv) all references in titles IV and VI of 
House Concurrent Resolution 25, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, to allocations, aggregates, or other appropriate levels in ‘‘this concurrent resolution’’ (or, in the case of section 408 of such concurrent resolution, ‘‘this resolution’’) shall be considered for all purposes in the House to be references to the allocations, aggregates, or other appropriate levels contained in the statement of the chair of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives printed in the Congressional Record of April 29, 2014, as adjusted in the One Hundred Thirteenth Congress. 
conference report thereon, if such measure maintains the solvency of the Highway Trust Fund, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2015 through 2025. 
decided in the negative, no further amendment shall be in order except— 
debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole; and 
the chair or ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their designees, for the purpose of debate. 
(ii) the chair of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform (when elected), on behalf of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Office of General Counsel to take such steps as may be appropriate to ensure continuation of such civil action, including amending the complaint as circumstances may warrant. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform (when elected), on behalf of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Office of General Counsel, at the authorization of the Speaker after consultation with the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group, to initiate judicial proceedings concerning the enforcement of subpoenas issued to such individuals. 
One Hundred Fourteenth Congress is authorized to act as the successor in interest to the House of Representatives of the One Hundred Thirteenth Congress with respect to the civil action United States House of Representatives v. Sylvia Mathews Burwell, in her official capacity as the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, et al., filed by the House of Representatives in the One Hundred Thirteenth Congress pursuant to House Resolution 676; and 
behalf of the House of Representatives, and the Office of General Counsel to take such steps as may be appropriate to ensure continuation of such civil action, including amending the complaint as circumstances may warrant. 
House authorizes Michael W. Sheehy to provide testimony in the criminal action United States v. Jeffrey Sterling in accordance with the authorizations provided to Mr. Sheehy by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the One Hundred Thirteenth Congress and the One Hundred Twelfth Congress. 
that the Government Accountability Office perform a duplication analysis of any bill or joint resolution referred to that committee. Any such analysis shall assess whether, and the extent to which, the bill or joint resolution creates a new Federal program, office, or initiative that duplicates or overlaps with any existing Federal program, office, or initiative. 
report from the Government Accountability Office to Congress pursuant to section 21 of Public Law 111139; or 
current law for the period covered by the concurrent resolution; and 
term ‘‘directed rule making’’ means a specific rule making within the meaning of section 551 of title 5, United States Code, specifically directed to be completed by a provision in the measure, but does not include a grant of discretionary rule making authority. 
provide access to any exercise facility which is made available exclusively to Members and former Members, officers and former officers of the House of Representatives, and their spouses to any former Member, former officer, or spouse who is a lobbyist registered under the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 or any successor statute or agent of a foreign principal as defined in clause 5 of rule XXV. For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Member’’ includes a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress. 
REPEALS AND AMENDMENTS .—To the maximum extent practicable and consistent with established drafting conventions, an instruction in a bill or joint resolution proposing to repeal or amend any law or part thereof not contained in a codified title of the United States Code shall include, in parentheses immediately following the designation of the matter proposed to be repealed or amended, the applicable United States Code citation (which may be a note in the United States Code), or, if no such citation is available, an appropriate alternative citation to the applicable law or part. 
designation of a location by the Committee on House Administration pursuant to clause 3 of rule XXIX, documents may be made publicly available in electronic form at an electronic document repository operated by the Clerk. 
THROUGH ACCOUNT OF ORGANIZATION .—A Member of the House of Representatives and an eligible Congressional Member Organization may enter into an agreement under which— 
may carry out official and representational duties of the Member by assignment to the 
House Administration (hereafter referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’) shall promulgate regulations as follows: 
repay a student loan taken out by the employee, under the same terms and conditions which would apply under the program if the Organization were the employing office of the employee. 
shall promulgate such other regulations as may be appropriate to carry out this subsection. 
term ‘‘eligible Congressional Member Organization’’ means, with respect to the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, an organization meeting each of the following requirements: 
Congress, at least 30 Members of the House of Representatives used a portion of the Members’ Representational Allowance of the Member for the salary and related expenses of an employee who was a shared employee of the Member’s office and the organization. 
House Resolution 24, One Hundred Tenth Congress, shall apply in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress in the same manner as such resolution applied in the One Hundred Tenth Congress except that the commission concerned shall be known as the House Democracy Partnership. 
preliminary review or secondphase review by the board shall be informed of the right to be represented by counsel and invoking that right should not be held negatively against them; and 
would deny any person any right or protection provided under the Constitution of the United States. 
the reading of the Constitution on any legislative day through January 16, 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
to a select committee of five members, to be appointed by the Speaker, not more than three of whom shall be from the same political party, with instructions not to report back the same until it has conducted a full and complete study of, and made a determination on, whether there is any reason to deny Delegates voting rights in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union in light of the decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in Michel v. Anderson (14 F.3d 623 (D.C. Cir. 1994)) upholding the constitutionality of such voting rights, and the inclusion of such voting rights in the Rules for the 103rd, 110th and 111th Congresses. 
Mr. M CCARTHY moves to lay on the table 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 230, nays 160, not voting 43, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart 
Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Hinojosa Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Napolitano 
Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Bishop (UT) Carney Carter (GA) Cartwright Crawford Farr Fleischmann 
Pascrell Sewell (AL) Sinema Stutzman Trott Watson Coleman b1507 
So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 3, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
No. 3, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
rollcall No. 3, I was detained in meeting. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
because of inclement weather and two grounded flights, I was unable to vote during rollcall 2—Electing the Speaker of the House of Representatives. I would have proudly voted for Congresswoman NANCY PELOSI of 
I was also unable to vote during rollcall vote 
3—Motion to Table. Had I been present, I would have voted against the Motion to Table. 
WOMACK ). The gentleman from California (Mr. M CCARTHY ) is recognized 
the hour to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), and I ask unanimous 
consent that he be permitted to control that time. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority 
Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from Rochester, New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ). 
During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the distinguished majority leader. 
for the hard work he has done in putting the rules package together today. 
rules to govern the 114th Congress and dictate how this House will function over the next 2 years. As you will hear over the course of this debate, they are a recommitment by the Republican majority to govern transparently. 
and the public have a chance to read bills before they come up for a vote, institute more accurate accounting for the economic effect of legislation, and restore the constitutional balance of power between the legislative and executive branches. 
can now proceed in tackling the challenges facing America today and pass legislation that creates jobs, grows the economy, and promotes freedom for all Americans. 
to thank the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the 
a sectionbysection analysis of the resolution as well as a July 21, 2014, memorandum prepared by the Office of the Parliamentarian for the Over Criminalization Task Force of the Committee on the Judiciary. 
113th Congress are the Rules of the 114th Congress, except with the amendments contained in section 2 of the resolution and orders contained in sections 3, 4, and 5. 
While failure to comply fully with this requirement would not give rise to a point of order against the witness testifying, it could result in an objection to including the witness’s written testimony in the hearing record in the absence of such disclosure. 
adds language to the Committee on the Judiciary’s jurisdictional statement with respect to the criminalization of conduct. 
The Committee on the Judiciary’s jurisdiction over criminal penalties and criminal law enforcement would remain unchanged. That is, the committee would maintain its existing jurisdiction over measures that create or repeal a crime, and over measures that alter criminal penalties with regard to crimes already existing in law. 
measures that alter the elements of a crime so as to criminalize new conduct and, in so doing, trigger an existing criminal penalty. This rules change is not intended to cover measures that merely supply the regulatory 
framework or address the regulatory underpinnings of the overall enforcement scheme. Past measures proposing merely to adjust the elements of such a crime—as opposed to adjusting the penalty for commission of the crime—have been out of the jurisdictional reach of the Committee on the Judiciary. Even though such measures have left the criminal penalty unchanged, they have nonetheless subjected new conduct to that criminal penalty. In other words, new conduct was criminalized. If the relatively rare practice of criminalizing new conduct within the framework of existing penalties is left unchecked, it calls into question the efficacy of the Committee on the Judiciary’s jurisdictional statement in providing a comprehensive look at criminal penalties and criminal law enforcement. Hence, a rule X statement of ‘‘criminalization’’ is the most appropriate way to address this circumstance. 
the elements of a crime—particularly in the context of a regulatory scheme and outside of title 18, United States Code—would remain the same, except that it potentially would be shared with the Committee on the Judiciary in some instances. In that respect, it is similar to the criminalization of new conduct accompanied by a new criminal penalty; this change is to ensure that it is the act of criminalizing conduct, and not just the penalties themselves, that gives rise to a jurisdictional interest by the Committee on the Judiciary. 
existing jurisdiction over any enforcement scheme that falls outside of the ambit of criminal law enforcement. Rather, it is to confirm that the creation of a new crime subject to criminal law enforcement is what gives rise to the Committee on the Judiciary’s interest, and not merely the establishment or modification of the penalty. 
For instance, the change is intended to address a situation analogous to H.R. 2492 of the 112th Congress, which addressed attendance at animal fighting events through amendments to the Animal Welfare Act— compiled in title 7 of the United States Code—and to title 18. That measure was referred to both the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on the Judiciary. Portions of that measure were later included in H.R. 2642 of the 113th Congress and addressed a type of animal fighting to be covered by the Animal Welfare Act, but did not amend the existing criminal penalty in the Animal Welfare Act and did not touch title 18. As a result, the Committee on the Judiciary did not receive a referral of that measure. 
Committees with jurisdiction over a regulatory statute will continue to exercise that jurisdiction, and the interest of the Committee on the Judiciary will extend to the creation of a new crime without a change to an existing penalty only to the same extent it would to creation of a new crime with an accompanying penalty prior to the 114th Congress. 
clarifies the Committee on House Administration’s jurisdiction over the Chief Administrative Officer. 
reduces the frequency of committee activity reports from two times per Congress to one time per Congress. 
current practice by updating the rule regarding supplemental, minority, or additional 
the point of order against the consideration of appropriations measures without printed hearings. This information is largely available through archived broadcasts, testimony, and other documents available on the Appropriations Committee’s website and the public hearings themselves. 
requires the Congressional Budget Office and Joint Committee on Taxation, to the extent practicable, to incorporate the macroeconomic effects of ‘‘major legislation’’ into the official cost estimates used for enforcing the budget resolution and other rules of the House. The subsection requires, to the extent practicable, a qualitative assessment of the longterm budgetary and macroeconomic effects of ‘‘major legislation’’, which is defined to cover legislation that causes a gross budgetary effect in any fiscal year covered by the 
budget resolution that is equal to or greater than 0.25 percent of the projected GDP for that year. This subsection also allows the chair of the Committee on the Budget, or in the case of revenue legislation the House member serving as the Chair or Vice Chair of the Joint Committee on Taxation, to designate ‘‘major legislation’’ for purposes of this rule. 
the House, in addition to employees, complete ethics training. 
The chair of the Committee on the Judiciary is also permitted to designate memorials from earlier Congresses to be made publicly available under the same procedure. 
the prohibition from the 112th and 113th Congresses against consideration of a general appropriation bill that does not include a ‘‘spending reduction’’ account, the contents of which is a recitation of the amount by which, through the amendment process, the House has reduced spending in other portions of the bill and indicated that such savings should be counted towards spending reduction. It provides that other amendments that propose to increase spending in accounts in a general appropriations bill must include an offset of equal or greater value. 
that titles III, IV, and VI, of House Concurrent Resolution 25 (113th Congress), as well as the allocations, aggregates, and appropriate levels contained in the chair of the 
Committee on the Budget’s statement submitted in the Congressional Record on April 29, 2014, as adjusted, will continue to have force and effect until a budget resolution for fiscal year 2015 is adopted. This subsection also provides that the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise allocations, aggregates, and appropriate levels for measures maintaining the Highway Trust Fund, provided such a measure does not increase the deficit over the 11year window and revise allocations, aggregates, and appropriate levels to take into account updated CBO baselines. 
the Budget Committee and creates a point of order. 
carries forward from the 113th Congress the prohibition of consideration of a concurrent resolution on the budget, or any proposed amendment to or conference report thereon, unless it includes specified information and estimates related to direct spending, including meanstested direct spending and nonmeanstested direct spending. The subsection also requires the chair of the Committee on the Budget to publish a description in the Congressional Record of covered programs 
the first 10 numbers for bills (H.R. 1 through H.R. 10) for assignment by the Speaker and the second 10 numbers (H.R. 11 through H.R. 20) for assignment by the Minority Leader. 
clarifies that term limits do not apply to members of the OCE. The subsection reaffirms that a person subject to a review by the Office of Congressional Ethics has a right to be represented by counsel, and establishes that invoking such right is not to be held as a presumption of guilt. The subsection also prohibits the Office of Congressional Ethics from taking action that would deny a person any rights or protections provided under the Constitution of the United States of America. 
Reading of the Constitution. This section allows the Speaker to recognize Members for the reading of the Constitution on any legislative day through January 16, 2015. 
From: Office of the Parliamentarian. Date: July 21, 2014. 
the Committee on the Judiciary is tasked with assessing the current federal criminal statutes and making recommendations for improvements. One of its areas of study is legislative jurisdiction in the House over proposals addressing Federal criminal law. This memo provides guidance on the rules of the House and precedents in this area. 
The Parliamentarian, acting as the Speaker’s agent, refers bills and other matters upon their introduction to committees pursuant to the jurisdiction of each committee as defined by rule X, taking into account any relevant precedents. Rule XII guides the Speaker in the type and timing of a referral. 
the absence of legislative history supplying any other meaning (Cong. Rec. Jan 4, 2005). This area of the committee’s jurisdiction is often manifested in * * * 
The issue presented by indirect criminalization can be found in examples spanning many different subject matters. One illustration is in the referrals of the Lacey Act, a frequently amended statute that regulates the trafficking of fish, wildlife, and plants. The Lacey Act is compiled in both title 16 and title 18 of the United States Code. In the case of H.R. 3049 of the 109th Congress (regulating the trafficking in Asian carp), the bill amended 18 U.S.C. 42 and addressed criminalization. Accordingly, it was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. In contrast, H.R. 1497 of the 110th Congress (regulating plants harvested outside the United States) amended various regulatory sections of the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 that have been compiled in title 16 of the United States Code. The bill extended the Lacey Act’s coverage to plants harvested outside the United States and any address of criminalization was indirect. Accordingly, it was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
A more recent example is found in the animal welfare area. H.R. 2492 of the 112th Congress addressed attendance at animal fighting events through amendments to the Animal Welfare Act—compiled in title 7 of the United States Code—and to title 18. The bill was referred to both the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on the Judiciary. Parts of the contents of this bill were later included in a larger measure in the 113th Congress—H.R. 2642, the Federal Agriculture Reform and Risk Management Act of 2013 (section 11311). The provision addressed a type of animal fighting to be covered by the Animal Welfare Act, but did not amend the existing criminal penalty in the Animal Welfare Act and did not touch title 18. The Parliamentarian advised that a referral to the Committee on the Judiciary was not consistent with past precedent. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
thank my friend from Texas for yielding me the time, and if I could just take a minute to wish everybody a great new session. It is good to be back. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
new course for this Congress, though, with the record of the past Congresses, we know we have a lot of work to do. 
careened from crisis to crisis, sued the President for doing his job, brought the House to new heights of dysfunction and closed debate with the most closed rules in a single Congress in our Nation’s history, chased nonexistent scandals in Benghazi and at the IRS, and, since 2011, had this House vote more than 50 times to take health care away from their own constituents. 
This legacy of dysfunction, of partisanship and prioritizing political games over the public policy has dealt the American people a bad hand. By governing this House in such a haphazard way, the majority has closed down the process and shut out the American people. 
Sadly, the majority is poised to double down on their partisanship and even reinvent the mathematics of public policy. By using what is called ‘‘dynamic scoring’’ to pretend that tax cuts pay for themselves, Republicans will require the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office and Joint Taxation Committee to use math that Bruce Bartlett, an economic adviser for both Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, called ‘‘smoke and mirrors.’’ This new math cooks the books in favor of the majority to pretend that the tax cut bills are revenue neutral. Time and time again, the falsehoods 
of dynamic scoring have come to light. The first President Bush even called this tactic ‘‘voodoo economics.’’ But even so, the House Republicans want to change the rules and inject their partisan ideology into even the mathematics which underlies our Nation’s public policy. 
Democrats will propose today two measures that would do immeasurable good for the American people. 
paychecks that they deserve, our commonsense legislation would deny CEOs the ability to claim tax deductions on incomes over $1 million unless their own employees get a welldeserved raise first. This would ensure that average workers share in the fruit of the Nation’s productivity, not just the millionaires and the billionaires. Today, as our Tax Code stands, CEOs get a break and their workers are left out. The CEOs get the money, the deduction on taxes, and we get the bill to pay for that deduction. It is destroying the middle class. 
the Stop Corporate Expatriation and Invest in America’s Infrastructure Act, which prevents U.S. corporations from renouncing their citizenship to dodge paying their fair share of taxes. It is time to stop rewarding companies that 
move overseas and, instead, use those dollars to create goodpaying jobs here at home and rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. 
the socalled tax inversions, we would raise an estimated $33.6 billion to invest in our roads, railways, and bridges which are falling apart all over the country. 
bridge in Bushnell’s Basin that fell into such disrepair that firefighters stopped using it for fear the bridge could not bear the weight of the engines. It endangered the safety of the people they were expected to serve. 
percent of the bridges have been rated structurally deficient or functionally obsolete, which is even worse. I wonder what the number is for the United States. 
This is an unconscionable state of affairs. Repairing the Nation’s highways and bridges is now, literally, life or death. We can do it with the Democrat proposals. We can, and we must. 
hope to be bringing to the floor in this session of Congress. We will debate them and ultimately pass them. That is what Congress is about, not a legislative branch that silences half of this Nation by bypassing the committee process and bringing to Rules emergency bills that silence the Representatives of half of the people in the United States. 
facing our Nation, a renewed call for true bipartisanship, and a culture of enlivened debate, and I promise that our side will be a willing partner. 
came to be, former Supreme Court Justice, the late Harry Blackmun, said that the Founding Fathers survived a ‘‘crucible of disagreement’’ to give us a more perfect Union. Forging through that crucible is not only good for the legislative branch, but good for the Nation. 
stronger, and time and time again, debate in the House has been stalled, strangling policies and solutions that could have benefited the Nation. Sadly, this is the legacy of the last Congress. 
I would like to insert the text of Justice Blackmun’s speech into the RECORD . 
SUPREME COURT REMARKS TO THE PHILADELPHIA BARASSOCIATION ‘‘CELEBRATION OF  
So there you are. Does it bother you that, 
in this Bicentennial year, the Bill of Rights which we regard almost as Holy Writ in our national consciousness, was forged in the crucible of disagreement and contest and tempered by the Founders’ diverse estimates of political reaction? It should not bother us, I submit, for that is the very stuff from which strong constitutions emerge—the lessons derived from past adversities, from hardening experiences with our fellows and with those who would govern us, and, from the fervent desire to avoid, as Santayana warned us, the necessity of living history over again. Our Constitution and Bill of Rights are of our own making. They are the product of hard bargaining, not the divine gift of a visionary presence. 
lighter touch. A great poet, one whom T.S. Eliot once called ‘‘the greatest poet of our times * * * certainly the greatest in this language, and so far as I am able to judge, in any language,’’ wrote two things that have intrigued me. 
past does not dictate the future. We can right our path forward. We may be able to prioritize that the American people will win over politics; and, today, we have the opportunity to do that with the beginning of this, the 114th Congress. 
I, too, want to welcome the gentlewoman from Rochester, New York, the ranking member of the Rules Committee, as we begin another session in this new year. I am delighted to know that the Rules Committee will be ready and available to handle the pieces of legislation that the gentlewoman spoke of in terms of helping the American people to understand what Congress’ role is in working with the President to help with policies that will get this country back to work. Mr. Speaker, just a year ago, we recognized as we came back to Washington that we were at a GDP growth of a negative GDP. We had to fight out of these terrible, terrible tax increases and the things that are occurring to our economy. 
The American people found new footing this year because it was the Republican majority who gave new meaning and life to ‘‘we are going to make this place, meaning Washington, D.C., and government, smaller and make things bigger and better for people back home.’’ 
become a reality with Republican policies on energy, for a competitive marketplace for there to be alternative fuels that are available that have dominated the marketplaces and put other countries on their heels and have given an advantage to American drivers who are here, families who are trying to make a go of it. The price of gasoline at the pump has dropped. 
know of the first year that President Obama was in office, food prices began doubling, energy prices began doubling. Republicans now are giving the American people a sense that we can manage our country better, so that they cannot only have a job and keep a job, but that they can take care of their families. 
We are going to aim this year on a 
lot of things; but today, we are here for the rules package that will enable the opportunities for all of our Members to know what the rules are and to become engaged. 
pledged to the American people that Speaker BOEHNER , through the rules of 
this House and our package that we would have, would allow Members from both sides of the aisle to engage in robust debate under an open process. 
I am proud to announce that in following through with that promise, which is what we have done, we now have a new, larger group of Republicans because of the hard work we have done and have sold to the American people about effectively managing their affairs in Washington, D.C. 
of reforms, not just in the House of Representatives—more transparency, more opportunities for debate—but the opportunity for the American people to see that what we are trying to do is to give the American people a chance to debate and to vote and to move forward legislative ideas, not just about jobs and not just about a better economy and not just about more freedom and not just about trying to take care of energy, but also to protect the men and women who protect this country. The 114th Congress is going to present also an opportunity, I think, for all of us to up our game, to work together. 
they are in Republican control—instead of things being roadblocked and set aside and stacked up—over 300 bills, Mr. Speaker, this past term on which 
we are waiting for Senatorial action— can work together to enact legislation. We can talk with the American people. We can fashion transparency in bills for accountability, something that the 
us to jumpstart our economy. We are here to serve people back home. We are here to make things better for people back home, not to give away our country, but to make it stronger, a chance to empower people in their communities to make their own decisions and, hopefully, reap the rewards that come from that. 
creation of a job, but really of sustaining these families who are trying to work and make things happen and make more decisions about themselves and their futures. 
open the House for the 114th Congress, we have a rules package. As we begin, I want to say let’s not forget why we are here. We are here because those from our individual congressional districts sent us here—mine, the 32nd Congressional District of Texas, sent me here to accomplish things on their behalf—to make life better for them, to create better opportunities for people today, and a better America in the future, so that we are able to extend our lead among other nations with, I believe, American ingenuity and opportunity—American exceptionalism, as we say it in Dallas, Texas, Mr. Speaker, American exceptional power. 
States military or providing leadership for freedom, that is what we are best at, and we have this privilege by serving in this body. 
believe, to the Constitution. We have, all of us today, raised our hands to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. It doesn’t mean certain parts of that Constitution; it means the Constitution. 
again, reaffirming that in this rules package—the support to the Constitution, that basis of power, that is so important in that we understand the House, the Senate, the Presidency but, most of all, the power that lies with people, the rules package helps us to achieve these goals. 
House Republicans’ efforts to streamline processes, to increase transparency, and to improve accountability. Specifically, it preserves the 
important reforms that were made in the previous two Congresses. It also adds a few perfecting amendments and orders to help further advance our twin goal of transparency and openness for all of the Members of this body. I would like to take a few minutes, if I can, to highlight some of the key parts of this rules package, Mr. Speaker. 
First, it builds upon the fiscal restraint imposed upon the Federal Government by House Republicans in the 
the last 4 years that the American economy is able to grow when the government shrinks and when less taxpayer money is used to support the government, more freedom and opportunity. We should have a smaller government and a larger free enterprise system. That is a goal. ‘‘Limited government’’ means unlimited opportunity for people back home. 
spending 24 percent of our GDP, and the economy was suffering. Thanks to the leadership of House Republicans, the Federal Government’s spending is now down. In fact, the Federal Government now spends 19.9 percent of our GDP, which is nearly 5 percent less than just 4 years ago. 
This has come through fiscal restraint. This has come through making sure that we spoke to the American people about government that was getting too big, costing too much money, and had too much power. The American people understood that because the government was getting in the way, not playing its role of making life better for people but, rather, getting in the way and making onerous decisions on our economy, on people’s jobs, and, perhaps worst of all, on stifling families and the American Dream. 
a result of these 5 years in which we have held government spending—it has decreased from 24 percent of GDP to 19.9 percent—an economic growth rate that the American people, I think, want and deserve. 
Are we where we want to be? Absolutely not. What is the approximate level? We need a GDP growth of 4 percent. We need a GDP growth not just in Dallas, Texas, but all over this country where we have people who in their homes, in their cities, and in their regions are able to take care of themselves, to sustain their economies, and to take care of their infrastructures in a responsible way. 
to provide for fiscal discipline that restrains spending and gets the government out of the way. Getting government out of the way means you take money away from it which does one of two things: it leaves more money back home for people, or it simply gives people more opportunity to invest in the marketplace to grow jobs. 
Congress has the necessary budget enforcement tools in place to continue our work that will help create jobs and grow the economy. 
We have a brandnew Budget chairman. He is one of the finest members of the Republican Conference, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. PRICE). Mr. 
at his job as a physician where he healed people, but he came to Washington to do the same for us. 
the Budget Committee will offer this country and, I believe, more specifically, this body a reevaluation of the 
important attributes of having a good economy through better budgeting and ways that we can restrain the Federal Government from unwanted and unnecessary spending to that which is done for the American people that makes sense. TOMPRICE will become a household name, and he will earn the accolades that he will get from his chairmanship. 
commonsense requirement for Congress when we consider legislation that will have a larger impact on our economy. In short, the House is going to require the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation to provide nonpartisan macroeconomic analyses for legislation that costs .25 percent of projected GDP. 
that, now, we are going to be able to recognize on percentage basis points how close is the impact of our decisions that we make and to project them out to where we are able to actually know what the impact will be of the legislation that we pass in order to create more jobs. 
It is meant to err on the side of people and the free enterprise system, as opposed to stymieing what would end up going to them and erring on the side of growing this government. 
time to analyze how legislation that we consider will really impact the American economy to where we can project what it will be as a result of including billions of dollars back into the economy for economic growth and development on the side of the free enterprise system. 
help us to use some commonsense projections on how our ideas are going to help the bottom line. 
years where we saw high taxes, high spending, Big Government that caused America to fall not only in relative power to the rest of the world, but it placed on the American people disillusionment, unemployment, high taxation, people who could not pay their bills, a loss of their own identity within their own systems. 
Unemployment up to 23 million people unemployed and underemployed; we have now turned that corner. We will continue to turn that corner and extrapolate out how we want to get to all sectors of our economy to have a better shot at jobs in their hometown, in their region, and ones that they can keep, not have and then lose again. 
lie right before us, and the gentleman from Georgia and the gentleman, the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, Mr. RYAN, are perfectly suited 
for selling to this body and the American people why we believe that we have got to look at and change the way we authorize bills. So under one method, which would be 
called static scoring, which is what we have, we assume that major legislation does not change economic behavior. They just plug a new number in, and then we assume nothing really happens. 
taxes, you lower the opportunity for people not only to create more economic benefit, but you take that incentive away. 
leave you to believe that taxation is a zero sum game, that when rates go up, revenues always come that way, and aren’t we for making sure that we balance our budget? 
work that way. We were spending hundreds of billions of dollars more. Instead of an economy that was working, we were paying unemployment compensation—people not to be employed, people to be at home, a terrible cost not only to humanity but also to our Treasury. 
We need people to go to work, and encouraging them to do this through our Tax Code means that people can have the dignity of work, the opportunity to make their life better, and perhaps more importantly, a chance for America to grow its GDP. 
we have seen about how taxation legislation affects behavior, and certainly in my home State of Texas, I remember in the 1980s and the early 1990s, when revenue was at a premium for the Democrats who ran our House and Senate in Texas, and of course they wanted to raise more revenue, and they were always looking for ways to raise revenue. 
just out of high school at personalized license plates, and they looked at how much money came in for personalized license plates. I want to say it was $30 for the plates. They needed more revenue, so they just doubled that amount of money that it would cost, knowing they would get twice as much revenue. 
Speaker. Not surprisingly, fewer Texans bought more license plates. But to the Democrats, it was a simple matter under static scoring of just saying they wanted more money, and they were going to increase the rates. It doesn’t happen that way because the American people or citizens understand they would no longer buy something at a different rate. 
problem, where people who are working and working hard, when you take away their money, there is less money that they can put into the economy to grow another job, to give somebody a chance at a new job. 
be looking at, how we can maximize through the effort of Dr. PRICE, 
Ways and Means Committee, the Budget Committee to bring the leading edge 
a zero sum game. If you want to do something, you have to really raise taxes; you can’t give money back to people because, oh my gosh, the Federal Government would be in trouble. Well, we are not. 
compensation to people working, and Republicans believe in work. We believe in empowering communities and people standing a chance to go from 
unemployment and welfare to a chance to have a job. We are going to get this done. 
arguing that tax cuts always pay for themselves. They don’t. But instead we are acknowledging that when it is done right, when you study what you are doing, you can make an effort to have a tax cut to grow the economy. I believe Republicans understand that the American economy and Americans are better off when they keep more of their paychecks. 
the House’s constitutional role in our system of checks and balances by providing for continuation of legal actions against the executive branch. It will allow the House to pursue its lawsuits and to enforce subpoenas, for instance, in the Fast and Furious investigation, where we have seen guns that were sold by the United States Government and put into hands of very dangerous people all around our world, including in Mexico and other places, only to find they come back and appear where they were involved in murders in the United States. It is a lawless action that was taken by our Department of Justice. It is wrong, and we are going to continue pursuing this. 
So it means that we are going to look 
at those things that this Federal Government is doing that we believe are unconstitutional and should change also. We also believe in a lawsuit against the executive branch regarding the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. In short, this package makes it perfectly clear that our constitutional order still matters, and it is Congress’ job to write the law and for the President to faithfully execute it. We are not going to stand by and watch this President go and write laws and to execute them down the block. We are going to make sure we do it the way the Constitution spoke about. 
is a part of the President’s package, where he has this group of people that have unlimited power to make decisions over health care, over people as opposed to a physician, we are going to limit that authority. We believe we are within the right in doing this because the American people want and need a health care system that works, not one that we cannot afford and we cannot find a doctor, and where the government and a bureaucrat make decisions as opposed to a physician and a patient. 
ObamaCare, all Members of Congress should be united to preserve and protect the role of the House of Representatives and our ability to make the laws on behalf of people and work with the President in that. 
allow the Speaker to recognize Members for the reading of the Constitution on any legislative day through January 16, 2015. I believe it is vital. We saw this several years ago, Mr. Speaker, where we came down to the floor of the House and took turns at reading the Constitution. It is a vital part of our history. It is important that we understand it serves this great Nation that separates us from so many other countries, the rule of law and constitutional guidance. 
This rules package that I have outlined will better enable the House to perform our duties. It will help us with our obligations, our integrity, and transparency and accountability, and it is going to help us to make sure that we work well together with each other. 
Our friends, whether they are Republicans or Democrats, elected Members of this body, I am very proud to say that this resolution represents so many great things. I think it is a balanced package, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), 
the gentlelady for yielding. Unfortunately, I don’t have time to respond to many of the representations that Mr. SESSIONS made with reference to our 
economy, but we can all agree that our most important responsibilities as Members of Congress is to grow this economy, create the kinds of jobs that Americans need so that they can succeed and support themselves and their families. 
things in this rules package. Traditionally, Democrats will vote against and Republicans will vote for because traditionally this is a partisan vote. I urge the Rules Committee chairman to adopt a couple of changes which I thought would make this rules package a better one. 
First, I ask the House to move to ban 
discrimination against gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender employees. We provide in our rules that you cannot discriminate against people based upon race, nationality, gender, and other arbitrary distinctions. We should have added this as we have in so many of our laws. Currently there are no protections for a congressional staffer fired or refused promotion simply for LGBT status. I regret that the Rules Committee was unprepared to offer such a protection to our employees. 
the majority in 2011, Delegates from the District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands as well as the Resident Commissioner from Puerto Rico have been denied the opportunity to vote in the Committee of the Whole. They can vote in committees, and the Committee of the Whole is of course a committee of the House. It is not a final arbiter. 
that amendment in the rules. It passed. My Republican friends took it to court, and the court said that it was sustainable and sustained it. This effectively, unfortunately, denies representation to nearly 5 million Americans, Americans, one of whom is on the Republican side of the aisle from American Samoa. So this is a bipartisan concern that I have. Unfortunately, this rules package put forward by the Republican majority does not include either change. 
not live up to the responsible governing the American people expect and deserve from Congress. Mr. SESSIONS  
spent a long time talking about scoring, static scoring versus dynamic scoring. 
the American people is a gamble. It is a gamble that your projection is correct. If your projection is not correct, as it has so often been, then you end up putting the deficit even higher because you bet on the come. 
would suggest, would be to get the money first and then decide how you are going to apply it. Don’t gamble on the fact that you are going to get the money, which is what dynamic scoring is. The gentleman admitted—he did not argue—that cutting taxes always paid for themselves. In fact, Alan Greenspan said exactly that in the last decade. 
will be able to hide the true cost of tax cuts behind a debunked mantra that tax cuts pay for themselves. They do not. This provision will allow them to explode the deficit as they did the last time they were in charge. 
The last time the budget was balanced was not under the Bush administration when you had a Republican Congress, a Republican Senate, and a Republican President. It was when Bill Clinton was President of the United States. For 4 years we had a balanced 
Congressional Budget Office, which has maintained its role as impartial and nonpartisan arbiter on budget scoring for four decades, which makes us be honest, which is what the American public expects. Rely on the figures that are not political figures but are independent analytical figures on which we can rely. 
this rules package. It can be a better package; it should be. And if it is defeated, we can adopt a better, more fair package. 
Mr. Speaker, we are at the start of a new 
Congress, and we have an opportunity to right two wrongs in the rules of this House. 
I wrote to the Chairman of the Rules last 
month asking that two changes be made in today’s rules package. 
First, I asked that the House move to ban 
Congressional staffer fired or refused a promotion simply for LGBT status. 
majority in 2011, delegates from the District of Columbia, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands, as well as the Resident Commissioner from Puerto Rico, have been denied the opportunity to vote in the Committee of the Whole House. 
Unfortunately, this rules package, put forward by the Republican majority, does not include either change. 
up to the responsible governing the American people expect and deserve from their Congress. 
able to hide the true cost of tax cuts behind a debunked mantra that ‘‘tax cuts pay for themselves.’’ 
them to explode the deficit, as they did the last time they were in charge. 
It also threatens to politicize the Congressional Budget Office, which has maintained its role as impartial and nonpartisan arbiter on budget scoring for four decades. 
At least three committees—two led by Republicans—exhaustively investigated the Benghazi tragedy. 
Everything has been reviewed; a million dollars in taxpayer money last year were wasted. 
ability of Congress to reallocate resources between Social Security trust funds, making it more difficult to prevent automatic cuts to Social Security disability insurance. 
and his Republican colleagues to work in a bipartisan way with Democrats to enact rules that enhance the work of this House, protect LGBT employees, include all of the voices in our democracy, and set guidelines that facilitate greater cooperation, not more partisan gridlock. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VANHOLLEN), the distinguished returning ranking member of the Committee on the Budget. 
Mr. Speaker, it is absolutely astounding that within minutes—minutes—of our being sworn in, our Republican colleagues want to pass a rule that will stack the deck in favor of trying to give another big tax cut not to the middle class, but to millionaires, the folks at the very top. That is what 
this economic theory of trickledown economics crashed and burned in the real world between 2001 and 2008. Our Republican colleague says that if you give millionaires these tax cuts, they are going to spend them, and a little bit will trickle down to the middle class and people who aspire to the middle class and boost everybody up. 
happened? Sure, the folks who got the tax cuts at the top, they did better. Nobody else did. In fact, real wages went down. What went up? The deficit—and everybody has to pay for that deficit. 
Now, I heard the Speaker this morning say he wanted to deal with the issue of wage stagnation. That is what we should be focused on. We shouldn’t be talking about tax cuts for the wealthy and a trickledown theory. We should try to build this economy from the middle class out and from the bottom up. 
I am glad the Speaker said that because we are going to give him an opportunity to vote for something that will address wage stagnation. I am going to offer a motion at the end of this debate. It is called the CEOEmployee Paycheck Fairness Act, and it addresses this issue. 
1970s, when workers were working hard, they got paid more, but beginning around 1979, they kept working hard, productivity kept going up, but their wages got flat. What happened during the same time? CEOs took care of themselves. Their pay started to go up and up and up. It used to be about 20 times that of the average worker. 
at the top got about 20 times what they were paying their employees, but as you can see, it has now shot up so that CEOs and the top guys get paid about 300 times what their workers are getting paid. 
corporations should not be able to deduct the bonuses and compensation for their CEOs and other executives over $1 million unless they are giving their employees a fair shake, a fair wage. Right? Why should the taxpayers be subsidizing that? 
about $66 billion, thereabouts, in deductions for bonuses for performance pay when they were sometimes laying off employees and cutting their paychecks, so we say: ‘‘Hey, okay, pay yourselves what you want, but if you want the taxpayers to allow you to deduct your bonuses and performance pay, for goodness’ sakes, you had better be giving your employees a fair shake.’’ 
in worker productivity and wages and do what the Speaker said he wanted to do this morning, which is deal with wage stagnation. Let’s help the workers, not just the CEOs. Let’s vote for the CEOEmployee Paycheck Fairness 
they go again, more tax increases, bigger government, the Democrat party. I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VANHOLLEN ) to respond 
we are talking about, Mr. Speaker, is a Republican plan that actually cuts the top rate for folks at the top from 39 percent to 25 percent. 
has said that will actually leave the middle class family—typical family— paying another $2,000, so that you can give the folks at the very top another tax break. 
who pays the bill? Everybody, all the taxpayers do. So you give a tax break to the folks at the top, increase the deficit, and everybody else is left to pay the bill. That is not the right way to go. Vote for this motion. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), who has been successful already about inversions. 
opposition to the Republican rule package and to the previous question. If we defeat that question, Ms. SLAUGHTER  
nearly 50 American companies try to avoid taxes by moving their mailboxes overseas, but they leave their operations here, effectively renouncing their U.S. citizenship in order to dodge taxes. 
These companies benefit from American education, research and development incentives, and infrastructure, all taxpayer supported, but when their own tax bill arrives, they hide overseas and are no longer American corporations. 
this is legal under the law today, and it shouldn’t be—they have the temerity then to apply for Federal contracts, but they deny their U.S. citizenship when it comes to paying their taxes. 
would do is make sure that they pay their fair share. The extra revenue goes to the highway trust fund. That trust fund runs out of money in May if we do not act. Anyone who has driven a car lately knows how badly our roads need investment. 
our wheels, 65 percent of our major roads are in less than good condition, and onequarter of our bridges require repair or improvements. The backlog of projects grows longer by the day. 
At a time when globalization is gathering pace, this state of affairs puts America’s competitiveness in jeopardy. 
Forum, the United States has slipped from 7th to 18th in the quality of our roadways. Replenishing the highway trust fund will reverse this trend, unleash economic growth, and create thousands of good jobs that cannot be sent overseas. 
Nation, we must be prepared to do the same. Instead of lining the pockets of corporate deserters, we should be revitalizing our roadways. That is the path to a better, stronger, and more sustainable economy. This amendment puts us back on the right track. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), the assistant Democratic leader. 
spent the holidays with family and friends reflecting on the blessings of the past year. There were many. 
soared another 10,000 points. In 2009, our budget deficit stood at $1.4 trillion. Today, according to current projections, we have sliced that deficit to 
$514 billion, and we have created 10 million new jobs, the longest stretch of private sector job growth in American history. 
wife with a full tank of gas, and I did so paying less than $2 per gallon. It was the first time I have been able to do that in 5 years. We have achieved much progress over the past several years. Now, we must get about the work of making sure that progress is shared by all. 
will cast some substantive votes. These votes will literally set the rules of the game for the next 2 years. They will be a very clear reflection of our respective parties’ priorities. 
seem to rig the game in favor of the wealthy, Democrats will immediately 
force a vote on job creation, bigger paychecks for working families, and American competitiveness and economic growth. 
work building roads and bridges that will connect our economy in the 21st century. We will ensure that every American shares in our Nation’s prosperity by taking away corporate tax deductions for millionaire executive compensation unless their employees get a raise as well. 
It is simple, Mr. Speaker. House Republicans’ first priority in the 114th Congress is stacking the deck for those with the highest incomes and for voodoo, trickledown economics. House Democrats’ first priority is to put Americans in a better place by creating jobs, standing up for working families, and growing the economy for all. The contrast could not be more stark. Mr. Speaker, House Democrats’ numbers may be smaller in the 114th, but we are stronger in our unity and resolve to grow and strengthen middle income Americans. Today, with our votes on the new rules, Mr. Speaker, we will be demonstrating our support for hardworking American families. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), a valued member of the 
Mr. Speaker, I suppose I should simply take this time to say to my colleagues: welcome back, happy new year, and I missed you. 
Technically, we are considering, debating, and voting on the Republican majority’s ‘‘rules package,’’ but that is sort of a misnomer. The word ‘‘rules,’’ as most of us understand it, means a set of procedures that someone is required to follow, but if my Republican friends have demonstrated anything over the past few years, it is that they have absolutely no intention of following the rules of the House. They routinely waive, ignore, or break the rules of this House whenever it is convenient or politically expedient for them to do so. 
Speaker of the House promised the most open Congress in history. I hate to remind him that the Republicans presided over the most closed Congress in history during the 113th Congress. 
most egregious provisions in this package before us today. First, my Republican friends believe we should adopt the voodoo economics of socalled dynamic scoring. Under this fairy tale, they would have us believe that tax cuts for the very wealthy don’t increase the deficit. Never mind that time after time after time in our history, those tax cuts for the rich have caused an explosion in our deficit. This rules package would have us believe that up is down and left is right. 
committee staff from the Ways and Means Committee, Financial Services, Energy and Commerce, and the Science Committee to take depositions under oath. Currently, only the Oversight Committee has that authority. 
Mr. Speaker, I served as a staff member in this House for the late Congressman Joe Moakley. Our staff members are dedicated public servants who work incredibly hard, but this provision, quite frankly, goes too far. 
our time on rebuilding our aging infrastructure and increasing workers’ paychecks rather than making it easier to conduct more political witch hunts, which the American people are fed up with. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to serve 
on the Rules Committee, and that word ‘‘rules’’ used to mean something. My hope is that in this Congress, enough of my Republican colleagues will demonstrate the political courage to make it mean something again. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on this resolution. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). 
who have wondered, what would be the top priority of this Republicancontrolled Congress? What would they do on day one? Well, now we know. It is deception, what some could even rightly call tax fraud, since this amounts to deliberate misrepresentation of tax data. 
on day one that they don’t know how to balance the budget. When the budget numbers will not add up, when the arithmetic just doesn’t work for them, they change the numbers with magical new math. Where the books won’t balance with the numbers that you have got, Republicans say, ‘‘Use the numbers you would like to have.’’ 
discipline and balancing budgets was really about trying to dismantle Democratic efforts to provide an opportunity ladder up for all Americans, to assure dignity in retirement, and to protect families from the risk of illness—that ladder of security and protection that many Republicans were never for in the first place. 
hard work of responsible, balanced budgets, Republicans are compelling the House for the first time in American history to rely upon something they call ‘‘dynamic scoring’’—That is just a euphemism for whimsy, speculation, and wishful thinking—the thin veneer for a failed political ideology. 
former Senate budget staff director Bill Hoagland, has said that instead of this scoring gimmick that they are using today, he would ‘‘rather [they] just simply belly up to the bar’’ and ‘‘admit up front that they can’t lower rates without adding to the deficit.’’ 
some attribute to President Abraham Lincoln: ‘‘How many legs does a dog have if you call the tail a leg? Four, because calling a tail a leg doesn’t make it a leg.’’ 
when it doesn’t have adequate revenue does not make it so. 
Republicans would rather use a sleight of hand than offer a helping hand from all to get the job done. Vote no. 
Republicans are going to use a doctor to get the budget done this time. 
gentleman from Texas for his leadership on this package and his work throughout this Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, I am actually surprised—well, I am not surprised. I thought we might actually go a day without having the kind of hyperbole that we have grown used to from the other side of the aisle. 
I want to speak to the issue of macroeconomic analysis as the incoming chair of the Budget Committee. The other side has said this is a gamble, that we are gambling that the projections are going to be correct. Mr. Speaker, this is craziness. That is not so. In fact, all economic projections— static, dynamic—all of them have a level of uncertainty. 
the deck’’ or that it is ‘‘cooking the books’’ in favor of tax cuts. Nonsense. Nonsense. It doesn’t game the system at all. All we are trying to do is make certain that Members of Congress have more information upon which to be able to make decisions. That is the kind of commonsense things that our folks back home want. 
Scoring, which is what we are talking about here, the Congressional Budget Office works hard to try to determine what the effect is of the kind of policies that we adopt around here. They will tell you right now that now it is inaccurate. Now it is inaccurate. What we are trying to do is simply say that if a piece of legislation is going to have a large effect on the economy, that we include that effect in the official estimate. 
So if you think a bill is going to help 
or hurt the economy—help or hurt the economy—then they ought to tell us. They ought to let us know how many more jobs are going to be created, what kind of tax revenue up or down is going to occur. Is it going to harm jobs? The people who prepare our cost estimates, I tell you, they are the best in the business, and they have been working on this issue for years. 
surprise to our friends on the other side, but they already do this kind of analysis. They already do the macroeconomic analysis. It is just that we don’t include it in our cost estimate because of the rules. And we should. That is why we are offering this change today. 
We simply make it so that the Congressional Budget Office is allowed, the scorekeepers are allowed, to have a more realistic score. It has come as no surprise, talking to economists from around the country over the past couple of weeks, over the past couple of months, and to a person they say economic scoring, the effects of legislation that we pass, it is an inaccurate science. It is hard to do. But what we want to do is to make certain that they have greater opportunity to get 
that scoring correct, to give us the kind of information so we can make wiser decisions. 
the books or gaming the system. This is about trying to do the hard work of the American people, trying to get the policies that we adopt here in this Congress correct so that we can get the American people back to work and get this economy thriving again. 
Texas for the work that he has done and urge adoption of the rules. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. BECERRA ), 
don’t care who won or lost in the election. They just want us to get our work done. They want us to work together to solve the problems that they see every day. They want us to boost job growth, and they want us to build an economy that works for all Americans, not just the privileged few. 
guide this Congress should be built on the foundation that has increased opportunities for American families over the last few years—nearly 11 million new jobs, 57 consecutive months of job growth, the longest streak in our country’s history. There are 10 million more Americans with health insurance, which means more security for those Americans. The deficit has been cut by twothirds since 2009. 
that we now need to work on? In that span of time since we have seen things go better; the economy has grown 12 percent; corporate profits have grown by 46 percent, and the stock market by 92 percent. What hasn’t grown? The paycheck that the average American gets day in and day out for working to do all those things to make it possible for the stock market and corporations to succeed. So it is time for us to focus on the middle of America that works hard every month and gets a paycheck but doesn’t see that paycheck grow. 
to use fuzzy math, socalled dynamic scoring, to make it easier to give massive tax breaks to special interests and the wealthy. Is that what the middle class wants? No. 
Republicans have also added a midnight change to this rules package that rigs the rules against 59 million Americans who currently receive Social Security and to the 160 million Americans who are working today to get Social Security in the future and don’t know if Social Security will be there based on these rules. That is not what Americans in the middle want. 
making life better, not worse, for everyday Americans. So let’s establish rules of the road for this Congress that let us build on the economic progress 
of nearly 11 million new Americans going back to work, 57 months straight of job growth. 
road for this House that give a green light to reckless legislating that favors special interests and the privileged few at the expense of the middle class and America’s Social Security. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN), the 
distinguished returning ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
said by the Budget Committee chairman is not correct. This is not about more information. This is a requirement that these official cost estimates really be part of the enforcement of the budget resolution. So what this is, in a few words: Republicans today are extending their embrace of voodoo economics by wrapping their arms around voodoo score keeping. Again, it is not about more information. It is being able to cook the books to implement their longheld discredited notion that tax cuts pay for themselves. 
George H.W. Bush administration official Bruce Bartlett said it best: 
It is about using smoke and mirrors to institutionalize Republican ideology in the budget process. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
I inquire from my colleague if he has any remaining speakers. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I do have one additional speaker, and then I will close. 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the 
the gentlelady for yielding, and I thank her for her wonderful work on behalf of the American people as the ranking member on the Rules Committee for such a long time and in such a very strong way. 
and your families on your swearing in today. We had a lovely ceremony earlier. Eventually it became that, after we knew the outcome of the vote. But it is clear that the election at the polls in November demonstrated that the American people are hopeful that this new Congress can work together to grow our economy and, in turn, grow paychecks for American workers. Honoring that trust, House Democrats today are putting forward a legislative package to increase paychecks for working families and put Americans back to work building the roads and bridges our country needs, paid for by keeping our tax dollars here at home. I 
sharp contrast to what the Republicans have in this rule. The first vote that the Republicans are asking this Congress to take in the new Congress will be to advance additional tax cuts for the wealthy and special interests. When they talk about dynamic scoring—when they talk about dynamic scoring—it is a very bad deal for middleincome families in our country. 
bring forth the Stop Corporate Expatriation and Invest in America’s Infrastructure Act, which prevents U.S. corporations from renouncing their citizenship in order to dodge paying their fair share of taxes. It is time to stop rewarding companies that move overseas and instead use those dollars to create goodpaying jobs here at home. 
to make that point. I don’t see anything partisan about it. And many Republicans have voted in this manner in the past. So this was supposed to be something where we have common ground. 
the CEOEmployee Pay Fairness Act, and that is legislation to ensure that workers share in the fruit of their productivity, denying CEOs the ability to claim tax deductions on income over $1 million unless they give their employees a welldeserved raise. 
open and transparent debate on these issues. Today, with this rules package, Republicans are shutting down debate for Democrats and Republicans. With their extending of the amount of time it takes for Members to put forth a motion to instruct, they are shutting down debate. They are rejecting transparency and openness. That is what the American people want: transparency and openness. 
must keep the hopes, dreams, and aspirations of the American people in the forefront. We must be committed to do this is a bipartisan way, an open and transparent way. This bill today rejects that. 
Now what I want to say, and we all 
have been reading our Christmas cards and all the rest, but one of the ones that I want to share with you which is irrelevant to our discussion today is from my friend Jack Trout. What he said in ‘‘A Seasonal Greeting for the Times’’: 
What is behind all of this is a concerted effort by wealthy companies and people to protect the status quo and their vested interests. The result is the sad fact that the middle class gets squeezed while the rich get richer. This squeeze is why the consumerled economy has been so slow to rebound after the financial crisis. 
fact that the middle class are the real job creators in America. They generate demand, which, in turn, builds markets. The middle class put ‘‘merry’’ into Merry Christmas. I mention this because the fact is 
that it is true that when the consumer economy, which is what we are, is alive and well and thriving, they spend money, inject demand in the economy, create jobs, and our economic recovery is accelerated. 
and some of the other things contained in this rule are contrary to that and antagonistic to the financial stability of the middle class. So I hope that our colleagues—and there are so many reasons to go through. But what means the most to America’s working families is their financial stability. On that subject alone, were it not even for other things in this bill which we could talk about all day that should be rejected, but just because it, again, has a negative impact on the growth of our economy when it comes to supporting the financial stability of the middle class we should vote ‘‘no’’ on this. 
The Democrats offer a sharp contrast. The motion that will be made to call the previous question is one that calls for us to talk about building the infrastructure of America. The motion to commit that will be put forth by Mr. VANHOLLEN is one that is fair in terms 
urge our colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ This isn’t what was talked about in terms of ideals and values this morning. This is about putting the squeeze on the middle class, doing it in a nontransparent way, and doing it under the rules of the House. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ). 
my friend from New York, the distinguished ranking member. 
colleagues on our swearing in. I just hope that it doesn’t trigger 2 years of swearing at. It really does not have to be that way, Mr. Speaker. Democrats in this House will work with the majority to find commonsense solutions to ease the squeeze, to support paycheck growth for the middle class. 
middle class, Mr. Speaker. The problem with this rules package is it is stacked against the middle class, it is stacked against tax cuts for the middle class, it is stacked against paycheck growth for the middle class. 
what House Democrats are proposing. It is very simple. 
the middle class. Under the current rules that the majority supports, Mr. Speaker, a CEO can get a milliondollar bonus and deduct that million dollars from taxes. That shifts that tax burden to an underpaid worker for that CEO. Now, how is that fair? How is that fair? It is not. It is bad enough that middle class 
workers’ paychecks are squeezed, but sticking the middle class worker with a bill for the CEO’s taxes as a result of that million dollar bonus is unconscionable. We have a better way, a better contrast, something that will grow paychecks for the middle class. 
stacked deck that the majority supports, a big corporation can ship jobs overseas. With those jobs overseas go bigger bridges, better roads, better airports, and faster airplanes. Meanwhile, in my district on Long Island, Mr. Speaker, the average middle class worker has to drive through potholes, has longer delays, slower trains, antiquated transportation systems, and delayed airplanes because all of the infrastructure is being built abroad. 
are given incentives to ship jobs overseas. It is unconscionable that under these rules those corporations are able to build infrastructure in those foreign places while America decays. 
will invest in America, we will rebuild America, we will create new jobs in America, improving our infrastructure. 
Speaker, but to be underpaid and have to drive through potholes, that is even worse. 
new Congress until the very last day of this new Congress, the American people are going to want to know whose side we are on. With these two votes we clearly demonstrate and clearly establish who is on whose side. 
on this first day to establish for the American people whose backs they have: the special interests, tax deductions for milliondollar bonuses, foreign corporations; or rebuilding America and rebuilding American jobs. 
time, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), 
in support of the rules package for the 114th Congress. 
opportunity to thank you, Chairman SESSIONS , the Speaker’s Office, and the 
other committee chairmen for working with me to hone and clarify the Judiciary Committee’s criminal law jurisdiction. 
have given the Judiciary Committee jurisdiction over, among other things, the judiciary and judicial proceedings, civil and criminal, and criminal law enforcement. The Judiciary Committee’s jurisdiction over criminal law dates back to the creation of the committee in 1813. 
In recent years, however, we have become aware of an anomaly in the referral pattern that occasionally prevents the Judiciary Committee from obtaining a referral when a bill criminalizes 
new conduct without actually addressing the penalty portion of the criminal law. In other words, while the Judiciary Committee would have had jurisdiction over the underlying statute when it was enacted, it is sometimes unable to assert jurisdiction when the statute is amended in such a way as to criminalize new conduct. The result is that new criminal offenses are being created without being considered by the lawmakers on the Judiciary Committee, which is the committee best situated to provide valuable expertise in drafting and resolving potential conflicts with existing criminal law. 
Last Congress, the Judiciary Committee created a bipartisan OverCriminalization Task Force with the goal of examining the problems associated with a bloated, disorganized, and often redundant collection of Federal criminal offenses. The Congressional Research Service recently reported to us that there are nearly 5,000 Federal criminal laws on the books. Unfortunately, Congress continues to add to this number at a rate of roughly 50 new crimes per year. 
both the witnesses who appeared before the task force as well as the members of the task force is that it is crucial that the Judiciary Committee have the opportunity to review all new Federal criminal laws. 
Throughout its existence, this bipartisan task force endeavored to closely examine the problems posed by overcriminalization and overFederalization, and to identify potential solutions to combat the regrettable circumstances that inevitably arise from the tangled web of Federal criminal provisions. Examples of similarlysituated defendants convicted of the same conduct under different statutes with different penalties, or individuals convicted of offenses without proof of any level of criminal intent, have been detailed in our hearings and are far too commonplace. 
committee’s jurisdiction over criminal matters by adding one word—‘‘criminalization’’—to our existing jurisdiction over criminal law. By making this change, the Judiciary Committee will have a new jurisdictional interest only in those relatively rare instances that a bill criminalizes new conduct by amending a statute that is attached to a criminal penalty without amending the penalty itself. In this instance, the Judiciary Committee will look to work with the other committee on ensuring that the new conduct is worthy of criminalization and that the attached criminal penalties are appropriately drafted. 
looking to insert itself into the regulatory schemes under the jurisdiction of other committees. However, to the extent that another committee chooses to use the criminal justice system to enforce the regulation under its jurisdiction, we would like to be involved so that we may ask the important question together as to whether particular conduct should be criminalized. 
clarification of the Judiciary Committee’s jurisdiction will allow us to address many of the problems associated with the tangled web of Federal criminal laws. 
Again, I would like to thank Chairman SESSIONS and his staff for working 
very closely with us on this issue and express my strong support. 
I rise today in support of the Rules package 
I would like to begin by taking this opportunity to thank Chairman SESSIONS , the 
Speaker’s office, and the other Committee Chairmen for working with me to hone and clarify the Judiciary Committee’s criminal law jurisdiction. 
given the Judiciary Committee jurisdiction over, among other things, ‘‘the judiciary and judicial proceedings, civil and criminal,’’ and ‘‘criminal law enforcement.’’ The Judiciary Committee’s jurisdiction over criminal law dates back to the creation of the committee in 1813. 
Typically, the Judiciary Committee either receives a referral upon introduction or has the opportunity to seek a sequential referral when a bill creates a new criminal law or criminal penalties. This allows us to ensure that a criminal provision is properly drafted, or eliminated if it is unnecessary. 
aware of an anomaly in the referral pattern that occasionally prevents the Judiciary Committee from obtaining a referral when a bill criminalizes new conduct without actually addressing the penalty portion of the criminal law. In other words, while the Judiciary Committee would have had jurisdiction over the underlying statute when it was enacted, it is sometimes unable to assert jurisdiction when the statute is amended in such a way as to criminalize new conduct. The result is that new criminal offenses are being created without being considered by the lawmakers on the Judiciary Committee, which is the Committee best situated to provide valuable expertise in drafting and resolving potential conflicts with existing criminal law. 
Last Congress, the Judiciary Committee created a bipartisan OverCriminalization Task Force with the goal of examining the problems associated with a bloated, disorganized and often redundant collection of federal criminal offenses. The Congressional Research Service recently reported to us that there are nearly 5,000 federal criminal laws on the books. And, unfortunately, Congress continues to add to this number at a rate of roughly 50 new crimes per year. 
witnesses who appeared before the task force, as well as the Members of the task force, is that it is crucial that the Judiciary Committee have the opportunity to review all new federal criminal laws. 
Our Members and staff have the longstanding expertise to ensure that criminal laws are appropriately drafted, that they fit with the overall federal criminal law scheme, that they are appropriate in force relative to other criminal laws, and finally, that the new criminal law 
task force endeavored to closely examine the problems posed by overcriminalization and overfederalization, and to identify potential solutions to combat the regrettable circumstances that inevitably arise from the tangled web of federal criminal provisions. Examples of similarlysituated defendants convicted of the same conduct under different statutes with different penalties, or individuals convicted of offenses without proof of any level of criminal intent, have been detailed in our hearings and are far too commonplace. 
The Rules package today clarifies the Committee’s jurisdiction over criminal matters by adding the word ‘‘criminalization’’ to our existing jurisdiction over criminal law. By making this change, the Judiciary Committee will have a new jurisdictional interest only in those relatively rare instances that a bill criminalizes new conduct by amending a statute that is attached to a criminal penalty without amending the penalty itself. In this instance, the Judiciary Committee will look to work with the other committee on ensuring that the new conduct is worthy of criminalization and that the attached criminal penalties are appropriately drafted. 
insert itself into the regulatory schemes under the jurisdiction of other committees. However, to the extent that another committee chooses to use the criminal justice system to enforce the regulation under its jurisdiction, we would like to be involved so that we may ask the important question together as to whether particular conduct should be criminalized. 
In conclusion, I believe this small clarification to the Judiciary Committee’s jurisdiction will allow us to address many of the problems associated with the tangled web of federal criminal laws. 
Again, I would like to thank Chairman SESSIONS for working with me on this issue, and 
shows us a broken institution: broken by partisanship and recalcitrance. 
course in the 114th Congress, to encourage openness, transparency, and true bipartisanship. If we can achieve this, we will come together. 
will move to amend the resolution to bring up the Stop Corporate Expatriation and Invest in America’s Infrastructure Act of 2015 to stop giving up American citizenship to avoid paying taxes. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? 
There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Republicans’ commitment to an open process from Members on both sides of the aisle on the issues of the day that need to be debated, on legislation that will make a difference in the lives of the American people. 
chairman of the Budget Committee and the Republican chairman of the Judiciary Committee. I believe this is a great package. 
rules package has a number of other provisions with which we have serious concerns. Most significantly, the rules change relating to Social Security. Late last night, the Republican rules package was revised to include a major new provision that will likely force Social Security benefit cuts. The new rule would prevent the House from considering legislation to prevent a scheduled 20 percent cut to Social Security benefits for 11 million disabled workers and their families (by creating a point of order against legislation that reallocates FICA taxes between the Social Security Trust Funds, which have a current overall balance of $2.8 trillion), unless the legislation also includes Social Security benefit cuts or tax increases. Without any substantive debate and out of public view, the rule would prevent the House from even considering a mechanism endorsed by more than 50 advocacy groups and which Congress has used 11 times in the past to address shortfalls in one of the trust funds. 
H. Res. 5 also extends staff deposition authority to four more committees (Energy and Commerce, Financial Services, Science, and Ways and Means). We are deeply concerned that these new authorities will be used to launch politically motivated attacks on the Affordable Care Act, Environmental Protection Agency actions, the implementation of Dodd Frank financial industry reform, and IRS regulations. 
Democrats are disappointed that House Republicans have decided to continue their politicallymotivated lawsuit against the President over implementation of the Affordable Care Act and their partisan investigations into ‘‘Fast and Furious’’ and the attack in Benghazi, Libya. Extensions of those authorities also appear in H. Res. 5. 
H. Res. 5’s changes to the motion to instruct also concern us deeply. Under current rules, motions to instruct conferees can be offered 25 legislative days and 10 calendar days after conference committees have been appointed. H. Res. 5 lengthens these periods, so that motions to instruct would be privileged 45 calendar days and 25 legislative days after the conference is appointed. This is clearly an attempt to weaken the Minority’s ability to participate in the conference committee process in the future. 
Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group have the potential to make it politically easier for the Majority to file additional lawsuits against the President, and this possibility disturbs us given the events surrounding the filing of the ACA related lawsuit last Congress. 
H. Res. 5 contains a number of other provisions, some of which raise concerns and some of which appear to be innocuous. For example, small changes to the jurisdiction of certain committees, an increase in the size of the Intelligence Committee, an allowance for extra subcommittees on the Agriculture, 
Armed Services, Foreign Affairs, and Transportation and Infrastructure Committees, and allowing the Speaker to reconvene the House at a time other than previously appointed after consultation with the Minority Leader, among others. 
this resolution, we are establishing a new requirement in clause 8 of Rule XIII that the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) and the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) incorporate into the official cost estimates required under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (Budget Act) the macroeconomic effects of ‘‘major legislation.’’ Because this rule builds on the existing requirement for cost estimates, it does not apply to appropriations legislation. 
By including an analysis of how major legislation will affect the economy, this rule provides the House with a more comprehensive estimate than can be produced using only the traditional, conventional scoring methods which implicitly assume that legislation has no effect on the broader economy. In particular, this analysis is required to include the budgetary effects of changes in economic output, employment, the capital stock, and other macroeconomic variables resulting from major legislation. In addition, this rule requires a qualitative assessment of the longterm budgetary and macroeconomic effects of major legislation. 
causing an increase or decrease in revenues, outlays, or deficits in any fiscal year covered by the budget resolution equal to or greater than 0.25 percent of the projected gross domestic product for that year. In applying the 0.25 percent threshold, CBO and JCT are required to look at the gross budgetary effects of the legislation. In carrying out this requirement, the intent is that CBO and JCT review provisions in the bill that have a significant effect. Thus, the test is whether any provision in the legislation has a budgetary effect larger than the threshold, or if the absolute value of the sum of the provisions exceeds the threshold, rather than whether the legislation as a whole has such an effect when all of the provisions are netted out. 
The rule carefully preserves the existing division of labor between CBO and JCT, which requires close collaboration between these two nonpartisan institutions. When major legislation involves both revenue and nonrevenue provisions, CBO and JCT will need to work together to produce a single, integrated cost estimate for the legislation drawing on each agency’s institutional responsibilities. 
around these budgetary estimates. Both CBO and JCT, as applicable, must provide together with their estimates a description of the critical assumptions and the source data underlying 
such estimates. It is important that CBO and JCT make this information available so that the public, academic, and other experts have an opportunity to review the analysis and pursue possible improvements in the methodologies used to develop these estimates. Distributional analyses of proposed tax changes that JCT provides as background information is another area where estimates could be improved by incorporating macroeconomic effects into these analyses. 
The preparation of cost estimates incorporating macroeconomic effects is frequently more complex and requires more time than the preparation of conventional cost estimates. Committees should therefore build in additional time to allow for the completion of the cost estimate. Both CBO and JCT should strive to promptly produce the estimates required by this rule. To the extent it is not practicable for CBO and JCT to produce the required estimates, the rule provides an accommodation in this instance. Two possible circumstances may arise when it is not feasible to produce the required analysis. First, committees and the House may be operating under tight deadlines and it is not possible for CBO or JCT to complete the analysis prior to the legislation’s consideration. Second, while CBO and JCT have developed a great deal of expertise and experience in producing these analyses, there may be situations where it is not possible for CBO and JCT to produce the required analysis. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 5 O FFERED BY MS. 
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
apply to the consideration of the bill specified in section 8 of this resolution. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Corporate Expatriation and Invest in America’s Infrastructure Act of 2015’’. 
7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
purposes of this subsection, a foreign corporation shall be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
substantially all of the properties constituting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and 
‘‘(II) in the case of an acquisition with respect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by reason of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership, or 
expanded affiliated group which includes the entity occurs, directly or indirectly, primarily within the United States, and such expanded affiliated group has significant domestic business activities. 
that the management and control of an expanded affiliated group shall be treated as occurring, directly or indirectly, primarily within the United States if substantially all of the executive officers and senior management of the expanded affiliated group who exercise daytoday responsibility for making decisions involving strategic, financial, and operational policies of the expanded affiliated group are based or primarily located within the United States. Individuals who in fact exercise such daytoday responsibilities shall be treated as executive officers and senior management regardless of their title. 
an expanded affiliated group has significant domestic business activities if at least 25 percent of— 
by the group is incurred with respect to employees based in the United States, 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before May 9, 2014,’’. 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after May 8, 2014. 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the 
control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule ....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 239, nays 168, not voting 26, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer 
Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
While Members are coming in to record their votes, it is the intention of the Chair to administer the oath of office to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. GOWDY ), the gentleman from 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C OOPER ). 
Messrs. G OWDY , W ELCH , C ICILLINE , 
appeared at the bar of the House, and the Speaker administered the oath of office to them as follows: 
will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; 
and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated against: Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 4, 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
(H. Res. 5) be committed to a select committee composed of the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader with instructions to report it forthwith back to the House with the following amendment: 
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
apply to the consideration of the bill specified in section 8 of this resolution. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘CEO–Employee Paycheck Fairness Act of 2015’’. 
this chapter for applicable employee remuneration with respect to any employee to the extent that the amount of such remuneration for the taxable year with respect to such employee exceeds $1,000,000, and 
term ‘employee’ includes any officer or director of the taxpayer and any former officer, director, or employee of the taxpayer. 
the taxpayer to or for all applicable United States employees for the taxable year, exceeds 
adjusted average of such compensation for the preceding taxable year, and 
the employer to or for all applicable United States employees for the taxable year is not less than the aggregate of such compensation for the preceding taxable year. 
term ‘applicable United States employee’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any employee— 
by the taxpayer to or for all applicable United States employees for the taxable year, by 
‘‘(ii) the sum of the costofliving adjustment and the productivity adjustment for the taxable year. 
term ‘business productivity index’ means the nonfarm business productivity index published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics as adjusted by the Secretary to account for depreciation. 
subparagraph, the term ‘compensation’ means, with respect to any employee, the sum of— 
through changes in the composition of the taxpayer’s workforce, and 
motivated changes in the size and composition of the taxpayer’s workforce (including mergers, spinoffs, or changes in the occupational composition of a taxpayer’s workforce).’’. 
the close of the taxable year, such employee is the chief executive officer of the taxpayer or’’ and inserting ‘‘such employee is the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the taxpayer at any time during the taxable year, or was’’, 
not fail to be applicable employee remuneration merely because it is includible in the income of, or paid to, a person other than the covered employee, including after the death of the covered employee.’’. 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014. Mr. SESSIONS (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to commit be considered as read. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to commit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 168, nays 243, not voting 22, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 234, nays 172, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 26, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer 
Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
Lynch Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Stated against: Ms. DELAURO. Madam Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and so I missed rollcall vote No. 6 regarding the ‘‘The Rules Package for the 114th Congress’’ (H. Res. 5). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
rollcall No. 6, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to resolutions: 
In the Senate of the United States, January 6, 2015. 
House of Representatives that a quorum of the Senate is assembled and that the Senate is ready to proceed to business. 
In the Senate of the United States, January 6, 2015. 
Resolved , That the House of Representatives be notified of the election of the Honorable Orrin G. Hatch as President of the Senate pro tempore. 
In the Senate of the United States, January 6, 2015. 
Resolved , That the House of Representatives be notified of the election of the Honorable Julie E. Adams as Secretary of the Senate. 
In the Senate of the United States, January 6, 2015. 
Resolved , That the House of Representatives be notified of the election of the Honorable Frank J. Larkin as Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate. 
Speaker, by direction of the Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named Members be, and are hereby, elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE : Mr. Kline, Chair. 
Meehan; Mr. Gowdy; Mrs. Brooks of Indiana; and Mr. Marchant. 
Miller of Michigan, Chair; Mr. Harper; Mr. Schock; Mr. Nugent; Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois; and Mrs. Comstock. 
Ms. Foxx; Mr. Cole; Mr. Woodall; Mr. Burgess; Mr. Stivers; and Mr. Collins of Georgia. COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY : Mr. Smith of Texas, Chair. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRA STRUCTURE : Mr. Shuster, Chair. 
the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the RECORD . 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
direction of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named Members be and are hereby elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
Lowey (when sworn), Ms. Kaptur, Mr. Visclosky, Mr. Serrano, Ms. DeLauro, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Ms. RoybalAllard, Mr. Farr, Mr. Fattah, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Ms. Lee of California, Mr. Schiff, Mr. Honda, Ms. McCollum, Mr. Israel, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Mr. Ruppersberger, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Mr. Cuellar, Ms. Pingree of Maine, and Mr. Quigley. 
Mr. Pallone, Mr. Rush, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Engel, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Ms. DeGette, Mrs. Capps, Mr. Doyle, Ms. Schakowsky, Mr. Butterfield, Ms. Matsui, Ms. Castor of Florida, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. McNerney, Mr. Welch, Mr. Ben Ray Luja ´n of New Mexico, Mr. 
Tonko (when sworn), Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. Clarke of NY, Mr. Loebsack, Mr. Schrader, Mr. Kennedy, and Mr. Ca ´rdenas. 
Waters (when sworn), Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York (when sworn), Ms. Vela´zquez (when sworn), Mr. Sherman, Mr. 
Meeks (when sworn), Mr. Capuano, Mr. Hinojosa, Mr. Clay, Mr. Lynch, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. Cleaver, Ms. Moore, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Himes, Mr. Carney, Ms. Sewell of Alabama, Mr. Foster, Mr. Kildee, Mr. Murphy of Florida, Mr. Delaney, Ms. Sinema, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Heck of Washington, and Mr. Vargas. 
Mr. McGovern, Mr. Hastings of Florida, and Mr. Polis. 
Levin, Mr. Rangel (when sworn), Mr. McDermott, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Neal, Mr. Becerra, Mr. Doggett, Mr. Thompson of California, Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Mr. Blumenauer, Mr. Kind, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Crowley (when sworn), Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, and Ms. Linda T. Sa ´nchez of California. 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
offer a resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
Pay Act of 1929, as amended, the six minority employees authorized therein shall be the following named persons, effective January 6, 2015, until otherwise ordered by the House, towit: Nadeam Elshami, George Kundanis, Diane Dewhirst, Richard Meltzer, Wyndee Parker, and Drew Hammill, each to receive gross compensation pursuant to the provisions of House Resolution 119, Ninetyfifth Congress, as enacted into permanent law by section 115 of Public Law 95–94. In addition, the Minority Leader may appoint and set the annual rate of pay for up to 3 further minority employees. 
MEETING OF THE FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
the hour of daily meeting of the House shall be 2 p.m. on Mondays; noon on Tuesdays (or 2 p.m. if no legislative business was conducted on the preceding Monday); noon on Wednesdays and Thursdays; and 9 a.m. on all other days of the week. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Hire More 
UNDER TRICARE OR THE VETERANS ADMINISTRATION NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN DETERMINING EMPLOYERS TO WHICH THE EMPLOYER MANDATE APPLIES UNDER PATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
UNDER TRICARE OR THE VETERANS ADMINISTRA TION.—Solely for purposes of determining 
whether an employer is an applicable large employer under this paragraph for any month, an individual shall not be taken into account as an employee for such month if such individual has medical coverage for such month under— 
chapter 17 or 18 of title 38, United States Code, as determined by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L EVIN) each 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within to which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 22, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
ObamaCare would penalize a small business for hiring a veteran. 
says if you have at least 50 fulltime employees, you must give all of them health insurance even if they are already getting health insurance elsewhere. In fact, over 9 million veterans are already getting health care through the VA, but they are not exempt. Every employer has to cover them anyway. 
So here is what is happening. Businesses have an incentive to turn away veterans, not because they don’t want to hire them, but because it is too expensive to hire them. This is serving as a penalty to hiring our Nation’s veterans. 
Madam Speaker, nobody works harder than our men and women that serve us in our military. They fought for our country, and they sacrificed. The least we can do is remove this penalty from putting a veteran on your payroll. The way I see it is we owe it to them. We should make it as easy as possible for them to find a job. That is what we are trying to do with this legislation. 
What this bill says is that if you are 
already getting health care through TRICARE or the VA, then you are exempt from the mandate. Anyone can hire you without any fear of this penalty. I think we can all agree that more veterans on the payroll means a healthier economy for all of us. 
from ObamaCare. All of us need relief from this law that we think is going to collapse under its own weight, but I consider this bill as an installment plan, as one piece of our ongoing efforts to fully repeal and replace this law. 
Madam Speaker, we have an enormous generation of talented men and women who have served this country so honorably overseas in the recent years. The least we can do is make it easier for an employer to hire them and remove this penalty that puts a price tag on hiring the bravest among us. 
Most of all, I want to thank Congressman RODNEY DAVIS for bringing 
this issue to our attention. I want to thank Congressman DAVIS for introducing this legislation. 
First of all, I would like to congratulate Mr. R YAN on your selection in 
election, I guess, as chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. We look forward to working together. 
This bill encourages the hiring of veterans. The unemployment rate has continued to decline for post9/11 veterans, 
and these improvements are part of a larger economic recovery. 
rate for these veterans was nearly 10 percent. One year later, the rate has dropped to 5.7 percent, the national average; yet for female post9/11 veterans, the unemployment rate remains high, above 8 percent. 
This bill continues as part of our national commitment to help the veterans of this country. I want to emphasize this if I might: as we legislate, we need to balance priorities. We need to maintain—very differently than just spoken—the basic structure of ACA, which is providing millions and millions of Americans with insurance and with coverage they never had. 
of the veterans of this country who have served this Nation and serve this Nation so well. That is a supreme obligation of this institution; therefore, I support this legislation and reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, at this time, I would like to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Topeka, Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ), a 
lawmaker in 2010 when the President’s partisan health care law was passed through Congress and became law. I worried at the time that it would take our health care system in the wrong direction and would lead to numerous unintended consequences that could hurt American families. Now that the law is being implemented, we can see that this is indeed true. 
a troublesome and confusing piece of the President’s health care law. The American people want to see it fixed. The legislation that we are debating right now will exempt those who employ members of our Nation’s military and veterans from the employer mandate. 
Because our current and former servicemembers already receive health care from TRICARE and the VA, it simply does not make sense to force small businesses to treat these folks as if they do not have health insurance, which drives up the cost of doing business, leaving less for employees’ salaries. In fact, the current law effectively punishes small businesses for hiring these heroes. 
Madam Speaker, I was a proud cosponsor and supporter of this legislation in the last Congress, and I am happy to again stand today in support of this commonsense provision. I ask that you support it. 
now my pleasure to yield as much time as she shall consume to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ), 
and now serves all of the people of Hawaii and I think, once again, all the people of this country. 
am rising today in very strong support of this Hire More Heroes Act introduced by my friend, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS), 
someone whom I have been privileged to work with and am proud to cosponsor this legislation. 
idea, it was a nobrainer that I would support it because of the key constituencies that this legislation serves: our veterans and our small businesses. In addition to that, I think, as we kick off this 114th Congress, it is a great message and exactly the right tone that we are focused on these two constituencies. 
health insurance through the VA or from the DOD from being counted toward that 50employee limit under the Affordable Care Act, this legislation creates important incentives. It encourages small businesses to grow and expand their workforce, and it establishes an incentive to hire more veterans. 
Madam Speaker, there are many people who already receive insurance because of their service to our country. I used to be one of them. I was covered under TRICARE for a long period of time after both of my deployments to the Middle East, and it just makes sense that these individuals who already have great medical coverage would not have to count towards the numbers of employees that would trigger the employer mandate under the Affordable Care Act. 
serving veterans. Servicemembers who are transitioning to civilian life bring exceptional training, critical skill sets, and proven leadership ability back to their local communities. 
facing an unacceptable number of unemployed veterans, people who are experienced, who are capable and energetic, who are coming back from serving oftentimes in conflicts overseas. These are veterans who will serve as a great asset to businesses and organizations of any size because they come with a builtin unique work ethic, a great deal of training, and realworld experience. These are people who are highly disciplined, who know what it means to work as a member of a team. They know what it means to put the mission first, and they are servant leaders at their very best. 
businesses to hire these veterans and, in turn, helps these veterans be successful in their transition to civilian life. This commonsense legislation benefits both veterans and small businesses, while also growing our economy. I urge all of our colleagues to strongly support H.R. 22. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ). 
my district and 20 million veterans across America who deserve the opportunity to have a job with the Hire More Heroes Act. The bill makes a change to ObamaCare and encourages small businesses to hire more veterans by exempting veterans as long as they already have health insurance. 
under ObamaCare requires that all businesses with more than 50 employees provide health insurance to their employers or pay a penalty. But according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the unemployment rate for veterans last year was 6.6 percent, for those who served on Active Duty after 9/11 it was 9 percent. What saddens me about this is both of these percentages were higher than the national average of 6.3 percent. 
America should be jobless because of ObamaCare’s employer mandate. Our brave men and women return from serving our Nation, return to civilian life while facing many challenges. Getting a job should not be one of them. This bill will ensure that employers can and will hire veterans and will not be penalized. 
bill. We must do everything in our power to ensure our finest men and women who come home have every opportunity we promised them. 
Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  
Madam Speaker, I thank you for this opportunity today. Chairman RYAN, 
my colleague from the great State of Michigan, I thank you for your support for this piece of legislation. 
sworn in, each of us swearing to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. A new Congress is another opportunity to do the people’s work, to further the ideas and priorities of our constituents and put our Nation on solid footing for an even brighter future. 
is opening with the Hire More Heroes Act, a bill that I have introduced and an idea that didn’t come from Washington, D.C. It began with a constituent of mine, Brad Lavite, who is actually up in the gallery today. Brad had this idea, and as a superintendent of the Madison County Veterans’ Assistance Commission, I am proud to have him here today to see the culmination of what that idea has turned into and the bipartisan support that you see for this idea on the floor of the 
living in Madison County navigate the VA system and actually find other resources, including helping our veterans find employment. After explaining ObamaCare to veterans throughout southwestern Illinois and how it impacts their VA health benefits, he began wondering why they were subject to the employer mandate if they were not even in need of health care coverage. Brad raised his concern with me at one of our veterans advisory board meetings, and shortly thereafter we began work on the Hire More Heroes Act. 
more of our Nation’s veterans by making a commonsense change to ObamaCare. In just a few months, the President’s health care law will mark its fifth anniversary; 5 years of delays, canceled policies, costly Web site glitches, and increased outofpocket expenses for hardworking middle class families. Unfortunately, the law’s problems don’t end there. We continue to see its lingering impact on our economy as many small businesses delay hiring, cut hours, and, in some cases, reduce payroll. In fact, the National Small Business Association found that 91 percent of small businesses have seen increases in their health care costs, and twothirds of their members listed ObamaCare as a reason for holding off on investing in people. And, Madam Speaker, I must remind everybody that investing in people is how we create jobs here in America. 
veterans already enrolled in their own health care plans through the Department of Defense or through the VA from being counted toward the 50employee limit as part of the employer mandate required under ObamaCare. By making this commonsense change to the law, we will not only provide small businesses with muchneeded relief, but also help more of our veterans find work. 
training in the world, post9/11 veterans are consistently faced with higher unemployment rates than that of other veterans. So as more and more of our veterans return home, the Hire More Heroes Act will give those who have sacrificed and served our country a leg up in a very competitive job market. Last Congress, this legislation passed this House overwhelmingly by a count of 406–1, almost as bipartisan as you can get, but it was held up in the Senate. 
example of the bipartisan bills that the House will bring up this Congress. Later this week, we will further the American people’s call for greater energy independence and job creation by voting to approve the Keystone XL pipeline and by helping Americans by restoring the 40hour workweek under ObamaCare. With a new Congress, and 
us, we have an opportunity to end the stagnation in Washington and make our government work for the people again. 
the oath that they have just taken and help hire more of our heroes by voting ‘‘yes’’ on this piece of legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to avoid references to occupants in the gallery. 
Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), the 
a commitment to the American people, a commitment to produce solutions that grow our economy and create more opportunity and help our small businesses and make life better for working families. Today, the new American Congress begins the work of making good on that commitment, and we start with a bill that helps two groups critical to America’s success: our veterans and our small businesses. 
The Hire More Heroes Act is a bipartisan bill which passed the House, as has been mentioned before, with more than 400 votes last year. It would make it easier for small businesses to hire veterans by exempting those veterans who already receive health care at the VA from ObamaCare’s costly employer mandate. This commonsense solution offsets the cost of hiring a veteran by addressing one of ObamaCare’s many failures, and there are many. 
and many of my colleagues believe that ObamaCare should be repealed in its entirety. It may take awhile to do that, and so we can do some other things in the meantime. This is one of those things, a realistic thing which will actually help the American people. 
burdens on small businesses looking to grow and individuals looking for work. This bill alleviates one of the many burdens ObamaCare places on our small businesses and, in doing so, helps our returning war fighters find meaningful work. 
the majority of new jobs created in America today. As the new incoming chairman of the House Small Business Committee, my goal each day will be to make life better for America’s small businesses so they can continue to innovate and create jobs for more Americans who are seeking them. 
come down to some degree, we need to do a lot better. The bill before us today is an important step towards that goal and towards our commitment to the 
American people to create more jobs, real jobs in the private sector. I encourage my colleagues to support the bill. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ), a member of the Ways and 
today in strong support of the Hire More Heroes Act. In my home State of Tennessee, we have over 525,000 veterans who have served our country in both war and peace—veterans, people like my son, Steve, and my husband, Dave. 
But today, too many of these Americans are struggling to find work. In fact, the unemployment rate among postSeptember 11 veterans is chronically higher than the national unemployment rate. I believe that we can do better. After all, our veterans have sacrificed for our country. Congress should, at the very least, make certain that Washington does not stand between them and access to a steady job. 
accomplish this by exempting veterans who already have health insurance from being counted as fulltime workers under ObamaCare’s employer mandate, meaning that business owners can hire veterans without fear of being slapped with an ObamaCare penalty. That is why this body passed the legislation by an overwhelming vote of 406– 1 last year. Unfortunately, our efforts were stonewalled in the Democratcontrolled Senate. But today, we have an opportunity to start anew. 
on the Hire More Heroes Act, and I thank the gentleman from Illinois for his work on this critical measure. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
to work. A constituent in central Illinois, Brad Lavite, approaches his Congressman, Congressman DAVIS, and 
says there is a problem with the law affecting our Nation’s veterans. So his Congressman goes to work, does the research, and then writes legislation to fix the law, and here we are. This is how it is supposed to work. This is how the Founders intended the Congress to work. 
saying there will not be a penalty based on the health care law affixed to our veterans. We have got a new, great generation. We have all read the books and heard the stories, and it is true, of the Greatest Generation, the World War II generation. We now have a new great generation, the men and women since 9/11 who have bravely fought for this country and sacrificed for us are a generation of people who have developed the kinds of leadership skills, the 
kinds of courage, the experiences, the sacrifices their families made, and they are bringing that home to serve our country even further. They are bringing this great experience and talent and skills to our economy. We need to remove every conceivable barrier that exists that prevents them from sharing these talents with us. 
This bill takes us a big step in the 
right direction to removing this barrier that disincentivizes a small business from hiring a veteran and instead turns it into an incentive so we can hire our heroes, our veterans. 
to, as we legislate, balance priorities. We have here a very different view of the ACA than has been expressed by several. But that isn’t the point of this legislation. This is about the veterans of this country. 
debate that some other time. We have very different views. This is no way a precedent to that. We will debate the 40hour week later this week. We have some very different views, to put it mildly, about the legislation entitled the ‘‘40hour week.’’ 
I should also like to point out regarding ACA that businesses, small businesses with fewer than 50 employees, aren’t even required to contribute to or offer insurance to their employees. 
This bill is called the Heroes Act because the focus of this bill is to make sure that there isn’t any disincentive for anybody to hire veterans. The rate of unemployment for veterans has been higher. I had the chance in Roseville, Michigan, to meet with veterans, Vietnam veterans, some months ago. I was deeply troubled by the high rate of unemployment for those Vietnam veterans. This country has not done an adequate job in terms of making sure that veterans have a real opportunity to work. 
That is the tribute that we must provide, and it is more than a tribute; it is an obligation to those who have served this Nation. That is why this is called the Heroes Act. Let’s not distort it. Let’s not undermine what is the purpose of this legislation. Those who have served deserve as our priority any reasonable effort to provide them with the opportunity that they want. They have served. Now they want to work. We need to make sure they have that opportunity to work. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of the time only to say that our constituents have been very clear to all of us on both sides of the aisle that they want to see us come together to find 
common ground to make a positive difference in the lives of Americans, particularly our veterans, and this bipartisan effort reflects that. 
I am very proud to be here with Congressman DAVIS, with Congressman 
to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) that the House suspend the rules 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 412, nays 0, not voting 3, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Emmer Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam 
Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader 
Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
on January 6, 2015—I was not present for rollcall votes 6 and 7. If I had been present for these votes, I would have voted: ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 6, ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 7, the Hire 
More Heroes Act, as I had done previously in the 113th Congress when it passed the House (rollcall vote 115) on March 11, 2014. 
REGARDING CONSENT TO ASSEMBLE OUTSIDE THE SEAT OF GOVERNMENT 
offer a privileged concurrent resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
section 5, article I of the Constitution, during the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress the Speaker of the House and the Majority Leader of the Senate or their respective designees, acting jointly after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House and the Minority Leader of the Senate, may notify the Members of the House and the Senate, respectively, to assemble at a place outside the District of Columbia if, in their opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
AUTHORIZING SPEAKER, MAJORITY LEADER, AND MINORITY LEADER TO ACCEPT RESIGNATIONS AND MAKE APPOINTMENTS DURING THE 114TH CONGRESS 
ask unanimous consent that during the 114th Congress, the Speaker, majority leader, and minority leader be authorized to accept resignations and to make appointments authorized by law or by the House. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
ask unanimous consent that during the 114th Congress all Members be permitted to extend their remarks and to include extraneous material within the permitted limit in that section of the RECORD entitled ‘‘Extensions of Remarks.’’ 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
ask unanimous consent that during the first session of the 114th Congress: 
Tuesday when the House convenes pursuant to House Resolution 9, the House 
time otherwise established by the resolution for the purpose of conducting morninghour debate; 
or Thursday when the House convenes pursuant to House Resolution 9, the House shall convene 2 hours earlier than the time otherwise established by the resolution for the purpose of conducting morninghour debate; 
shall be allocated equally between the parties and may not continue beyond 10 minutes before the hour appointed for the resumption of the session of the House; and 
approval of the Journal and the Pledge of Allegiance to the flag shall be postponed until resumption of the session of the House; 
the Speaker only pursuant to lists submitted by the majority leader and by the minority leader; 
House for longer than 5 minutes, except the majority leader, the minority leader, or the minority whip; 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
your committee appointed on the part of the House to join a like committee on the part of the Senate to notify the President of the United States that a quorum of each House has been assembled and is ready to receive any communication that he may be pleased to make has performed that duty. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 42 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, January 7, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Comptroller, Department of Defense, transmitting a report of a violation of the Antideficiency Act, Navy case number 1301, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1351; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
2. A letter from the Clerk, U.S. House of 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. CRAMER (for himself, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. U PTON , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. D ENHAM , and Mrs. 
H.R. 3. A bill to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 21. A bill to provide for a comprehensive assessment of the scientific and technical research on the implications of the use 
purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. R OSKAM , 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. L AMALFA , Ms. J ENKINS of 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. C OOK, Mr. G RIFFITH, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. K ELLY  
WOODALL , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. R IGELL , 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. J ONES , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mrs. E LLMERS , Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. E MMER , Mr. K INGof 
Iowa, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
WALDEN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. H ARDY , 
Florida, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. Z ELDIN , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. R EED, 
Mr. R OSS, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. D UFFY , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
Ohio, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. W AGNER , 
Mr. R UIZ, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. L ONG, 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. W HITFIELD , 
ROKITA , Mr. M ICA, Mr. C RAWFORD , 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. 
H.R. 22. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. considered and passed. considered and passed. 
Texas, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Mr. 
AMODEI , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. 
GARRETT , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. G OHMERT , 
Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. J ONES , Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
Mr. W OMACK , Mrs. E LLMERS , Mr. 
LOBIONDO , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. H ARPER, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mr. A MASH , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. T HOMP SONof Pennsylvania, Mr. D UNCAN of 
JOLLY , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. C LAWSON of 
H.R. 24. A bill to require a full audit of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C ONAWAY , 
Mr. K LINE, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. M ILLER  
BRADY of Texas, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. Y ODER , 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
MICA, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
ROEof Tennessee, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. F RANKS  
GRANGER , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. D ESANTIS , 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. F LORES , Mr. D UNCAN  
FARENTHOLD , Mr. O LSON , Mr. H ARRIS , 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. 
WITTMAN , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. M ULLIN , 
Mr. C HABOT , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. B RAT, 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia): 
H.R. 25. A bill to promote freedom, fairness, and economic opportunity by repealing the income tax and other taxes, abolishing the Internal Revenue Service, and enacting a national sales tax to be administered primarily by the States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
date of the Terrorism Insurance Program established under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, 
for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
MARINO , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. W ALBERG , 
FLORES , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. C HABOT , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. L ONG, Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
Mr. A MASH , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. G OSAR , 
Revenue Code of 1986; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 28. A bill to approve the Keystone XL 
pipeline project permit; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Tennessee, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. D UNCANof Tennessee, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. C OOK, Mr. M ARINO , Mrs. 
Carolina, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. B URGESS, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
H.R. 29. A bill to prohibit the use of funds 
for granting deferred action or other immigration relief to aliens not lawfully present 
in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
PAULSEN , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. S CHOCK , 
JONES , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
BUCHANAN , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. W OMACK , 
Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
SANFORD , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
Michigan, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. P ETER SON, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
BRAT, Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. M EADOWS , 
WOODALL , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. K ATKO , 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. B ARR, Mr. S TIVERS , 
Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. L ATTA , 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
STEWART , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. M ESSER , 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. B UCSHON , 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. C OSTELLO  
Mr. B URGESS , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. T IPTON, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. H URTof 
Virginia, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mrs. L UMMIS, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. D OLD, 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. F LORES , Mr. S HIMKUS , 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. D IAZ 
BALART , Mr. K LINE, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. N UNNELEE , 
Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. 
ISSA, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. S MITH of 
Missouri, Mrs. E LLMERS , Ms. S INEMA , 
Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mrs. M IMI 
H.R. 30. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30hour threshold for classification as a fulltime employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and replace it with 40 hours; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 31. A bill to prohibit the use of funds 
forth in the memoranda issued by the Secretary of Homeland Security on November 20, 2014, or the memoranda issued by the President on November 21, 2014, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
and Nationality Act to expand the definition of an unauthorized alien to include aliens who have not been admitted to and are not lawfully present in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 33. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Texas, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. D EFAZIO, and 
the tsunami detection, forecast, warning, research, and mitigation program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 35. A bill to increase the understanding of the health effects of low doses of ionizing radiation; to the Committee on 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for himself and Mrs. B LACKBURN ): 
H.R. 36. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to protect paincapable unborn children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
GOSAR , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. F INCHER ): 
H.R. 37. A bill to make technical corrections to the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, to reduce regulatory burdens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
PITTENGER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. H ARRIS , 
Tennessee, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. P ALAZZO , and 
branch from exempting from removal categories of aliens considered under the immigration laws to be unlawfully present in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 39. A bill to make 1 percent across 
theboard rescissions in nondefense, non homelandsecurity, and nonveteransaffairs discretionary spending for each of the fiscal years 2015 and 2016; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
H.R. 40. A bill to acknowledge the fundamental injustice, cruelty, brutality, and inhumanity of slavery in the United States and the 13 American colonies between 1619 and 1865 and to establish a commission to examine the institution of slavery, subsequently de jure and de facto racial and economic discrimination against AfricanAmericans, and the impact of these forces on living AfricanAmericans, to make recommendations to the Congress on appropriate remedies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 41. A bill to enhance Federal enforcement of hate crimes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 42. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require hospitals reimbursed under the Medicare system to establish and implement security procedures to reduce the likelihood of infant patient abduction and baby switching, including procedures for identifying all infant patients in the hospital in a manner that ensures that it will be evident if infants are missing from the hospital; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 43. A bill to provide for emergency deployments of United States Border Patrol agents and to increase the number of DEA and ATF agents along the international border of the United States to increase resources to identify and eliminate illicit 
sources of firearms into Mexico for use by violent drug trafficking organizations and for other lawful activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
HOYER , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. S ABLAN , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ONDA , and Ms. 
H.R. 44. A bill to implement the recommendations of the Guam War Claims Review Commission; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 45. A bill to provide for research and 
education with respect to triplenegative breast cancer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
standard required to convict a person for a drug offense, to require screening of law enforcement officers or others acting under color of law participating in drug task forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 47. A bill to ensure secure gun storage 
and gun safety devices; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 48. A bill to require a review of the 
completeness of the Terrorist Screening Database (TSDB) maintained by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the derivative terrorist watchlist utilized by the Transportation Security Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 49. A bill to make 2 percent across 
theboard rescissions in nondefense, non homelandsecurity, and nonveteransaffairs discretionary spending for each of the fiscal years 2015 and 2016; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
By Ms. FOXX (for herself and Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California): 
safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, Rules, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 51. A bill to provide for the collection 
of data on traffic stops, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
and Nationality Act to comprehensively reform immigration law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 53. A bill to codify an office within 
the Department of Homeland Security with the mission of strengthening the capacity of the agency to attract and retain highly trained computer and information security professionals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, 
Science, Space, and Technology, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 54. A bill to enhance the security of 
chemical facilities and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 55. A bill to require the Director of 
National Intelligence to conduct a study on the use of contractors for intelligence activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). 
persons who knowingly provide material support or resources to the Donbass People’s Militia or its affiliates, associated groups, or agents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
carried out by the United States in South Sudan relating to governance, reconstruction and development, and refugee relief and assistance will support the basic human rights of women and women’s participation and leadership in these areas; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 58. A bill to make 5 percent across 
theboard rescissions in nondefense, non homelandsecurity, and nonveteransaffairs discretionary spending for each of the fiscal years 2015 and 2016; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
H.R. 59. A bill to provide for a reduction in 
the amount that may be awarded to a unit of local government under subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.) for a unit of local government that funds an amount that is greater than 18 percent of its operating budget using revenue generated from collecting fines and other fees related to violations of traffic laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 60. A bill to require the Director of 
National Intelligence to conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing a Cyber Defense National Guard; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). 
H.R. 61. A bill to preserve the access of victims of trafficking to information about their eligibility to receive SNAP benefits; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 62. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1900 West Gray Street in Houston, Texas, as the ‘‘Hazel Hainsworth Young Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 63. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to develop a database that shall serve as a central location for information from investigations relating to human trafficking for Federal, State, and 
local law enforcement agencies; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 64. A bill to encourage States to provide for enhanced sentencing penalties for persons convicted of committing, or attempting to commit, an act of domestic violence in the presence of minor children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 65. A bill to require the Director of 
National Intelligence to conduct a study on the use of contractors for intelligence activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). 
H.R. 66. A bill to require the Attorney General to disclose each decision, order, or opinion of a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court that includes significant legal interpretation of section 501 or 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 unless such disclosure is not in the national security interest of the United States and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 67. A bill to establish a grant program 
to empower relatives, friends, and coworkers of domestic violence victims to create safety plans; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to enhance the use of Juvenile Accountability Block Grants for programs to prevent and address occurrences of bullying and to reauthorize the Juvenile Accountability Block Grants program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Gold Medal to Malala Yousafzai, a recipient of the Nobel Prize for Peace, in recognition of her devoted service to education, justice, and equality in Pakistan; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 70. A bill to direct the Secretary of Interior and the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, to initiate immediate action to create jobs in America, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 71. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide an alternate release date for certain nonviolent offenders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 72. A bill to establish a grant program 
for nebulizers in elementary and secondary schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 73. A bill to establish a grant program 
for stipends to assist in the cost of compensation paid by employers to certain recent college graduates and to provide funding for their further education in subjects relating to mathematics, science, engineering, and technology; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to provide grants to States and units of local government for the video recording of custodial interrogations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 75. A bill to prohibit States from carrying out more than one Congressional redistricting after a decennial census and apportionment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 76. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit to encourage private employers to hire veterans, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the reasonable efforts an employer may make under the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act with respect to hiring veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 77. A bill to provide for the appointment of additional immigration judges; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 78. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
Labor to make grants to States, units of local government, and Indian tribes to carry out employment training programs to assist longterm unemployed job hunters obtain the skills and training to reenter the workforce and fill jobs in highgrowth sectors of the economy; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 79. A bill to conduct a study to ensure 
that enhanced communication is provided between commercial aircraft and air traffic control towers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 80. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to establish an Ombudsman Office within the Transportation Security Administration for the purpose of enhancing transportation security by providing confidential, informal, and neutral assistance to address workplace related problems of Transportation Security Administration employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 81. A bill to increase the number of 
Federal air marshals for certain flights, require criminal investigative training for such marshals, create an office and appoint an ombudsman for the marshals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
under which the Secretary of Homeland Security may commence U.S. Customs and Border Protection security screening operations at a preclearance facility outside the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 83. A bill to assist States and local 
governments develop and implement emergency notification systems suitable for use on public recreational lands, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 84. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to take actions to ensure that not fewer than 2 air traffic controllers are on duty and physically situated within the air traffic control room or tower of certain airports at all times during periods of airfield operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 85. A bill to codify the objective of 
Presidential Policy Directive 21 to improve critical infrastructure security and resilience, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
School Zones Act of 1990 and amendments to that Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 87. A bill to modify the boundary of 
the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 88. A bill to amend subtitle IV of title 
40, United States Code, regarding county additions to the Appalachian region; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 89. A bill to provide for expedited approval of exportation of natural gas to World Trade Organization countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
General of the United States to conduct reviews of certain budget requests of the President for the medical care accounts of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 91. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 92. A bill to provide that rates of pay 
Government recognition of Russia’s annexation of Crimea; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 94. A bill to permit the televising of 
Supreme Court proceedings; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. 
H.R. 95. A bill to amend chapter 9 of title 
11 of the United States Code to improve protections for employees and retirees in municipal bankruptcies; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 96. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide for the protection of the general public, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
COHEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. J ACKSON  
H.R. 97. A bill to amend title 11, United 
States Code, to improve protections for employees and retirees in business bankruptcies; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. N ORTON ): 
H.R. 98. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code to dispense with the requirement of providing assurance of payment for utility services under certain circumstances; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
activities and to provide that health insurance issuers and medical malpractice insurance issuers are subject to the antitrust laws of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 100. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code to stop abusive student loan collection practices in bankruptcy cases; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
COHEN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia, Mr. M CDERMOTT , and 
H.R. 101. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code with respect to modification of certain mortgages on principal residences, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
crime database, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
through increased law enforcement presence and enhanced public safety equipment and programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 105. A bill to ensure and foster continued patient safety and quality of care by clarifying the application of the antitrust laws to negotiations between groups of health care professionals and health plans and health care insurance issuers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to restore State sovereignty over public education and parental rights over the education of their children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 107. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to increase from 1 to 2 years the post employment restrictions on Members of the House of Representatives; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 108. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide for the termination of further retirement coverage of Members of Congress, except for the right to participate in the Thrift Savings Plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 109. A bill to provide that no pay adjustment for Members of Congress shall be made with respect to any pay period occurring during the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 110. A bill to provide for rates of pay 
for Members of Congress to be adjusted as a function of changes in Government spending; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 111. A bill to protect the Social Security and Medicare trust funds from the public debt limit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 112. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to restore the 10 year statute of limitations applicable to collection of debt by administrative offset, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 113. A bill to improve the accountability and transparency of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
the capital of Israel, to relocate to Jerusalem the United States Embassy in Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 115. A bill to prohibit the Transportation Security Administration from performing security screening operations for surface transportation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
concerns operating in the United States to elect to be exempt from certain Federal rules and regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
H.R. 117. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the mandate that individuals purchase health insurance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 118. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce the Federal tax on fuels by the amount of any increase in the rate of tax on such fuel by the States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to increase transparency in Federal budgeting, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 120. A bill to repeal the War Powers 
Resolution; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 121. A bill to allow a State to opt out 
of K12 education grant programs and the requirements of those programs, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a credit to taxpayers in such a State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. CUMMINGS , Ms. B ROWN of 
of Texas, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. M OORE , Mr. C LEAVER , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
CLYBURN , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. F UDGE , and 
H.R. 122. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act to provide for the calculation of the minimum wage based on the Federal poverty threshold for a family of 4, as determined by the Bureau of the Census; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself and Ms. CHUof California): 
H.R. 123. A bill to extend the pilot program 
under section 258 of the National Housing Act that establishes an automated process for providing alternative credit rating information for mortgagors and prospective mortgagors under certain mortgages; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 124. A bill to redesignate the Department of the Navy as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 125. A bill to authorize a pilot program to improve asset recovery levels, asset management, and homeownership retention with respect to delinquent singlefamily mortgages insured under the FHA mortgage insurance programs by providing for inperson contact outreach activities with mortgagors under such mortgages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 126. A bill to direct the Election Assistance Commission to carry out a pilot program under which the Commission shall provide funds to local educational agencies for initiatives to provide voter registration information to secondary school students in the 12th grade; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , and Mr. V EASEY ): 
H.R. 127. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to urbanized area formula grants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 128. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Labor to revise regulations concerning the recording and reporting of occupational injuries and illnesses under the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 129. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, with respect to the operation of longer combination vehicles on the Interstate System in the State of Idaho, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 130. A bill to amend the Black Lung 
Benefits Act to provide equity for certain eligible survivors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and 
H.R. 131. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 
18, United States Code, to more comprehensively address the interstate transportation of firearms or ammunition; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
BARR, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. W EBER of 
H.R. 132. A bill to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, the Judiciary, Natural Resources, House Administration, Rules, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 133. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for waivers of user fees imposed with respect to applications for reinstatement of taxexempt status of small, subsidiary taxexempt organizations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
economic zone of the United States as the ‘‘Ronald Wilson Reagan Exclusive Economic Zone of the United States‘‘; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 135. A bill to amend the National Historic Preservation Act to provide that if the head of the agency managing Federal property objects to the inclusion of certain property on the National Register or its designation as a National Historic Landmark for reasons of national security, the Federal property shall be neither included nor designated until the objection is withdrawn, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ISSA: 
H.R. 136. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
process in preplanned lethal operations that deliberately target citizens of the United States or citizens of strategic treaty allies of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 138. A bill to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the health carerelated provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 and to amend title 5, United States Code, to establish a national health program administered by the Office of Personnel Management to offer Federal employee health benefits plans to individuals who are not Federal employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Oversight and Government Reform, Education and the Workforce, Natural Resources, the Judiciary, Rules, Appropriations, and House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 139. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to require that Federal, State, and local agencies to which surplus military equipment and personal property is sold or donated demonstrate that agency personnel are certified, trained, or licensed, as appropriate, in the proper operation of the equipment prior to the sale or donation; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 140. A bill to amend section 301 of the 
Immigration and Nationality Act to clarify those classes of individuals born in the United States who are nationals and citizens of the United States at birth; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. JOLLY (for himself, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. 
H.R. 141. A bill to ensure fairness in premium rates for coverage for business properties and second homes under the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 142. A bill to amend the Coast Guard 
Authorization Act of 1989 to expand the Coast Guard Junior Reserve Officers Training Program Pilot Program to include a Coast Guard unit at Pinellas Park High School in Pinellas Park, Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 143. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the individual health insurance mandate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 144. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a maximum 
on taxpayers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 145. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the work opportunity tax credit and to allow the transfer of such credit in the case of contracted veterans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 146. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to ensure that members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty who are diagnosed with posttraumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury have access to hyperbaric oxygen therapy at military medical treatment facilities; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 147. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to determine and disclose the cost of any transportation provided by the Secretary to Members, officers, or employees of the House of Representatives or Senate who are carrying out official duties outside the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 148. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to ensure that every military chaplain has the prerogative to close a prayer outside of a religious service according to the dictates of the chaplain’s own conscience; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 149. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to permit candidates for election for Federal office to designate an individual who will be authorized to disburse funds of the authorized campaign committees of the candidate in the event of the death of the candidate; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 150. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to apply the prohibition against the conversion of contributions to personal use to contributions accepted by political committees; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 151. A bill to correct the boundaries of 
the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System Unit L06, Topsail, North Carolina; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 152. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to enter into an agreement to provide for management of the freeroaming wild horses in and around the Currituck National Wildlife Refuge; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 153. A bill to restore the Free Speech 
and First Amendment rights of churches and exempt organizations by repealing the 1954 Johnson Amendment; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 154. A bill to repeal the provisions of 
the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015, which amended the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to establish separate contribution limits for contributions made to national parties to support Presidential nominating conventions, national party headquarters buildings, and recounts; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. MARINO (for himself, Mr. HARPER, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. P OE of Texas, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. 
H.R. 155. A bill to provide that no funds appropriated or otherwise made available may be used to implement, administer, carry out, or enforce certain memoranda related to immigration; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MCCAUL (for himself, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. P OEof 
H.R. 156. A bill to repeal the crude oil export ban under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, Energy and Commerce, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 157. A bill to limit the use of cluster 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan (for herself and Mr. M CCAUL): 
H.R. 158. A bill to clarify the grounds for 
ineligibility for travel to the United States regarding terrorism risk, to expand the criteria by which a country may be removed from the Visa Waiver Program, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report on strengthening the Electronic System for Travel Authorization to better secure the international borders of the United States and prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
through trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
KIND, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. R OE 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. B UCSHON , 
Mrs. N OEM, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, 
Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. D IAZ 
BALART , Mr. H ARPER , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. T IBERI , Mrs. W AGNER , 
Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Ms. C LARK of 
York, Mr. D ENT, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B OUSTANY , 
BUCHANAN , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C OFFMAN, Mr. C OLE, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
COOK, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. DENHAM , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. D UFFY , 
Mr. F INCHER , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. P ALAZZO , Ms. D ELBENE, 
ROKITA , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. G RAVES of 
JOYCE , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C OLLINS of 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. F LORES , Ms. F OXX, 
Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
GOODLATTE , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G RAVES  
of Missouri, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. H UDSON, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
ISSA, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. J ORDAN, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. K ING 
of Iowa, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. M EEHAN , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. R EED, Mr. R EICHERT , 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B RAT, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. G ARRETT , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. H ARRIS , Mrs. H ARTZLER , 
BEUTLER , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. S AMJOHNSONof Texas, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. K LINE, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R ENACCI , 
of Florida, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. R OSS, 
Mr. R OYCE , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S CALISE , 
Mr. S CHOCK , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S MITH 
of Missouri, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. S TIVERS, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
TURNER , Mr. U PTON , Mr. V ALADAO , 
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. F ORBES , 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R IGELL , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. 
LEHTINEN , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. L OBIONDO , 
Mr. M ICA, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. 
AMASH , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. L YNCH , 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. E MMER , Mr. K ATKO , 
DOLD, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. B OST, 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. C ARTERof Georgia, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. H ILL, 
ASHFORD , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. W HITFIELD , 
Mr. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
BERA, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. M OOLENAAR , 
Mrs. L OVE, Mr. B UCK, Mr. P OLIQUIN , 
Mr. T ROTT , Mr. B LUM, Ms. S EWELL of 
Alabama, Mr. K EATING , Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 160. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
OLSON , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. J OHNSON  
H.R. 161. A bill to provide for the timely 
consideration of all licenses, permits, and approvals required under Federal law with respect to the siting, construction, expansion, or operation of any natural gas pipeline projects; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 162. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to allow certain loans that are not fully amortizing to be used in seller carryback financing on residential mortgage loans; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 163. A bill to require the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to collect, publish, and keep current an objective index of dollardenominated loan interest rates of various maturities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 164. A bill to require that the United 
States Government prioritize all obligations on the debt held by the public, Social Security benefits, and military pay in the event that the debt limit is reached, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 165. A bill to provide that the President shall submit to Congress a report detailing the priority of Federal spending if the statutory debt limit is reached, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 166. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to provide for the appointment of additional Federal circuit judges, to divide the Ninth Judicial Circuit of the United States into two judicial circuits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
district judgeship for the district of Idaho; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for himself, Mr. WALDEN , Mr. L OEBSACK , and 
H.R. 169. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to remove the 96hour physician certification requirement for inpatient critical access hospital services; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 170. A bill to extend the nonenforcement instruction for the Medicare direct supervision requirement for therapeutic hospital outpatient services insofar as it applies to critical access hospitals and rural hospitals, to require a study of the impact on critical access hospitals and rural hospitals 
of a failure to extend such instruction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, Energy and Commerce, the Judiciary, the Budget, Oversight and Government Reform, Ways and Means, and Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse‘‘; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
LAMALFA , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C RAMER , 
GRANGER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. C ONAWAY , 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. T URNER , Mr. W OMACK , 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. J ONES , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. M ILLER of Florida): 
H.R. 173. A bill to repeal the Federal estate 
and gift taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 174. A bill to provide that the salaries 
of Members of a House of Congress will be held in escrow if that House has not agreed to a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016 by April 15, 2015; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 175. A bill to provide for the revision 
of certification requirements for the labeling of certain electronic products under the Energy Star program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 176. A bill to amend the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 to permit the collection of user fees by nonFederal entities in connection with the challenge cost sharing program for management of recreation facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 177. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to continue the national security exemption from emissions regulations when an excess Department of Defense vehicle covered by the exemption is transferred to a firefighting agency in a State or to any other State agency; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
the Immigration and Nationality Act to add certain acts of allegiance to a foreign terrorist organization to the list of acts for which nationals of the United States lose nationality, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Reorganization Act of 1946 to reduce the rates of pay of Members of Congress by 5 percent and eliminate future costofliving adjustments in such rates of pay; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 180. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide for the termination of further retirement benefits for Members of Congress, except the right to continue 
participating in the Thrift Savings Plan; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , 
Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. W EBER of 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
TIPTON , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. G ROTHMAN , 
Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. S ALMON , and Mr. 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. H URT of 
Virginia, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. R OYCE , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. F ORBES , 
Mr. T URNER , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. G IBSON , 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. T IPTON , 
Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
support for designation of September 2015 as ‘‘Gospel Music Heritage Month’’ and honoring gospel music for its valuable and longstanding contributions to the culture of the 
United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to balancing the budget; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
amendment to the Constitution of the United States regarding the effect of treaties, Executive orders, and agreements with other nations or groups of nations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve to 4 in the House of Representatives and 2 in the Senate; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
amendment to the Constitution of the United States requiring that the Federal budget be balanced and that an increase in the Federal debt requires approval from a majority of the legislatures of the several States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. WOMACK (for himself, Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. J OHNSON  
amendment to the Constitution of the United States giving Congress power to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H. Con. Res. 1. Concurrent resolution regarding consent to assemble outside the seat of government; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. 
EDWARDS , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSONof Texas, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. T HOMP SON of Mississippi, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. B ASS, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 2. Concurrent resolution honoring and praising the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People on the occasion of its 106th anniversary; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H. Con. Res. 3. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that a commemorative postage stamp should be issued in honor of George Thomas ‘‘Mickey’’ Leland; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H. Con. Res. 4. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the First Special Service Force, in recognition of its superior service during World War II; to the Committee on House Administration. 
the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. MCCARTHY: 
H. Res. 2. A resolution to inform the Senate that a quorum of the House has assembled and of the election of the Speaker and the Clerk; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
Speaker to appoint a committee to notify the President of the assembly of the Congress; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
Clerk to inform the President of the election of the Speaker and the Clerk; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
designation of certain minority employees; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
hour of meeting of the First Session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the Transportation Security Administration should, in accordance with existing law, enhance security against terrorist attack and other security threats to our Nation’s rail and mass transit systems and other modes of surface transportation; and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama (for himself, Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G RIFFITH , 
Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. S MITH of Texas): 
H. Res. 11. A resolution providing for authority to initiate litigation for actions by the President or other executive branch officials inconsistent with their duties under the Constitution of the United States with respect to the implementation of the immigration laws; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for himself and Mr. CONNOLLY ): 
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Postal Service should take all appropriate measures to ensure the continuation of its 6day mail delivery service; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. 
EDWARDS , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSONof Texas, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. T HOMP SON of Mississippi, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. B ASS, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
H. Res. 13. A resolution recognizing the significance of Black History Month; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H. Res. 14. A resolution urging the president to release information regarding the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks upon the United States; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). 
Pope Francis on his election and recognizing his inspirational statements and actions; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Rules of the House of Representatives to prohibit the consideration of any bill or joint resolution carrying more than one subject; to the Committee on Rules. 
Rules of the House of Representatives to prohibit the consideration of a concurrent resolution to provide for a recess of the House after July 31 of any year unless the House has approved each regular appropriation bill for the next fiscal year; to the Committee on Rules. 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign nations and among the several States). 
H.R. 21. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 22. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 24. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of the Constitution: ‘‘To coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standards of weights and measures’’ and ‘‘to provide for the punishment of counterfeiting the securities and current coin of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 25. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 26. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 27. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 28. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 29. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 30. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, Congress is granted the power to lay and collect taxes. This provision grants Congress the authority over this particular piece of legislation. 
H.R. 31. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 32. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 34. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 35. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the Power to regulate Commerce with Foreign nations and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—‘‘Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the 
Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
H.R. 36. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has authority to extend protection to paincapable unborn children under the Supreme Court’s Commerce Clause precedents and under the Constitution’s grants of powers to Congress under the Equal Protection, Due Process, and Enforcement Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment. 
H.R. 37. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
H.R. 38. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Constitution of the United States, which grants Congress the Power ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization . . .’’ 
H.R. 39. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 40. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment to the United States Constitution, Congress shall have the power to enact appropriate laws protecting the civil rights of all Americans. 
H.R. 41. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 42. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 43. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 44. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
To make all rules and regulations respecting the Territories and possessions as enumerated in Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 46. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 47. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 48. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 49. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 50. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 51. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 52. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 53. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 54. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 55. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Sections 8, Clauses 1, 10, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 57. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 58. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 59. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 60. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 61. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 4, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 62. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 63. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 64. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 65. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 66. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 67. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States 
H.R. 68. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 69. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 70. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 71. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 72. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 73. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 74. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 75. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 76. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 77. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 4, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 78. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 79. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 80. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 81. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 82. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 83. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 84. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 85. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 86. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
This Act is justified by the lack of a mandate or assertion of authority in the United States Constitution for the federal government to establish the laws affected by this Act; by Article One of the United States Constitution that grants legislative powers; by the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution that recognizes the right to bear arms; and by the Ninth and Tenth Amendments to the United States Constitution, which recognize that rights and powers are retained and reserved by the people and to the States. 
H.R. 87. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution provides that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States,. . .’’ 
H.R. 88. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution provides that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States,. . .’’ 
H.R. 89. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause III: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations . . .’’ 
H.R. 90. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 91. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 92. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
joint resolution rests is the power of Congress as enumerated in Article I, Section 9 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 93. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is introduced pursuant to the authority delineated in Article I, Section I, which includes an implied power for the Congress to regulate the conduct of the United States with respect to foreign affairs. 
H.R. 94. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The ‘‘necessary and proper’’ clause of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 95. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 96. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 97. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 98. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 99. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 100. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 101. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 102. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 103. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clauses 1 and 18. 
H.R. 104. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 105. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 106. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1 and Section 9. This legislation changes the terms and conditions for receipt of federal dollars in order to reaffirm and restore the autonomous sovereign authority of the States over public education. The Constitution contains no reference to public education. Therefore, under the Tenth Amendment and the structure and text of the Constitution, control over public education is reserved to the States and the people of the United States. 
H.R. 107. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 108. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 6 of Article I of the 
Constitution, which states ‘‘The Senators and Representatives shall receive a compensation for their services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the treasury of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 109. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 6 of Article I of the 
Constitution, which states ‘‘The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United States.’’ and clause 1 of Section 1 of Article I, which states ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
H.R. 110. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 111. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 112. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 113. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes); Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 (To coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights and measures); Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 (To provide for the punishment of counterfeiting the securities and current coin of the United States); and Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 18 (To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department thereof). 
H.R. 114. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;), Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 (No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time), and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof). This legislation authorizes appropriations for ‘‘Acquisition and Maintenance of Buildings Abroad’’ for the Department of State, such sums as may be necessary to establish a United States Embassy in Israel in the capital of Jerusalem. 
H.R. 115. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Fourth Amendment to the Constitution (‘‘The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probably cause, supported by Oath of affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.’’) 
H.R. 116. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested). This legislation, through Congress’s power to regulate commerce with foreign powers and among the several states, gives small businesses the option to alleviate the burdens of onerous regulations that the federal government has imposed. 
H.R. 117. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;), Article I, Section 9, Clause 5 (No Capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid unless in Proportion to the Census or Enumeration herein before directed to be taken), and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof). In National Federation of Independent Business v. 
financial penalty for failing to purchase health insurance as mandated by the Affordable Care Act is a tax that Congress may impose through the taxing power. Even if the penalty imposed by the Affordable Care Act must be construed to be a tax, it does not satisfy the three types of taxes—income, excise, or direct—that are listed as valid in the Constitution. The penalty is not assessed on income so it is not a valid income tax. The penalty is not assessed uniformly and is triggered by economic inactivity so it is not a valid excise tax. Finally, the penalty is not apportioned among the states by population and therefore is not a valid direct tax. The tax imposed by the Affordable Care Act, by every measure, extends beyond the taxing power granted to Congress by the Constitution and it is only necessary and proper that Congress repeal the individual mandate. 
H.R. 118. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.’’ 
H.R. 119. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 120. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 (The Congress shall have power . . . to declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water). 
H.R. 121. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Tenth Amendment to the Constitution: ‘‘The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.’’ 
H.R. 122. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 123. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 124. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, of the U.S. Constitution (clauses 12, 13, 14, and 16) which grants Congress the powere to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
H.R. 125. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 127. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 128. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 129. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 3 (relating to the authority to regulate commerce among the several states). 
H.R. 130. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 131. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 132. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution, which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collected Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises.’’ Therefore, Congress’ taxing power would be the authority to repeal ObamaCare’s individual mandate. 
changes to existing law in a manner that returns power to the States and to the People, consistent with Amendment X of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 133. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 134. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States.’’ 
H.R. 135. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution which empowers Congress ‘‘To . . . provide for the common defence [sic] and general Welfare of the United States;’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 11 through 16 which give Congress additional authorities to ensure the national security of the United States; and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, which empowers Congress to ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of 
the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 136. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United 
States Constitution which empowers Congress ‘‘To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, which empowers Congress to ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 138. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 139. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 140. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution and Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution 
H.R. 141. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 142. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 143. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8, Article 1 The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 144. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause I, Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 145. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8, Article 1 The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 146. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
By Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution (clause 14), which grants Congress the power to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 5, of the U.S. Constitution which grants Congress the authority to determine the rules of its own proceedings, and Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, which grants Congress the authority to make rules for the government and regulation of the armed forces. 
H.R. 148. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article 1, section 8 of the United States Constitution (clauses 12, 13, 14, and 16), which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
H.R. 149. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 4 of the U.S. Constitution, which grants Congress the authority to make laws governing the time, places and manner of holding federal elections. 
H.R. 150. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4 of the U.S. Constitution, which states that ‘‘Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations’’ regarding the ‘‘Times, Places and Manner of holding elections.’’ 
H.R. 151. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 152. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 153. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by the First Amendment of the United States Constitution, which states that, among other things, Congress shall make no law prohibiting the free exercise of religion. 
H.R. 154. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
H.R. 155. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Appropriations Clause, Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States of America, which grants to Congress the authority necessary to limit or control spending by the federal government. 
H.R. 156. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
power . . . ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations.’’ 
H.R. 157. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 1 (to provide for 
the common Defense and general Welfare); Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 (to make Rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval Forces); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (to make laws necessary and proper . . . in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof). 
H.R. 158. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 159. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 160. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 162. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 163. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 164. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 165. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations 
made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time ‘‘ 
H.R. 166. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 9, which states ’’The Congress shall have Power . . . To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court.’’ 
that ‘‘The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish.’’ 
H.R. 167. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare 
of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States).’’ 
H.R. 168. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 9, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court.’’ 
that ‘‘The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish.’’ 
H.R. 169. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 170. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 171. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
interstate commerce under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution, it has the power to repeal such regulations. 
H.R. 172. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2 of Section 3 of Article IV of the 
Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
H.R. 173. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 174. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 175. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 176. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2—The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States. 
H.R. 177. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Clause 1, Section 8 of the United 
States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 178. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
a uniform rule of naturalization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States. 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 1: The migration or importation of such persons as any of the states now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each person. 
H.R. 179. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 6 The Senators and Representatives shall receive a compensation for their services, to be ascertained by law, and paid out of the treasury of the United States. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 6 The Senators and Representatives shall receive a compensation for their services, to be ascertained by law, and paid out of the treasury of the United States. By Mr. GOODLATTE: 
H.J. Res. 1. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
joint resolution is based is found in Article V of the Constitution, which grants Congress the authority, whenever two thirds of both chambers deem it necessary, to propose amendments to the Constitution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
joint resolution is based is found in Article V of the Constitution, which grants Congress the authority, whenever two thirds of both chambers deem it necessary, to propose amendments to the Constitution. 
H.J. Res. 3. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.J. Res. 4. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
joint resolution rests is the power of Congress as enumerated in Article V or the United States Constitution. 
H.J. Res. 5. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 6. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 7. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 8. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress, whenever two thirds of both houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of the Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states, or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress; provided that no amendment which may be made prior to the year one thousand 
eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first article; and that no state, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
thirds of both houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states, or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress; provided that no amendment which may be made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first article; and that no state, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
the Committee on Natural Resources in H.R. 3, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 3 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on the Ways and Means in H.R. 30 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 6, 2015 No. 1 
day prescribed by Public Law 113–201 for the meeting of the 1st Session of the 114th Congress, the Senate assembled in its Chamber at the Capitol and at 12:08 p.m. was called to order by the Vice President (Mr. BIDEN). 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Almighty God, Lord of our lives and 
sovereign of our beloved Nation, as we begin this 114th Congress, guide our lawmakers, old and new, on the right road. We confess our need for Your supernatural power to provide them with insight, innovation, and inspiration to solve the problems we face. 
Lord, give to our Senators uncommon guidance as they seek to do what is best for this land we love. Enable them to develop a slow exploratory wisdom, neither of the heart only nor of the head only, so that they will act with an integrity that will bring them to Your desired destination. May they not run from disquieting considerations but instead claim Your promise that the truth shall set us free. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
lays before the Senate one certificate of election to fulfill an unexpired term and the certificates of election for 33 Senators elected for 6year terms beginning January 3, 2015. All certificates, the Chair is advised, are in the 
form suggested by the Senate or contain all the requirements of the form suggested by the Senate. If there is no objection, the reading of the certificates will be waived and they will be printed in the RECORD . 
There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify, that on the 4th day of 
November, 2014, Lamar Alexander was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Tennessee a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Haslam, and our seal hereto affixed at Nashville this 2nd day of December, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the fourth day of 
November, 2014, Cory Booker, was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of New Jersey, a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the third day of January, 2015. 
of the State of New Jersey, this second day of December two thousand and fourteen. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the fourth day of 
November, Two Thousand Fourteen, Shelley Moore Capito was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of West Virginia a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years beginning on the third day of January, Two Thousand Fifteen. 
Ray Tomblin, and our seal hereto affixed at Charleston this tenth day of December, in the year of our Lord, Two Thousand Fourteen. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 6th day of December, 2014, ‘‘Bill’’ Cassidy was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Louisiana a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Bobby Jindal, and our seal hereto affixed at Baton Rouge, Louisiana, this 16th day of December, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November 2014, Thad Cochran was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Mississippi a Senator from Mississippi to represent Mississippi in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, Two Thousand Fifteen. 
hereto, at the City of Jackson, this the 8th day of December in the year of our Lord, Two Thousand Fourteen. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
Know Ye, That this is to certify, that on 
the fourth day of November, in the year Two Thousand and Fourteen, Susan M. Collins was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Maine, a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the third day of January, in the year Two Thousand and Fifteen. 
R. LePage, and our seal hereto affixed at Augusta, Maine this fifth day of December, in the year of our Lord Two Thousand and Fourteen. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day November, 2014, Christopher A. Coons was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Delaware a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3d day of January 2015. 
Markell, and our seal hereto affixed at 11:00 a.m. this 9th day of November, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, John Cornyn was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Texas, a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Perry, and our seal hereto affixed at Austin, Texas this 1st day of December, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
my name and have officially caused the Seal of State to be affixed at my Office in the City of Austin, this the 1st day of December, 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, the Honorable Tom Cotton was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Arkansas a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Honorable Mike Beebe, and our seal hereto affixed at the State Capitol in Little Rock, Arkansas, this 21st day of November, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
IN THE NAME AND BY THE AUTHORITY OF THE  
the State of Montana, do hereby certify that Steve Daines was duly chosen on November 4th, 2014, by the qualified electors of the State of Montana as a United States Senator from said State to represent said State in the United States Senate. The sixyear term commences on January 3rd, 2015. 
Steve Bullock, and the official seal hereunto affixed at the City of Helena, the Capital, this 25th day of November, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, Richard J. Durbin was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Illinois a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the third day of January, 2015. 
Quinn, and our seal hereto affixed at the City of Springfield, Illinois, this 2nd day of December, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November 2014, Mike Enzi was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Wyoming, a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January 2015. 
Witness: His Excellency our governor, Matthew H. Mead, and our seal hereto affixed at the Wyoming State Capitol, Cheyenne, Wyoming, this 10th day of November, in the year of our Lord 2014. By the governor: 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November 2014, Joni Ernst was duly elected as Senator to the Senate of the United States to represent the State of Iowa beginning on the 3rd day of January 2015. 
subscribed my name and caused the Great Seal of the State of Iowa to be affixed. Done at Des Moines this 1st day of December in the year of our Lord two thousand fourteen. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the fourth day of 
November, 2014, Al Franken was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Minnesota a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Dayton, and our seal hereto affixed at Saint Paul, Minnesota this 19th day of December, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the fourth day of 
November, 2014, Cory Gardner was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Colorado a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the third day of January, 2015. 
Hickenlooper, and our seal hereto affixed at Denver, Colorado this eighth day of December, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the fourth day of 
November A.D. 2014 Lindsey Graham was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of South Carolina a Senator from said state to represent said state in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the third day of January 2015. 
Nikki R. Haley and our seal hereto affixed at 
fourth day of November in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, Jim Inhofe was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Oklahoma a Senator from said State to represent Oklahoma in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Mary Fallin, and our seal hereto affixed at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma this 12th day of November, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, James Lankford was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Oklahoma a Senator for the unexpired term ending at noon on the 3rd day of January, 2017, to fill the vacancy in the representation from said State in the Senate of the United States caused by the resignation of Tom Coburn. 
Mary Fallin, and our seal hereto affixed at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma this 1st day of December, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the fourth day of 
November, two thousand and fourteen Edward J. Markey was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts a Senator from said Commonwealth to represent said Commonwealth in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the third day of January, two thousand and fifteen. 
Deval L. Patrick, and Our Great Seal hereto affixed at Boston, this third day of December in the year of Our Lord two thousand and fourteen. 
Greeting: Know Ye That Honorable Mitch McConnell having been duly certified, that on November 4, 2014 was duly chosen by the 
qualified electors of the Commonwealth of Kentucky a Senator from said state to represent said state in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning the 3rd day of January 2015. 
power and authority to execute and discharge the duties of the said office according to law. And to have and to hold the same, with all the rights and emoluments thereunto legally appertaining, for and during the term prescribed by law. 
letters to be made patent, and the seal of the Commonwealth to be hereunto affixed. Done at Frankfort, the 18th day of November in the year of our Lord two thousand and fourteen and in the 223rd year of the Commonwealth. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, Jeff Merkley was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Oregon, a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
John Kitzhaber, and our seal hereto affixed at Salem, Oregon this 4th day of December, 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, David Alfred Perdue, Jr. was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Georgia, a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Witness: His excellency our Governor Nathan Deal, and the Great Seal of the State of Georgia hereto affixed at the Capitol, in the city of Atlanta, the tenth day of November, in the year of our Lord Two Thousand and Fourteen. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, Gary Peters was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Michigan a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Given under my hand and the Great Seal of 
the state of Michigan this 1st day of December, in the Year of our Lord Two Thousand 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, John F. Reed was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Witness: His Excellency our Governor Lincoln D. Chafee, and our seal hereto affixed at this 20th day of November, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, James E. Risch was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Idaho a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
‘‘Butch’’ Otter, and our seal hereto affixed at Boise this 19th day of November, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, Pat Roberts was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Kansas a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Brownback, and our seal hereto affixed at Topeka, Kansas this 26th day of November, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
This is to Certify that on the fourth day of 
November, 2014, at a general election, Mike Rounds was elected by the qualified voters of the State of South Dakota to the office of United States Senator for the term of six 
our hands and caused the Seal of the State to be affixed at Pierre, the Capital, this 13th day of November, 2014. 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, Ben Sasse was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Nebraska a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Heineman, and our seal hereto affixed at 1:26 p.m. this 1st day of December, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, Jefferson B. Sessions, III, was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Alabama a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Witness: His excellency our governor Robert Bentley, and our seal hereto affixed at Montgomery this 24th day of November, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the fourth day of 
November, two thousand and fourteen Jeanne Shaheen was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of New Hampshire to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years beginning on the third day of January, two thousand and fifteen. 
Witness, Her Excellency, Governor Margaret Wood Hassan and the Seal of the State of New Hampshire hereto affixed at Concord, this third day of December, in the year of Our Lord two thousand and fourteen. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, Dan Sullivan was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Alaska a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
R. Parnell, and our seal hereto affixed at Juneau this 1st day of December, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, Thomas Roland Tillis was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of North Carolina, a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
my name and caused to be affixed the Great Seal of the State, at the Capital City of Raleigh this the 1st day of December, 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 9th day of December, 2014, Tom Udall was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of New Mexico a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January 2015. 
Susana Martinez, and our seal hereto affixed at Santa Fe, NM this 9th day of December, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
To the President of the Senate of the United 
This is to certify that on the 4th day of November, 2014, Mark R. Warner was duly chosen by the qualified electors of the State of Virginia a Senator from said State to represent said State in the Senate of the United States for the term of six years, beginning on the 3rd day of January, 2015. 
Witness: His excellency our governor Terence R. McAuliffe, and our seal hereto affixed at Richmond, Virginia this 10th day of December, in the year of our Lord 2014. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senators to be sworn will now present themselves at the desk in groups of 
four as their names are called in alphabetical order the Chair will administer the oath of office. 
Mr. B OOKER of New Jersey, Mrs. C APITO  
MENENDEZ , and Mr. M ANCHIN , respectively, advanced to the desk of the Vice President; the oath prescribed by law was administered to them by the Vice President; and they severally subscribed to the oath in the Official Oath Book. 
will read the names of the second group of Senators. 
Ms. C OLLINS of Maine, Mr. C OONS of 
WICKER , Mr. K ING, Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. 
desk of the Vice President; the oath prescribed by law was administered to them by the Vice President; and they severally subscribed to the oath in the Official Oath Book. 
will read the names of the next group of Senators. 
DAINES of Montana, Mr. D URBIN of Illinois, and Mr. E NZIof Wyoming. 
BOOZMAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. Levin, Mr. 
advanced to the desk of the Vice President; the oath prescribed by law was administered to them by the Vice President; and they severally subscribed to the oath in the Official Oath Book. 
will read the names of the next group of Senators. 
to the desk of the Vice President; the oath prescribed by law was administered to them by the Vice President; and they severally subscribed to the oath in the Official Oath Book. 
will read the names of the next group of Senators. 
advanced to the desk of the Vice President; the oath prescribed by law was administered to them by the Vice President; and they severally subscribed to the oath in the Official Oath Book. 
will read the names of the next group of Senators. 
These Senators, escorted by Mr. Harkin, Mr. Chambliss, Mr. I SAKSON , Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. Levin, and Mr. W HITEHOUSE , respectively, advanced to the 
desk of the Vice President; the oath prescribed by law was administered to them by the Vice President; and they severally subscribed to the oath in the Official Oath Book. 
will read the names of the next group of Senators. 
names of Mr. RISCH of Idaho, Mr. R OBERTS of Kansas, Mr. R OUNDS of South 
CRAPO , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. J OHNSON , and 
to the desk of the Vice President; the oath prescribed by law was administered to them by the Vice President; and they severally subscribed to the oath in the Official Oath Book. 
will read the names of the next group of Senators. 
SHELBY , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. M URKOWSKI , 
to the desk of the Vice President; the oath prescribed by law was administered to them by the Vice President; and they severally subscribed to the oath in the Official Oath Book. 
will read the names of the final group of Senators. The legislative clerk called the 
advanced to the desk of the Vice President; the oath prescribed by law was administered to them by the Vice President; and they severally subscribed to the oath in the Official Oath Book. 
of a quorum having been suggested, the clerk will call the roll. 
call the roll, and the following Senators entered the Chamber and answered to their names: 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Booker Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott 
Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker 
Iowa—Chuck Grassley and Joni Ernst Kansas—Pat Roberts and Jerry 
Texas—John Cornyn and Ted Cruz Utah—Orrin G. Hatch and Mike Lee Vermont—Patrick J. Leahy and Bernard Sanders 
Democratic leader is necessarily absent. I will be acting in his stead until his return. 
THE UNITED STATES THAT A QUORUM OF EACH HOUSE IS ASSEMBLED 
have a resolution at the desk, and I ask for its immediate consideration. 
President of the United States that a quorum of each House is assembled. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Without objection, the resolution is considered and agreed to. 
two Senators be appointed to join such committee as may be appointed by the House of Representatives to wait upon the President of the United States and inform him that a quorum of each House is assembled and that the Congress is ready to receive any communication he may be pleased to make. 
move to reconsider the vote by which the resolution was agreed to. 
S. Res. 1, the Chair appoints the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. MCCONNELL , 
and the Senator from Illinois, Mr. D URBIN, as a committee to join the committee on the part of the House of Representatives to wait upon the President of the United States and inform him that a quorum is assembled and the Congress is ready to receive any communication that he may be pleased to make. 
INFORMING THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES THAT A QUORUM OF THE SENATE IS ASSEMBLED 
have a resolution at the desk and ask for its immediate consideration. 
House of Representatives that a quorum of the Senate is assembled. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Without objection, the resolution is considered and agreed to. The resolution (S. Res. 2) reads as 
House of Representatives that a quorum of the Senate is assembled and that the Senate is ready to proceed to business. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to reconsider the vote by which the resolution was agreed to. 
Mr. DURBIN. I move to lay that motion on the table. 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE OF THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES 
have a resolution at the desk and ask for its immediate consideration. 
A resolution (S. Res. 3) to elect O RRIN G. 
HATCH , a Senator from the State of Utah, to 
be President pro tempore of the Senate of the United States. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Without objection, the resolution is considered and agreed to. 
from the State of Utah, be, and he is hereby, elected President of the Senate pro tempore. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to reconsider the vote by which the resolution was agreed to. 
Mr. DURBIN. I move to lay that motion on the table. 
Senator O RRIN G. H ATCH , escorted by 
Mr. M CCONNELL and Mr. L EAHY , respectively, advanced to the desk of the Vice President, and the oath prescribed by law was administered to him by the Vice President. 
THE UNITED STATES OF THE ELECTION OF A PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE OF THE UNITED STATES SENATE 
at the desk and ask for its immediate consideration. 
A resolution (S. Res. 4) notifying the President of the United States of the election of a President pro tempore. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, the resolution is considered and agreed to. 
States be notified of the election of the Honorable Orrin G. Hatch as President of the Senate pro tempore. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to reconsider the vote by which the resolution was agreed to. 
Mr. DURBIN. I move to lay that motion on the table. 
NOTIFYING THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE ELECTION OF A PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE OF THE UNITED STATES SENATE 
at the desk and ask for its immediate consideration. 
of Representatives of the election of a President pro tempore. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, the resolution is considered and agreed to. 
Resolved, That the House of Representatives be notified of the election of the Honorable Orrin G. Hatch as President of the Senate pro tempore. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to reconsider the vote by which the resolution was agreed to. 
Mr. DURBIN. I move to lay that motion on the table. 
SENATE TO THE HONORABLE PATRICK J. LEAHY FOR HIS SERVICE AS PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE OF THE UNITED STATES SENATE AND TO DESIGNATE SENATOR LEAHY AS PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE EMERITUS OF THE UNITED STATES SENATE 
at the desk and ask for its immediate consideration. 
thanks of the Senate to the Honorable P ATRICK J. L EAHY for his service as President 
Pro Tempore of the United States Senate and to designate Senator LEAHY as President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, the resolution is considered and agreed to. 
expresses its deepest gratitude to Senator Patrick J. Leahy for his dedication and commitment during his service to the Senate as the President Pro Tempore. 
Senate for his long and faithful service, Senator Patrick J. Leahy is hereby designated President Pro Tempore Emeritus of the United States Senate. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to reconsider the vote by which the resolution was agreed to. 
Mr. DURBIN. I move to lay that motion on the table. 
have a resolution at the desk, and I ask for its immediate consideration. 
A resolution (S. Res. 7) fixing the hour of 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, the resolution is considered and agreed to. 
Mr. McCONNELL. I move to reconsider the vote by which the resolution was agreed to. 
Mr. DURBIN. I move to lay that motion on the table. 
have a resolution at the desk, and I ask for its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, the resolution is considered and agreed to. 
and she is hereby, elected Secretary of the Senate. 
move to reconsider the vote by which the resolution was agreed to. 
Mr. DURBIN. I move to lay that motion on the table. 
MCCONNELL , advanced to the desk of the Vice President, and the oath prescribed by law was administered to her by 