the strange kaleidoscope of this congressional session began with the proposed shutdown of Homeland Security but moved on to the bipartisan action to fix the vexing SGRMedicare funding formula, the socalled ‘‘doc fix’’ to prevent dramatic cuts to providers. 
divisions, philosophical difference, and some real serious politics. The heated rhetoric and convoluted voting on the 
recent trade package is the latest example. Wouldn’t it be great if we could take a step back and find ways to unite us to solve a major problem? 
that is staring us in the face right now. We are in the midst of the 33rd short term transportation funding extension that is a result of our inability to pay for 2015 infrastructure with 1993 dollars. That is because of our inability to raise the gas tax since 1993. 
The demands for transportation solutions grow, and the harm inflicted on families occurs every day. It costs them over $300 a year just in damage to their cars from road maintenance that has fallen apart. We are paying a $125 billionayear penalty for congestion. 
paying the price for this dysfunction, and the people who are partners at the State and local level and in the private sector are having great difficulty doing their part without the certainty of the Federal partnership that has been the bedrock, that has been the foundation of national transportation policy since President Eisenhower. 
here because this week, on Wednesday, we will be having the first hearing on transportation finance since my Republican friends took control of Congress 56 months ago. 
daylight to expand the scope of the discussion? What if we were able to have at the same witness table the president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Tom Donohue, and the president of the AFL–CIO, Richard Trumka, who don’t much agree on anything, but they are united in their firm belief that raising the gas tax, getting the transportation funding to rebuild and renew America, is absolutely essential? 
We could be joined by people who understand that hundreds of thousands of familywage jobs would be possible if we met our transportation obligations. We could have representatives from 
State and local government, transit agencies, the environmental community, safety advocates all joined at the same table. We could have the eloquence of Governor Bill Graves, who is currently president of the American Trucking Association, but he was Republican Governor of Kansas, who raised the gas tax not once, but twice. He could be joined by the American Automobile Association, which has come out strongly in favor of a gas tax to be able to meet the needs of the motoring public. Why wouldn’t we want those people there? 
from six very red Republican States— Idaho, Utah, Georgia, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Iowa—that all raised the gas tax this year. They didn’t just talk about it; they acted. Six red States raising the gas tax already in 2015. 
I am optimistic that we can capitalize on the glimmers of life we are seeing. If we can just listen to the people at the State and local level, the private sector, organized labor, people who build, maintain, and use our transportation system, they could be part of that deliberative process. I am confident that we, in Congress, could develop a united front on an issue that has been controversial in the past but is no longer. 
When people step up, when they accept responsibility and work cooperatively, we can do what was done in Idaho, Georgia, Utah, Iowa, South Dakota, and Nebraska. Congress can do that. And after all the acrimony and bad feeling and partisan division that has lingered, wouldn’t this be the right time to do so? 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, Congress has a chance this week to turn 
pivot to America. The question is: Will we listen to the American people, or will we double down on a watereddown policy that has divided both the Democratic and Republican sides of the aisle? To stop the TPA, we must hold firm. 
trade barriers to be removed, but we are at a crossroads because both parties have voiced a lack of trust in the President’s ability to be able to negotiate what is best for America. That is why we are still fighting to stop the trade promotional authority, better known as fast track. 
all ills. In fact, if granted, we could see President Obama move swiftly on the TransPacific Partnership that will likely not deliver the goods and have harmful secondary effects in multiple areas. 
Dr. Aurolyn Luykx, from the University of Texas at El Paso, makes this analysis: ‘‘I think the consequences could be very dire. We already saw under NAFTA how so many jobs left the United States and, also, went from Mexico. Then we saw, as well, tens of thousands of lowincome Mexican families being put out of work and losing their land, and we saw how that drove migration to the United States.’’ 
Congress and the White House claim that with fast track they can lower barriers on U.S. exports among the 11 other TPP nations in the negotiation, thus, increasing jobs and wages. 
highstandard, freetrade agreements with 7 of those 11 other nations in the proposed TransPacific Partnership. We are writing the rules in the Pacific. Let’s write them some more with good bilateral agreements. 
Simon Johnson, a former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund and a professor at MIT Sloan. Here is what he says about the myth of needing the TPA to lower tariffs among the proposed members of the TransPacific Partnership: 
Mexico, and the United States are long gone. Under the Australian and Singapore free trade agreements, almost all tariffs on U.S. goods have been eliminated. Goods from the United States have entered Chile without tariffs since January 1 of this year, and most tariffs imposed by Peru have already been phased out. 
The TPP will amount to a free trade agreement with Brunei, with a population less than Omaha, Nebraska, and New Zealand, with a population less than Louisiana. Encouraging exports to these countries is surely desirable, but the economic impact on the United States is unlikely to be more than a rounding error. 
the issues are more complex: Japan, Malaysia, and Vietnam. 
foreign investors, allowing them to sue for financial judgments against hostcountry regulations. Creating a quasilegal process outside the regular court system just for foreigners can go wrong in many ways. 
the TPP, without divulging the details, concerns about private rights in disputes; the transnational panel empowered with a living agreement even after the accord is signed; and possible exceptions granted to Brunei, whose legal system is not to the same standard as other nations. 
If the majority of Americans completely across the political spectrum have voiced concerns against TPA, then our actions this week will truly reflect if we are being representative of that voice. 
Second, the President must demonstrate he can lead on foreign policy. He has yet to do it. Granting fast track to negotiate with 40 percent of the world’s economy should be based on how well he has handled foreign policy. Have we forgotten the handling of Syria, ISIS, Iraq, Crimea, Ukraine, and Iran? I can go on, but the question is, Why are we? The President must show us some deeds, not words. He should start by negotiating a bilateral agreement with our ally Japan. Intently focus there. Bring that to us, and we will likely approve it. 
Third, negotiate an interim agreement with China. We still have much to do with raising the standards bar on Chinese trade, but China lacks lawyers to fight these problems. Well, do we know how to make plenty of those. Negotiate a law school program all across our land’s rich institutions to create Chinese attorneys to help fight these issues. 
As to goods, China is seeking oil, natural gas, coal, timber, aggregate, beef, and pork. We have an abundance of these. How about a trade agreement on these narrow products that will immediately benefit us all? 
It is not impossible. We have the resource. We have the technology. What we need are the guts to do it, a rekindling of the American spirit, and the leadership to get it done. It starts by putting the brakes on fast track. We need the right track instead. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ) for 5 minutes. 
afternoon, I am going to talk about campaign finance reform. 
that the United States of America is the greatest country in the world. You can see by our economic dominance, by our cultural dominance, and by our military power. But we face some very big challenges. Unless we are able to tackle those challenges, our dominance may be in peril. 
change, global competitiveness. We need to make sure our manufacturing 
is up to par and can compete with any country on Earth. We have a vanishing middle class, which is very devastating to our country. We have a crumbling infrastructure. We also need to work on our educational system. But I can tell you, it is very difficult to attack any of these problems in a serious way with the current system of campaign financing. 
So let me go over some of the problems with campaign financing in our current system: 
First of all, you can see on the list 
here, campaign financing makes elected officials less effective because of the amount of time that we must spend raising money for the next election, which leaves less time to work on the issues that need to move our country forward. 
campaign ads that turn off voters and suppress vote turnout. 
government spending on programs that big donors want to see out there. 
adds—and this is very corrosive— causes elected officials to avoid taking stands and leadership on important issues, and this reduces the effectiveness of our government institutions. 
becoming expensive and tainted by the influence of money. 
about the government and disillusioned about the United States of America because, in part, of negative advertising. 
money coming into campaigns are no longer controlled by the candidates on the ballot. 
Lastly—and I think this is very important—excessive election spending drowns out free speech. If you look at campaign ads, what is happening is that the Big Money comes in, buys all the campaign ad time on TV, and floods our mailboxes with literature. 
much campaign rhetoric, so they turn it off. The people with the most money are the ones who are listened to, and the ideas of the folks without much money are never heard. They don’t ever get very far. I think this is a very critical issue. 
with the current system; but how do we change it? There are some very big challenges that we face in terms of changing the current campaign financing system. 
United States of America has shown a very strong bias in the last decade or so toward putting more money in politics. That is right. The Supreme Court has made it so that more money is coming into politics and election campaigns every single year. 
people, allowing corporations to use their treasuries to finance campaigns. I can’t think of anything that would be more corrosive to campaigns than to see a plethora of corporate and union money coming in with no controls and controlling the message. 
In fact, just this year, the Republicans in the House and the Senate passed legislation that increases the total that an individual American citizen can contribute to political parties almost by a factor of 10, going from $35,000 to $300,000, so an individual can donate $300,000 to a political campaign; yet there is significant public support for taking money out of politics. 
TimesCBS poll, 84 percent of Americans say money has too much influence in politics, and 85 percent of those surveyed said that the campaign financing system should be either completely rebuilt or fundamentally changed. 
The growth of money in politics represents a threat to our cherished democratic institutions that were built by our Founding Fathers. This is not what the American people want for our democracy. It is critical to inform the American public about what is happening and what can be done about the problem. There are reform options of two kinds. 
actions, and there are three or four types of those. The first and most important is disclosure and transparency, and then there are constitutional amendments. Constitutional amendments are very hard to pass, but they are not subject to be overturned by the Supreme Court. I have a proposed constitutional amendment, H.J. Res. 31, which will do away with PACs and superPACs. 
I hope the American public will examine those alternatives and decide what they want to see because our system is in desperate need of change. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate so much the comments of my friend Mr. RUSSELL , a neighbor from an 
adjoining State. He is right. The American people have made clear that they did not want the TPA passed. They certainly don’t want the TAA passed. 
TPA’s passage will create a massive number of jobs; yet the people who have really looked at it on the Democratic side say, ‘‘Huhuh, this is going to cost a lot of jobs so that we have got to have more unemployment benefits and more government help for people who are going to lose their jobs,’’ which is what the TAA basically does, ‘‘or we can’t vote for the TPA’’—how ironic. 
Obama seems to have worked harder on this bill than he has on anything since 
ObamaCare—he has come to the Hill; he went to the baseball game. He is really pushing people to join him. It is rather ironic because it is just hard to believe that he would be working this hard to limit his own powers. He has never done that before. He has never worked to limit his own powers. 
that some of the same people who pushed so hard to pass TARP, the Wall Street bailout, are also pushing for this. There was a former FDIC Chairman named Isaac, who came to the Hill with the support of many economists, saying: ‘‘Please, don’t get into this socialist activity where government partners with private business. Don’t do that and certainly not for $700 billion. There is no justification.’’ 
that, that American individuals and American businesses have overseas in banks that they will never bring into the United States. They have already paid a massive amount of tax on it overseas. 
would be to just pass a bill and say, ‘‘If you want to shore up any asset or any entity, like Goldman Sachs’’—you could have saved Lehman Brothers, AIG, Chrysler, GM; you could have saved any of them if you had just said: ‘‘Bring that money in from overseas, no tax.’’ 
We could have made it very attractive to do that, and then we wouldn’t have had to have given the government $700 billion with basically no limits on how the Secretary of the Treasury could spend his money. 
a foreign government, but I read the bill. I couldn’t believe we were going to give that kind of power to one person. We have not done that since the Constitution passed. 
if we had not passed that $700 billion Wall Street bailout—that giveaway— then President Obama would never have gotten $900 billion. He would never have been able to push so much more for bigger government and had gotten it. 
stood stronger against that, which could have prevented ObamaCare from even coming up or passing. It had terribly damaging effects. Some of the same people who wanted TARP are now wanting TPA and TAA. It is a bad idea. 
I just want to just finish, Mr. Speaker, by noting that we have the Supreme Court taking up an issue—it is supposedly going to come out with an opinion before the end of the month— and ruling in a case involving samesex marriage. 
of Rights provides any power for the Federal Government to get involved in the issue of marriage. That has always been a State issue. It should be under the 10th Amendment; yet we have the Supreme Court potentially going to weigh in and take over that power. We also know that the law is very 
clear: 28 U.S. Code, section 455, says that any justice, judge, or magistrate judge of the United States shall disqualify himself in any proceeding in which his impartiality might reasonably be questioned. 
they feel. They have presided over samesex marriage ceremonies. If they do not disqualify themselves and if they rule on this case, they have shown a total contempt for the law. That should lead to impeachment, but America would have to rise up to make that known. 
We will see here, in the 800th year anniversary of the Magna Carta, when it was made clear that nobody, not even the King, is above the law, if the Supreme Court will say, 800 years later: ‘‘We are the Supreme Court, and we are above the law, and there is nothing you can do about it.’’ 
I hope and pray they are not that arrogant in trying to bring down this constitutional Republic. We will see. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) at 
work, we ask Your special blessing upon the Members of this assembly. Issues of national security, trade, and the welfare of our citizens stand in the balance of the deliberations of these days. 
surfeit of wisdom, patience, and equanimity that these weeks of appropriations might issue forth in solutions that benefit the Nation. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ ) come forward and 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
like the whole of Washington is awaiting the result of a Supreme Court decision in reference to King v. Burwell. 
Mr. Speaker, let me give you the simple truth. As I see it, the President broke the law. He broke the law, and people are hurting as a consequence. 
Once this ruling comes down, Congress will be required to put in place mechanisms to keep people from being hurt any further, but the fact of the matter remains that premiums have gone up, deductibles are completely out of sight, leaving many families functionally uninsured. We need to address these problems. 
Furthermore, power needs to be devolved back to the States. States can do a better job of running their healthcare systems because they are closer to the people that they represent. 
healthcare law was a big mistake. It is time that it be fixed, and this will be a first step in the road to do so. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, our Nation’s airports are economic and cultural engines that drive our local, State, and national economy. They are the front door for many of our communities. Unfortunately, they are also a known target for those seeking to incite fear. 
world’s busiest airport in Atlanta, Georgia, carrying a loaded AR–15 automatic weapon with an extended capacity 100round magazine. He did so only to make a point, and that was to show that he was legally able to carry his firearm in the airport. 
follow shootings at airports in Los Angeles and Houston, undermine public security in the same way as yelling ‘‘fire’’ in a crowded theater. 
prohibit the carrying of loaded weapons in our Nation’s airports. The Airport Security Act is a commonsense bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in keeping the traveling public safe. 
(Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to commemorate the 3year anniversary of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, also known as DACA. 
changed the lives of more than 640,000 young undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States as children, including an impressive intern in my office named Maria. Maria moved to the United States when she was only 6 years old. Now, as a college 
student with a 4.0 GPA, Maria tutors children and is giving back to the country that has helped her reach her goals. 
As we mark DACA’s 3year anniversary and all that it has accomplished to support students like Maria, thousands more DREAMers are waiting for their opportunity to come out of the shadows. Sadly, the court battle over DACA continues. 
We must rededicate ourselves to fixing our broken immigration system. Students like Maria deserve the chance to live free of fear and contribute their talents to keep our country vibrant and the envy of the world. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, House Republican leadership is, once again, threatening to bring us to the edge of yet another deadline that threatens American jobs and our very economy. 
There are just 7 days left for Congress to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank, a critical agency that gives American manufacturers and small businesses the tools and access to capital that they need to sell American made goods overseas. It is how we grow our economy. Letting the ExportImport Bank expire endangers hundreds of thousands of goodpaying jobs in the United States. 
228 exporters with $11 billion in export value are at risk if Congress fails to reauthorize the ExIm Bank. That will all end on June 30—no new support, no new loan guarantees, no new loans to help exporters sell goods across the country and keep Americans at work. 
that we are facing another fiscal cliff. This is a cliff for our own manufacturers and our own economy. 
House of Representatives supports the ExportImport Bank. Let’s vote this 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2131) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. J. WATIES WARING FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE. 
and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2131. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
Federal building and the United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the J. Waties Waring Judicial Center. 
Judge Waring was born in Charleston, South Carolina, in 1880. After becoming a lawyer, he was in the private practice of law and eventually served as corporation counsel for Charleston, South Carolina. 
Attorney, Judge Waring was appointed by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt to serve as a judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of South Carolina. 
Judge Waring’s opinions had a significant impact on civil rights. For example, in the case of Duvall v. School Board, he ruled that equal pay must be guaranteed for equally qualified schoolteachers, regardless of race, and his dissent in Briggs v. Elliott stating that ‘‘separate educational facilities are inherently unequal’’ formed the legal foundation for the Supreme Court’s decision in Brown v. Board of Education. 
South Carolina delegation. Given Judge Waring’s dedication to the law, it is fitting to name this Federal building and courthouse after him. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
legislation. This bill is, of course, to name the U.S. courthouse in Charleston, South Carolina, after Judge Julius Waties Waring. 
During Judge Waring’s time as a Federal judge in the Eastern District of South Carolina, he was a trailblazer in pursuit of justice for African Americans. Judge Waring consistently ruled for African American plaintiffs in cases involving voting rights, unequal pay, and civil rights. Before Judge Waring was named to 
the Federal bench, he served as assistant U.S. attorney and as corporation counsel for the City of Charleston. 
a 1951 landmark school segregation case. Judge Waring wrote in his dissent on a threejudge panel that racial segregation in public schools was ‘‘per se inequality.’’ He became the first Federal judge to take that position since Plessy v. Ferguson ruled for separate but equal. In his dissent, he went further to denounce segregation as an ‘‘evil that must be eradicated.’’ His dissent is commonly understood to provide the intellectual underpinning of the Supreme Court outlawing school segregation in Brown v. Board of Education. 
were considered controversial at the time, he endured threats of violence and was alienated from most of Charleston. Soon after Judge Waring’s momentous decision, he retired from the Federal bench and moved to New York, where he later died. 
Fifty years after his death, this legislation naming the Federal courthouse in Charleston in his honor is appropriate because of Judge Waring’s courageous judicial service in the face of fierce opposition to the bedrock American value of ‘‘justice for all.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, again, 
I would just urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2131. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 2131, a bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’ and urge my colleagues to support this bill. I thank Representative JIMCLYBURN for introducing the bill, which has the full 
This bill is a reflection of two things: human 
kindness and bold leadership. There is a saying that, ‘‘One of the most difficult things to give away is kindness; it usually comes back to you.’’ This bill is, in some ways, a reflection of that notion. Under the category of human kindness, this bill came as a result of a phone call from Senator Fritz Hollings asking that the name on the courthouse in Charleston named after him be changed to honor the memory of the late Judge Julius Waties Waring. Although Judge Waring has a remarkable legal legacy, in the case of Senator Hollings, it all began with human kindness. In the 1940’s, Fritz Hollings was a young attorney in Charleston and practiced in front of Judge Waring. What impressed him was that Judge Waring was, ‘‘damned nice to me. He made sure young lawyers weren’t bumfuzzled or run over by senior lawyers.’’ If the story stopped there, we probably would not be discussing this bill today. 
that makes this commemoration particularly fitting. As a federal district court judge, J. Waties Waring ruled on several key cases that set the stage for one of the most significant court 
cases in our nation’s history. In the 1940’s, Judge Waring heard and ruled on cases that opened South Carolina’s ‘‘white only’’ Democratic primary and forcing equal pay for black and white school teachers. By 1948, TIME Magazine declared him as ‘‘The Man They Love to Hate’’ in South Carolina. In fact, in 1950, the South Carolina House of Representatives debated a resolution asking Judge Waring and his wife to leave the state and even offered to pay for the oneway tickets. This all came before his dissenting vote in the 1951 Briggs v. Elliott case involving segregated busing in Clarendon County in South Carolina. In that case, Thurgood Marshall argued that black students were being treated unfairly because although there were three times as many black students, funding for transportation was only half. As a result, black students were walking up to nine miles to school. The case was decided against the plaintiff by a 21 vote, with Judge Waring voting in dissent. In his opinion, Waring argued that segregation was ‘‘an evil that must be eradicated’’ and a result of ‘‘unreasonable, unscientific and . . . unadulterated prejudice.’’ His dissent would travel with the case all the way to the Supreme Court, where the Briggs case became one of five cases decided with Brown v. Board of Education, which recognized segregation as a violation of the 14th Amendment. 
long after the Briggs case, the impact of his leadership still resides today. I think naming this building after Judge Waring is a particularly fitting commemoration of his bold leadership, his willingness to take a stand, and the human kindness that’s being extended by Senator Hollings back to Judge Waring. 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2131, a bill to rename the federal courthouse in Charleston, South Carolina in honor of Judge J. Waties Waring. This bill is a tribute to two men, two outstanding South Carolinians. The first, Judge Waring, for whom the bill will name the courthouse, was a federal judge in South Carolina during the 1940s and 50s who made landmark and courageous rulings on civil rights. 
The second is known to many in the Congress, Senator Ernest F. ‘‘Fritz’’ Hollings whose name is currently on this courthouse, and who has requested it be changed as a long overdue honor to Judge Waring. 
Waties Waring, was born July 27, 1880 in Charleston, and graduated from the College of Charleston in 1900. He became an attorney and after practicing in Charleston for several decades was nominated by President Franklin Roosevelt to the U.S. District Court in 1941. 
foretold an evolution on the issue, soon after ascending to the bench, Waring would become an iconoclast and an outcast in his hometown because of his rulings on civil rights cases. 
Judge Waring ordered equal pay for teachers, regardless of race. 
Waring dissented from the ruling in Briggs v. Elliott, arguing that ‘‘separate but equal’’ was 
the time, on appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, his opinion would form the basis of the unanimous decision in Brown v. Board of Education, which struck down racial segregation in all public schools in America. 
words from Judge Waring’s dissent have been on the wall of my Congressional Office: ‘‘They showed beyond a doubt that the evils of segregation and color prejudice come from early training . . . and that is an evil that must be eradicated.’’ 
was not without consequence. His experiences gave currency to the biblical admonition that ‘‘a prophet is not without honor save in his own homeland.’’ Waring was ostracized in Charleston and endured harassment and attacks on his home. He retired from the bench in 1952, left his hometown and moved to New York. 
legacy endures. I recall attending his graveside services in 1968, which was sparsely attended except for several of Charleston’s African American community and a few whites who stood off at a distance. 
the favorable recognition denied to him during his life, and passage of his bill will rightfully add to this acclaim. 
It is often stated that ‘‘the difference between a moment and a movement is sacrifice.’’ Judge Waring’s sacrifices put him at the forefront of a movement. His courage in standing up for what was right, will endure in our nation’s memory as a powerful example of statesmanship that must continually be sought, regardless of the issues of the day. 
Of course, none of this today would be possible were it not for Senator Ernest Fitzgerald Hollings. Fritz Hollings’ record is familiar to all of us here. 
South Carolina when Clemson University was integrated and in the United States Senate, when Fritz saw a problem he set about to solve it. When the plight of the poor was exposed to him in the late 1960s, he authored the book, The Case Against Hunger. 
He led hunger tours to highlight the problem, and ultimately championed the successful Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children or WIC. As Chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, he helped usher in a generation of landmark social policy, providing aid of the needy and protecting our environment. 
choices, or to change positions when he thought it warranted. 
build the annex to the Courthouse that is the subject of this legislation, and the entire facility was subsequently named in his honor. 
unaddressed, however, he has publicly called on Congress to replace his name on the building, with that of the highly deserving, long unheralded, J. Waties Waring. This selfless act of statesmanship is just the most recent example of Fritz’s visionary leadership. 
delegation for their unanimous support of this bill. I urge its passage by the House to honor this outstanding South Carolinian and great American. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2559) to designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The segment of Interstate Route 10 between milepost 535 and milepost 545 at Kendall County, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’. 
document, paper, or other record of the United States to the segment of Interstate Route 10 referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 2559. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
2559, which names a segment of Interstate 10 between mile markers 535 and 545 in Kendall County, Texas, after Private First Class Milton A. Lee. 
in San Antonio in 1967 as a member of the 101st Army Airborne Division and served in Vietnam as a radio telephone operator. 
age of 19 and is buried at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio. He was awarded the Medal of Honor for conspicuous gallantry in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. 
elected officials, community leaders, and veterans organizations. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2559, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This bill designates a 10mile segment of Interstate 10 between milepost 535 and milepost 545 in Kendall County, Texas, as the PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this bill along with my colleagues from Texas. 
Private Lee was a hero who tragically lost his life at the age of 19 while fighting for his country in Vietnam. Milton A. Lee was born February 28, 1949, in Shreveport, Louisiana. He later moved to Texas and attended Harlandale High School in San Antonio before enlisting in the Army. 
nothing short of heroic. While serving as a radio operator with the 3rd Platoon, Company B, the platoon was surprised by hostile fire by the North Vietnamese Army. Private Lee moved through the heavy enemy fire to give lifesaving first aid to his wounded fellow soldiers. 
As the platoon was advancing to reorganize, Private Lee noticed four hidden North Vietnamese soldiers with automatic weapons and a rocket launcher ready to attack the lead element of the platoon. He selflessly charged through the enemy fire and overran their position, killing the attackers and capturing their weapons. His actions saved the lives of his fellow soldiers and were instrumental in the destruction of the key position of the enemy defense. 
was awarded the Medal of Honor in 1970 for his gallantry at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. 
can come to the floor of the House today and celebrate this young man’s courage and conviction by naming a portion of Interstate 10 in his honor. This bill is a fitting tribute. 
my colleagues that there are only 23 legislative days left before highway and transit program authorizations expire. Here we are again on the brink of yet another extension in the middle of the summer construction season. I strongly urge my colleagues to take up the charge to restore our Nation’s infrastructure. If we do not act quickly, we will soon not have any miles of road left worthy of naming after any great American. I support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), my good friend. 
would like to thank my friend and colleague from Missouri, Representative GRAVES , for yielding me time. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to recognize veteran, patriot, and Medal of 
Earlier this year, I introduced H.R. 2559, which designates a portion of Interstate Highway 10 in Boerne, Texas, as PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway. 
1949, in Shreveport, Louisiana. While he was not born in Texas, Lee entered the Army in San Antonio, served honorably in the Vietnam war, and was laid to rest at Fort Sam Houston, which is located in my district. 
operator with the 3rd Platoon, Company B, during an intense, surprise hostile attack by North Vietnamese army fighters. The 3rd Platoon maneuvered to a position of cover to treat their wounded and reorganize. Meanwhile, PFC Lee moved through the heavy enemy fire to give lifesaving first aid to his wounded fellow soldiers. During the subsequent assault, PFC Lee continuously kept close radio contact with the company commander and relayed precise and understandable information to his platoon leader. 
While advancing toward the objective, PFC Lee observed four North Vietnamese soldiers with automatic weapons and a rocket launcher lying in wait for his platoon. PFC Lee immediately, and with great risk to his own personal safety, passed his radio to another soldier and charged through the barrage of fire. Without hesitation, he continued his attack and successfully overran the enemy position, killing all occupants and capturing four automatic weapons and a rocket launcher. 
PFC Lee continued his oneman assault on another enemy position through a heavy barrage of enemy automatic weapons fire. Although 
wounded, he continued to press the attack and crawled forward into a firing position to deliver accurate cover fire for his platoon. This enabled his platoon to maneuver and destroy the enemy position. Not until the position was overrun did PFC Lee falter in his steady volume of fire and succumb to his wounds. 
lives of many in his platoon and were instrumental in the destruction of a key position of the enemy’s defense. PFC Lee’s gallantry at the risk of life above and beyond the call of duty epitomizes the highest traditions of the military service and reflects great credit on himself, the 502nd Infantry, and the U.S. Army. 
support this bill in honor of an American hero. In giving his life for our country in such a selfless and heroic fashion, PFC Lee is deserving of our naming a portion of a Federal highway in his honor. 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to urge my colleagues to support this bill. I think 
what we are trying to do here is very fitting. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DETAINED UNITED STATES CITIZENS AND PROVIDE ANY INFORMATION REGARDING UNITED STATES CITIZENS THAT HAVE DISAPPEARED WITHIN ITS BORDERS 
suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 233) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Iran should immediately release the three United States citizens that it holds, as well as provide all known information on any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders. 
been held captive in Iran, some of them for multiple years; 
Whereas one United States citizen disappeared in Iran over eight years ago; and 
has stated that his government wishes to engage in a constructive interaction with the world: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the House 
of Representatives that Iran should release all detained United States citizens immediately and provide any information it possesses regarding any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, we consider H. 
Res. 233, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Iran should immediately release all detained U.S. citizens as well as provide all known information on any U.S. citizens who have disappeared within the borders of Iran. 
New York, in bringing this resolution to the floor. I also want to acknowledge the author of this measure, Congressman KILDEE of Michigan, as well 
as those Members who continue to stress how important it is that this body speak out on this issue. These citizens need to be allowed to come home now. They are U.S. citizens. 
DEUTCH , who is with us here today, who 
is a senior member of our committee. He has been consistently focused for many years on the case of his missing constituent. 
Committee held a hearing at which the family members of four Americans— three in prison and one missing in Iran for 8 years—testified. This was the first time all four of the families came together for such a hearing. We heard and saw the excruciating pain that they are living with day in and day out, not knowing if and when they will see their husband, their father, or their brother again. Each of these tragic cases underscores the complete lack of justice and, frankly, the brutal treatment that these Americans have faced in Iran. 
was born and raised in California. He had hoped to use his position at The Washington Post to present a greater understanding of the Iranian people. Instead, he has been arrested on trumpedup charges and has been held for over 300 days at the infamous Evin Prison. Last week, a second closed hearing in his trial was held, which, like all other aspects of his case, was shrouded in secrecy. 
and later sentenced Pastor Saeed Abedini to 8 years in prison for gathering with others to study the Bible, which, as his wife told the committee, is, in fact, a lawful act, even under Iranian law, but one which the regime deemed a threat to national security. In jail, his guards have attempted to coerce him and torture him to get him to renounce his faith, telling him that otherwise he will serve an even longer time. 
who is a former United States marine, was sentenced to death for alleged espionage. This is someone who went to visit his grandparents. Upon appeal, his sentence was reduced, by the way, to 10 years. As his sister described to the committee, her family was told by Iranian officials not to go public with Amir’s imprisonment or he would be put in even greater danger. Well, as she described to us through tears, despite 
and repeated torture: beaten on his feet with cables and tasered repeatedly in the kidneys. At home, his father is gravely ill. But locked up, Amir can’t travel back to see his father. 
In 2007, Robert Levinson went missing on Iran’s Kish Island. Eight years later, Iran continues to refuse to assist the United States in locating him. As his son testified, his father is now the longest held hostage in American history. 
Mr. Speaker, the House stands in solidarity with each of these families. Our hearts break for them, and we share their anger and frustration at the desperate position they are facing. 
As we approach the deadline for negotiations on a nuclear agreement with Iran—one that, no matter the terms, will require us to have at least some trust in the regime—I have to ask the question: What do these four cases say about the regime we are dealing with? If a journalist can be suddenly imprisoned on bogus charges, what treatment can international inspectors expect? 
But more fundamentally, if top Iranian officials can’t be counted on to assist these wrongfully jailed American citizens, can they be counted on to honor the commitments they make at the negotiating table? 
is such an important part of an agreement. But on the question of whether they can be counted on, call me a skeptic. 
I also have to ask why the administration, on the brink of striking a deal in which we would give the Iranians tens of billions of dollars in sanctions relief, is failing here. 
The bottom line expressed in this resolution today is that these four Americans must be allowed home now, and that is a sentiment that all of us can support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H. Res. 233, calling 
for the release of Americans held or missing in Iran. 
feelings with the remarks of our chairman, Congressman ROYCE . I think he 
hit the nail right on the head several times with his statement. I agree with every word he uttered. 
where we are weeks away from ostensibly completing an agreement with Iran, that our hostages—I can’t think of any other word for them—are being treated so shabbily by the Iranian regime. As far as I am concerned, it casts a pall on any potential agreement that we have with Iran on June 30. If this is the way they are treating Americans, how can we rely on them or count on them to fulfill their obligations under any agreement we sign with them? 
at the eleventh hour. You would think the Iranian regime would want to start acting favorably so that we in Congress might favorably look upon any deal 
that could be reached. Instead, they are continuing their old ways and doing just the opposite. It just doesn’t make any sense. It doesn’t help us to trust them, it doesn’t help us to believe them, and it only furthers all the things that we have seen and heard and questioned about this rogue regime in Tehran. 
I want to thank Representative KILDEE for authoring this resolution. He 
has been a champion for these four Americans and their families. As I said at our hearing, he has been unrelenting in terms of fighting for his constituent and for the others who are held in Iranian prisons. 
member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, who also has a constituent who is a hostage, has also been very vociferous. And Representative HUFFMAN is always talking to us 
about these issues and always looking to free all these Americans in prison. Also Representative LABRADOR , and 
committee heard from the Hekmati, Rezaian, Levinson, and Abedini families. Their stories were heartbreaking, their pleas heartfelt, and as they made clear in their testimony, their cause is our cause. It is America’s cause. 
We are a few weeks away, as I said 
before, from an important deadline in the Iranian nuclear talks. It is ridiculous that our citizens languish in Iranian jails while we negotiate. At the same time, as the families of the Americans point out, these negotiations have given us the only opportunity to directly raise the cases of the four Americans with the Iranian Government, and we are assured by the administration that at every instance they raise these cases with the Iranian Government. 
I am happy they raise the cases. I am 
grateful that they raise these cases. But, of course, if we don’t get these people home, it is all for naught. I cannot imagine having an agreement with Iran that doesn’t take into account these people, that doesn’t release these people. It would just be a dereliction of our duties and responsibility to have an agreement with Iran while not bargaining or getting the freedom of these people. We don’t want these people used as a bargaining chip, but on the other hand, we don’t want these people to remain in jail after there is some kind of an agreement with Iran. 
I wish we knew more about the conditions of these four Americans, but in these cases, Iran isn’t playing by the rules once again. Typically, if an American were detained in Iran, Switzerland, the U.S. ‘‘protecting power’’ in Iran, would have access to them for consular services. It is not the case here. 
Americans, Iran doesn’t even acknowledge their dual citizenship—only their 
Iranian citizenship. This position runs roughshod over longestablished international law. 
judge the health and welfare of our own American citizens. This is unacceptable. The United States respects this access for Iranian citizens held here. Reciprocal privileges are the least they could provide. 
Robert Levinson’s whereabouts are unknown. I simply don’t believe the Iranians have been forthcoming at all about his status. If he is, indeed, still a hostage, he is now the longest held hostage in American history. We shouldn’t stand for this. We shouldn’t sit still while this continues. 
I will weigh the nuclear deal carefully when it comes to us, but Iran’s leaders could send the American people a gesture of goodwill by providing more information about Robert Levinson and by freeing Saeed Abedini, Amir Hekmati, and Jason Rezaian. 
By the way, Mr. Rezaian is the bureau chief, the Tehran bureau chief of The Washington Post, unbelievable that he would be arrested for espionage, ludicrous, ridiculous. 
This is a concern all of us share. It 
doesn’t matter where you come from in this country or what your political affiliation is. These are Americans, and we all want to see these four Americans come home safely to their families. 
colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
with you that the government in Iran refuses to recognize the U.S. nationality for Jason Rezaian. Jason was born in California. He was born a U.S. citizen here in the United States, raised in California; and their position is that, no, he is an Iranian citizen. 
He was over there to see his grandmother. No, he was over there reporting because he wanted to get an opportunity for greater understanding of the citizens in Iran. 
like this to stand, when American citizens are being held like this and subjected to show trials, is appalling. 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, and a longtime critic of the human rights abuses that have occurred in Iran. 
Speaker, I thank our distinguished chairman and thank both he and ELIOT 
for keeping that focus on all issues related to Iran and for doing it so effectively, including and especially the 
duty of the President of the United States is to keep Americans safe from harm, whether they are at home or abroad. Three innocent Americans continue to be brutalized in Iran prisons and trapped in a system of sham trials. A fourth American, another innocent man, has been missing from Iran for more than 8 years and presumed to also be imprisoned in that country. 
in foreign lands or on foreign seas, Presidents from both parties have prioritized their rescue, sometimes even asking the finest from our fighting forces to risk their lives to save them. 
President has failed to make the release of our fellow Americans his top priority with the Iranian regime. How often have we heard the administration speak out, pressure being put to bear on the Iranian regime, even as the talks continue on the nuclear issue? 
when Nagameh Abedini came and testified at one of Frank Wolf’s hearings. She said they told her there was nothing they could do for her husband at the U.S. Department of State. 
Mr. Wolf, chairman of the Lantos committee at the time, did yield fruit; and they did begin to raise his name and his calls. 
The President seems to think, however, that the Iranian regime can be trusted to keep a nuclear deal and no longer seek to develop and make nuclear weapons. I would suggest that a regime that continues to imprison our fellow citizens cannot be trusted. 
A regime that so regularly and violently violates human rights and basic freedoms of its own people cannot be trusted. A regime that sponsors terrorism against other countries as a tool of foreign policy cannot be trusted. 
Iran should release all detained U.S. citizens immediately and provide any information it possesses regarding any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders. 
husbands and fathers, sons and daughters, the families, in addition to those who are being exploited and cruelly mistreated. 
the hearing that he just convened a few days ago. We heard from the family members. Their plea was impassioned. It was heartbreaking, and it was very, very motivating. 
Abedini, 35 years old, husband of Nagameh Abedini—who testified several times before my subcommittee and has been an extraordinary champion for his release—father of two children, he had returned to Iran to build an orphanage. He had gotten prior clearance, told that he could do it. 
Once he was there, they arrested him, and they have mistreated him ever since then. 
31 years old, a former sergeant in the U.S. Marine Corps. He had returned to Iran to visit his grandmother and other relatives. They scooped him up, and he has been mistreated ever since. 
39 years old, Tehran’s bureau chief for The Washington Post, a reporter who publishes what is going on in that regime, he now is facing a trial, a show trial, a sham trial. 
Levinson, 67 years old, husband, father, grandfather, he has been missing in Iran since the year 2007. 
Hekmati, Mr. Rezaian, and Mr. LEVINson are all Americans, and they 
are being, right today, subjected to abuse and cruelty. They are all prisoners or missing in Iran. 
We call on the administration to retriple its efforts to secure their release. 
my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE), who has been the staunchest supporter of getting these people free, who has raised this issue so many times, and who is the author of this resolution. 
his efforts on this resolution and my friend Ranking Member ENGEL , as well, 
for his efforts, along with the 201 Members of this body who have cosponsored 
Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. L ABRADOR , who 
have worked with me and my staff in preparing this resolution. 
Hekmati, my constituent, a young man who is an American citizen, born in the United States, raised in my hometown of Flint, Michigan, served in the United States Marine Corps. He is a brother; he is a son; he is a Michigander. 
traveled to Iran to visit his grandmother, as has been said. He notified the Iranian Government that he was going to Iran. He traveled under his own name. He disclosed his history as a member of the United States Marine Corps. 
when he was apprehended. Initially tried and convicted and sentenced to death for espionage, that sentence was later set aside, but he continues to languish in Evin Prison, serving a 10year sentence. 
Amir. I want people to know his name, just as we want the world to know the names of Jason Rezaian, Saeed Abedini, and Bob Levinson. These are real people. Amir is a real person. He grew up in my hometown of Flint, like me, played high school hockey. 
these names. These are individuals. They are not just pawns in a geopolitical struggle between Iran and the rest of the world. They are individuals. They are people. They have families. They feel pain. They suffer. 
Amir Hekmati has been in Evin Prison for 1,386 days. It is long past time for him to be reunited with his family. He has committed no crime; yet he continues to sit in that prison, in a dark cell. 
community of nations, about being a member of the international community, they will release—immediately release—Amir Hekmati and the other Americans that they hold. 
this House pass this resolution and speak for the American people with one voice. We have lots of disagreements in this place. 
the United States, across the world, but especially within the Iranian Government and among the Iranian people, there should be no question that this body, this House of Representatives, which often disagrees, has no disagreement on the question of these Americans. 
anything they do, if any engagement that they have with the world, whether it is a nuclear agreement or economic engagement, if any of that is to be legitimate, they cannot hold political prisoners; and they need to take action to release Amir Hekmati and the other Americans that they hold. 
Now, the fact that the P5+1 negotiations are underway does give us space for something that we haven’t had in 35 years, and that is bilateral discussion on the sidelines of those nuclear agreements, but while it does provide the moment, there is one point that I do want to make, and others have spoken to this. 
agreement with them seriously as long as Iran holds these Americans, but it is also important that we keep in mind that we never want to be in a position where, as part of a transaction with Iran, we exchange the freedom of these Americans for a concession at the nuclear negotiating table, a concession that may make the world a less safe place. 
Amir Hekmati, through his family, has communicated to us that he does not want to be exchanged for anything. 
said, that Congress considers all of Iran’s behavior when considering any engagement with them, whether it is a nuclear agreement or anything else. 
and the Vice President or Wendy Sherman or Samantha Power, our U.N. representative, I have made it clear to them that, while it is important that we get our Americans home, we don’t want to see the world become a less safe place in exchange for the freedom of innocent people. They have agreed 
Mr. KILDEE. I thank my friend. Simple point, Congress, today, will 
speak with one voice and say to the Iranian people, say to the world, that these Americans—this resolution will say, with absolute clarity, that if Iran expects to be treated as a member of the international community, they will unilaterally release these Americans. 
It would advance their cause, presumably, of joining the global community. It would send a strong message to the rest of the world and to the United States and to this Congress that they can and should be taken seriously, but it is very difficult to imagine doing that if they continue to hold Amir Hekmati and the other Americans they hold. 
to Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL and the whole committee, 
the Foreign Affairs Committee, and the whole House for their support of this. The families of these individuals, I know, appreciate it very deeply, and I do as well. 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ), a Member who has also been 
fighting for his constituent, who has brought this issue up with us so many times, who has been unyielding in trying to get freedom for all the hostages. 
want to start by thanking Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for 
moving this bill forward; and a huge thanks to my great colleague from Michigan, Representative KILDEE , he 
has been described as tireless and courageous and relentless. He is all of that and more in working to highlight the injustice that these American detainees are facing in Iran. 
Rezaian, has been mentioned as having grown up in California. He actually grew up in my district. I have gotten to know his family. And in some way, I feel like I have gotten to know Jason— at least a little bit—through this tragic situation. So I know something about the terrible hardship that he and his family have been going through for this past year. 
of hardship in mind that I am proud to join with my colleagues in working to make sure that Congress does everything that it can to secure Jason’s safe release and also the safe release of these other unjustly detained Americans. 
Passing this resolution on a bipartisan basis is one of the most important things that we can do to reaffirm 
to the Iranian regime that the whole world is watching. 
Post Tehran bureau chief when he was arrested in Tehran on July 22 last year. He has now been held twice as long as any previous western journalist in Iran. 
has been held are an absolute mockery of justice. There has never been any evidence brought against him. For 9 months, there were no charges brought against him publicly. Jason was denied the most basic rights: denied access to a lawyer for months, denied bail after he was charged, and held in solitary confinement after his investigation ended. 
Jason’s family members and his fellow journalists have been fierce advocates for his freedom. I hope that the passage of this resolution today will make the sentiment of Congress very clear: that Iran should immediately release Jason Rezaian and the other detained Americans. 
that we may have about broader issues involving Iran, it is important that we are able to speak today with one voice for the Americans who are unjustly detained and for their families. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
my great pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), one of the senior members of 
our Foreign Affairs Committee, the ranking member on the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, and someone whom I turn to very often for advice and counsel, who has been a clear and effective voice in trying to bring our hostages home. 
my friend, the ranking member, for yielding. I thank the chairman. I especially went to thank my friend and colleague from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) for 
spearheading this resolution and for his tireless efforts to bring back his constituent. And I want to thank the fellow original cosponsors, Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. L ABRADOR . 
Each of us here has the solemn responsibility to represent the families of these American citizens—in this case, our constituents who are missing or held in Iran. Each of us has seen the suffering of these families firsthand. We have also seen a remarkable strength of purpose as they live this reallife nightmare and do everything they can to bring their loved ones home. 
my constituent, 8 years is 8 years too long not to have their husband, their father, and their grandfather home. 
Kish Island on March 9, 2007. Since his disappearance, the Levinson family has received proof of life in the form of pictures and videos. Iran’s leaders have 
never provided any information about Bob’s disappearance, despite repeated pledges to aid in the investigation. 
place over the past year and a half, many of us have doubts about the ability to trust Iran to follow through on the terms of any nuclear deal. We distrust because we have seen this regime time and again lie to the international community, support the world’s worst actors and terrorists, destabilize the region, deny history, and chant ‘‘death to America.’’ So if Iran wants to be taken seriously by the international community, then it must start by dropping the bogus charges and releasing Amir Hekmati, Saeed Abedini, and Jason Rezaian; and immediately assist in locating and returning Bob Levinson. 
from the June 30 deadline for a nuclear deal. We are grateful that the Secretary and the other negotiators have raised this issue inside meetings. 
leverage right now, and we must use it for Jason Rezaian, for Saeed Abedini, for Amir Hekmati, and for my constituent Bob Levinson. 
what it says at the negotiating table, if it expects the world to trust any of the commitments that it will make or promises to make in a nuclear deal, then it should send these Americans home. 
today, we will show the world that this is an issue that transcends politics. We gather here today in the United States House of Representatives, the people’s House, to show that Members of Congress and the American people are united in demanding the safe return of these four Americans. Mr. Speaker, it is time to bring them home. 
I, again, urge my colleagues to support this resolution at this critical time. 
We are in the final days of the nuclear negotiations, as has been mentioned before, with Iran. And as the families of these Americans point out, when these negotiations are over, if we do nothing, so too may be the chance of the United States to engage directly with Iran over the fate of their family members. So we must not let this opportunity go to waste. 
Hekmati, Jason Rezaian, Saeed Abedini, and Robert Levinson; to live up to their pledge to provide further information about Robert Levinson; and 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
serious reservations about the direction of our negotiations with Iran, and this is based in no small part on its treatment of the four Americans we are speaking about today and what that predicts going forward. 
and we can turn on the set and watch their rallies—where regularly the chant ‘‘death to America’’ is used to rouse the most fervent supporters of the Supreme Leader. This is a regime that has killed its own citizens outright or convicted and imprisoned them based on confessions obtained by torture. This is a regime that takes U.S. citizens into captivity, tortures them, and then denies them medical treatment, denies them basic legal representation, denies them due process. 
called trial, Washington Post editor Martin Baron issued a compelling statement, and I will read part of it: 
system we’re dealing with. Jason was arrested without charges. He was imprisoned in Iran’s worst prison. He was placed in isolation for many months and denied medical care he needed. His case was assigned to a judge internationally notorious for human rights violations. He could not select the lawyer of his choosing. He was given only an hour and a half to meet with a lawyer approved by the court. No evidence has ever been produced by prosecutors or the court to support these absurd charges. The trial date was only disclosed to Jason’s lawyer last week. And now, unsurprisingly but unforgivably, it turns out the trial will be closed.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot allow ourselves to lose sight of these facts. Faced with this, those making the case that Iran will be transparent with the international community on inspections that will be part of any nuclear deal seem to be thinking about the Iran they want, not the one in actuality, the one that is brutalizing Americans. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 233. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) at 5 o’clock 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 891) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the 
gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) each will control 20 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of H.R. 891, introduced by Representative HENRY  
H.R. 891 designates the post office located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the Floresville 
and women of Floresville, Texas, who served our country. We are grateful for their service and for the service of all of our veterans and their sacrifices in the service to our great Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
colleagues in supporting H.R. 891, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the Floresville Veterans Post Office Building. 
sacrifices made by the servicemen and women of Floresville, Texas. Whether they served abroad or at home, our military men and women have courageously given their time and energy to defend the many freedoms we Americans hold so dear. Recognizing the loyalty and bravery of our veterans by naming this post office in their honor is the least we can do. 
join me in supporting this bill that would recognize the honorable service and countless sacrifices made by our veterans and their families. I urge the passage of H.R. 891, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). 
to thank Delegate P LASKETT for yielding the time to me, and thank you so much also to the majority manager for speaking in favor of this bill. And certainly I also want to thank Chairman CHAFFETZ and Ranking Member C UMMINGS for their leadership and support, 
along with the committee members, for bringing this bill to the floor. 
891, which designates the facility of the United States Postal Service, located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the Floresville Veterans Post Office Building. 
Floresville is the county seat of Wilson County, Texas, which has 4,636 veterans currently residing there. Just across the street from this postal facility is the Frank M. Tejeda Texas State Veterans Home, which currently houses about 154 of our American veterans. It is fitting that we provide this acknowledgement to our Floresville veterans directly across the street from where many of them live now. 
all across Wilson County that have served, but I want to highlight a few of those from Floresville. Let me start first with Frank Villarreal, who is a veteran who served in Vietnam with the U.S. Navy Seawolves helicopter squadron, which provided support for 
the Navy SEALs. Mr. Villarreal has received 15 awards for his service, including the Distinguished Flying Cross, the National Defense Service Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal with two Bronze Stars, the Vietnam Campaign Medal, the Gallantry Cross with Palm and Frame, the Civil Action Color with Palm and Frame, and the Combat Aircrewman Insignia. 
To highlight a couple of other gentlemen also, Pedro Devora and Rufino Gonzales both served on the same ship in World War II, on the USS Sangamon . 
They survived a kamikaze attack on their vessel, and they went home to live long lives in Floresville. 
Mr. Devora and Mr. Gonzales obtained the medals they earned during their service that they recently just got from the Department of the Navy. For Mr. Devora, these medals are the World War II Victory Medal, the American Campaign Medal, the Presidential Unit Citation Ribbon, the Combat Action Ribbon, the Honorable Service Lapel Pin, and the Asiatic Pacific Campaign Medal with the Bronze Star also. 
For Mr. Gonzales, these medals include the World War II Victory Medal, the American Campaign Medal, the Presidential Unit Citation Ribbon, the Combat Action Ribbon, along with the Asiatic Pacific Campaign Medal along with the Bronze Star also. 
Again, those are only just a few examples of the men and women from Wilson County—in particular, from Floresville—that have served. So I want to acknowledge the sacrifice of those veterans along with the veterans from my 28th Congressional District, individuals who served and put their country ahead of self and for whom I am recognizing with the renaming of the Floresville postal facility service. 
the work of The American Legion Post 38 in Floresville and the VFW Post 8555 in Wilson County for the work that they have done in supporting our local veterans. The VFW Post 8555 in Wilson County has done a great job, and I want to thank them. 
member and our ranking delegate, I just want to say thank you so much. 
adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1326) to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the 
gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) each will control 20 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
post office located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
supporting H.R. 1326, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office. 
Daniel Ferguson was a standout athlete at Mulberry High School, where he lettered in five sports, including baseball, football, and track. After joining the Army in 1993, Daniel dedicated the rest of his life to the service of our country. Over the next 20 years, Daniel completed tours in Kuwait, Iraq, and Afghanistan. Following his final deployment, Sergeant First Class Ferguson was stationed as an Army transportation supervisor at Fort Hood, Texas, beginning in March 2013. On April 2, 2014, Sergeant First Class 
Ferguson made the ultimate sacrifice. Sergeant First Class Ferguson witnessed a shooting rampage break out on base, and seeing the shooter approaching the room where he and his colleagues gathered, held himself against an unlocked door and used his body as a shield. Tragically, Sergeant First Class Ferguson lost his life that day, but through his courage and selflessness, many of his colleagues survived. Sergeant First Class Ferguson is remembered by his fiance, fellow soldier Kristen Haley, and all those who knew him for his loyalty, bravery, and heroism. He was awarded the Bronze Star and a Meritorious Service Medal, among others, for his military service. 
to commemorate the ultimate sacrifice made by Sergeant First Class Daniel Ferguson, and to honor his devoted service to the protection of our country abroad, as well as his fellow soldiers at home. 
I urge the passage of H.R. 1326, and I 
time, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROSS), the sponsor of 
colleague from North Carolina and my colleague from the Virgin Islands. 
of H.R. 1326, to dedicate the post office located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, after Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson. 
when a shooter killed three of his fellow servicemembers at Fort Hood, Texas, shook our military community and our Nation. 
story of heroism that came out of that horrific event. Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson, who was stationed at Fort Hood along with his fiance, sacrificed his life to save his fellow soldiers. A veteran of Kuwait, Iraq, and Afghanistan, Sergeant First Class Ferguson bravely wedged himself against a set of unlocked doors to block the attacker’s advance. Without his heroic actions, those present that day have 
said there would have been many more casualties and fatalities. 
Sergeant First Class Ferguson succumbed to the wounds he sustained during this act of violence, leaving behind many heartbroken loved ones but also very many grateful soldiers. Without hesitation, Sergeant First Class Ferguson gave his own life to protect the lives of his fellow men and women in uniform. 
tremendous soldier and a graduate of Mulberry High School who gave the ultimate sacrifice for the love of his country. 
That is why, in honor of his courageous sacrifice, I am proud to introduce this bill and proud to ask my colleagues to recognize such an honorable American. 
his family, and the residents of Mulberry, Florida, I ask that my colleagues join me in supporting such a worthy cause. 
adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1350) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building.’’ 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the 
gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) each will control 20 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks, and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the Herman Badillo Post Office Building. Mr. Badillo was a United States Congressman who represented the South Bronx. He was born in Puerto Rico and has the distinction of being the first United States Congressman of Puerto Rican heritage. 
Throughout his life, Mr. Badillo overcame hardship and adversity. After being orphaned at a young age, he moved to the United States when he was 11. From there, he went on to achieve great things. 
from City College in 1951 and, shortly thereafter, graduated from Brooklyn Law School, where he was valedictorian of his class. In addition to the first Puerto Ricanborn Congressman, he was the first Puerto Ricanborn city commissioner and Bronx Borough president. 
I agree with my colleague Representative SERRANO ’s assessment of Mr. 
Badillo: he truly is a testament to the American Dream. 
Herman Badillo passed away on December 3, 2014. Naming a postal facility for Mr. Badillo in the community that he served will honor him as the great public servant he was. 
to Puerto Rico and as a former assistant district attorney in Bronx County, where Mr. Badillo lived, it gives me great pleasure to join my colleagues in supporting H.R. 1350, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the Herman Badillo Post Office Building. 
Born in Caguas, Puerto Rico, on August 21, 1929, Mr. Badillo went on to become America’s first Puerto Rican born Congressman and a prominent figure in New York City politics. The only son of Francisco and Carmen Rivera Badillo, he suffered the loss of both his parents by his fifth birthday. He was taken in by relatives, and at the age of 11, without knowing English, moved to East Harlem, New York. He learned English and excelled in school, working his way through college and law school as a dishwasher, bowling pinsetter, and accountant. After graduating with high honors from City College in 1951, Herman went on to become valedictorian of his Brooklyn Law School class in 1954. 
York and won election as Bronx Borough president in 1965. He ran for Congress and won in 1970. While Mr. Badillo was considered a Democrat during his 7 years in this Chamber, he did not view himself as bound by party loyalties. Mr. Badillo served this Chamber with honor and distinction for 7 years before resigning his seat in 1977 to serve the people of New York as deputy mayor to New York Mayor Ed Koch. Mr. Badillo continued to serve the city of New York and remained involved in education reform until he died at age 85 on December 3, 2014. He is survived 
bill to honor Herman Badillo’s lifetime of service and dedication to the city of New York and to this country. 
I urge the passage of H.R. 1350, and I 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ). 
both Mr. W ALKER and Ms. P LASKETT for 
that wonderful presentation of the life of one of my predecessors, Herman Badillo. And so rather than get into the details that have already been mentioned, let me just tell you personally what it means to me, what he meant to me, and what this loss of his passing means to all of us. 
Puerto Ricans in New York were seen as good, hardworking people, but some people were not crazy about the idea of us being in public office or in government, and he showed the way. Having been valedictorian at law school, he came and he immediately got involved in local politics. It is said that by the age of 18, he was already running for local office in East Harlem. 
president. That is equivalent to a county executive of Puerto Rican background. Then he ran for Congress, being the first voting Member of Congress. Let me just explain that for a second. There has been a Member of Congress from Puerto Rico since 1998, but none, to this day, has had full voting rights. He was the first one of Puerto Rican background with full voting rights in 1970. 
much to become deputy mayor because he felt that he could make a difference in New York, and he served under the administration of Ed Koch. During the time he was here, he helped to found the Congressional Hispanic Caucus; he helped with issues of education and housing, and just economic development for our community. 
out, he stood as a giant. He stood as this tall man, which he was, who was totally bilingual, who could speak well, who could think well, who was so calm yet so aggressive, and he inspired all of us. I know that on the House floor we don’t mention political campaigns, but it can be said that when I first ran in 1974 for the State assembly, he was at my side. And that was part of who he was. 
community, from all walks of life, to get involved in politics. I remember he always used to tell me, Make sure the same thing everywhere you go. Don’t 
that audience, because, first of all, that is wrong and, secondly, you will get caught up in making a mistake or telling a lie. So make sure you say what you feel from the heart, even if it upsets people. 
Now in New York, it is very fashionable, although it takes hard work, for Latinos of all different groups to be members of the city council and the State assembly and the State Senate and, yes, the Congress. But when Herman came along, that wasn’t the case. He opened up those doors, and he inspired all of us to become who we are today. I could not be a Member of Congress now had he not shown the way that people like us could, in fact, be a Member of Congress. 
Part of most of the district I represent used to be in his district, so this was a great loss to us. By naming a post office, we can at least always have his name vivid and that respect vivid for this person who came from Puerto Rico and, as was said, who lost both his parents before the age of 5; who came to New York with an aunt not speaking English hardly at all, and yet who excelled in school and became this figure who was nationally known. 
you were. We thank you for your leadership. But most of all, we thank you for putting our community on the political map. 
adoption of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 728) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the 
gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) each will control 20 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I rise in support of H.R. 728, introduced by Representative BLAINE  
post office located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office. 
Special Forces senior medical sergeant and native of Hermann, Missouri. After graduation from Northwest High School in Cedar Hill, Missouri, he enlisted with the United States Marine Corps as a rifleman in 1996. Sergeant First Class Woods later enlisted in the United States Army, and in 2003, he attended the Special Forces qualifications course. Sergeant First Class Woods earned the distinguished green beret and was deployed to Afghanistan in July 2009 in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. 
a month later. On August 16, 2009, in a hospital in Germany, Sergeant First Class Woods died from wounds he sustained while conducting a mounted patrol in Ghazni province, Afghanistan, 2 days before. 
remembered not only for his personal accomplishments, graduating from many of the Army’s elite schools and earning numerous medals, but also as the example of courage and sacrifice. I urge Members to support this bill to name a post office in honor of this brave young soldier. 
LUETKEMEYER was, unfortunately, unable to make it this evening for the consideration of his bill, so I will submit for the RECORD a statement from 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
supporting H.R. 728, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the Sergeant 
Woods, Jr., studied photography at Montana State University. Following in the footsteps of a long line of military men in his family, William enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1996. 
until joining the U.S. Army Special Forces as a senior medical sergeant in 2003. He was assigned to B Company, 2nd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group and was stationed in Glen Arm, Maryland. 
in Ghazni province, Afghanistan, Sergeant First Class Woods, Jr., was shot and killed while on patrol on August 16, 2009. 
survived by his wife, Elizabeth, and two daughters, Lily and Ella. He is remembered as an adventurous outdoorsman, as well as a dedicated family man, loyal husband, and loving father. Sergeant First Class Woods, Jr., received a number of awards, including the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart, for his service. 
join me in supporting this bill to honor the valiant service and sacrifices of Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr., and of his family. I urge the passage of H.R. 728. 
today in support of my legislation, H.R. 728, which would designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office.’’ 
the Third district of Missouri who dedicated his life to protecting our country. After graduation from Northwest High School in Cedar Hill, Missouri, he first enlisted with the United States Marine Corps in 1996 as a rifleman, and later enlisted in the United States Army where he attended the Special Forces Qualification Course in 2003 and earned the Green Beret. While in the U.S. Army, SFC Woods was assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group (Airborne) and deployed to Afghanistan in 2009 during Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Germany from wounds sustained while conducting a mounted patrol in the Ghazni Province, Afghanistan on August 14, 2009. He is survived by his loving wife, Elizabeth, and two daughters. 
include the Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart Medal, Combat Infantryman Badge, Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, National Defense Medal, and Afghanistan Campaign Medal with Bronze Service Star, among many others. 
I am honored to name this post office after 
our country should not go unnoticed, and it is 
the least I can do to honor such a courageous soldier. 
I want to thank the entire Missouri Delegation for coming together to cosponsor this legislation, and Chairman CHAFFETZ for promptly 
considering this legislation in the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. It would be an honor to name the Cedar Hill post office in my district after this courageous soldier, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. REED) at 6 o’clock and 31 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 364, 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2559) to designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 389, nays 0, not voting 44, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) 
Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barton Blum Bost Bustos Byrne Clarke (NY) Clyburn Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Dold Duckworth Edwards Fudge Gibbs Grayson Griffith Grijalva 
Higgins Hinojosa Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kind King (NY) Larsen (WA) Lipinski Luetkemeyer McHenry Meeks Moore Poe (TX) Quigley Ribble 
Rokita Roskam Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Sewell (AL) Stutzman Tipton Walters, Mimi Wilson (SC) Wittman 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, during the votes on H. Res. 233 and H.R. 2559, I was inescapably detained and away handling important matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. If I had been present I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on both of the aforementioned bills. REPORT ON H.R. 2772, DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–154) on the bill (H.R. 2772) making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to congratulate the Eden Prairie High School Girls Lacrosse Team for clinching the Minnesota State Championship. Winning the title was no easy task for the Eagles as it took backto back overtime wins in both the semifinals and finals before they were crowned champions. 
overtime before junior Kelly Wolfe tossed in the winning goal with just over a minute left to deliver the title to Eden Prairie. 
high enough level to win a State championship, these student athletes devote countless hours honing their athletic skills, while still excelling in the classroom and juggling family and social responsibilities. The parents, the families, friends, and fans and the entire Eden Prairie community is very proud of these high school athletes. 
Eden Prairie Girls Lacrosse Team on a job well done. 
NESHANNOCK HIGH LANCERS AND KNOCH HIGH KNIGHTS PENNSYLVANIA STATE CHAMPION BASEBALL TEAMS 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, it is my great pleasure to congratulate not one, but two Pennsylvania State champion baseball teams from the Third Congressional District. The Neshannock High Lancers and Knoch High Knights capped off historic seasons last week to take home the PIAA Class AA and AAA baseball championships. 
State title in school history and the first State title in any sport for the Knoch Knights. 
It takes a lot of special people and a 
lot of hard work to mold a champion, so I offer a sincere thank you to the players, to their families, and to Lancer Coach Mike Kirkwood and Knight Coach George Bradley for not bringing just a championship to your communities, but just as importantly, the pride that comes with it. 
earned a special place in the long and storied history of western Pennsylvania student athletics. Because of it, I am very proud to say: Go Lancers, and go Knights. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Susan Gibson Perry and Sherri Huston Schulze, both recipients of the annual Yellow Dog Award. 
Brad Oil Museum in Custer City, Pennsylvania, honors Susan and Sherri’s leadership and dedication in preserving the history of the Bradford Oil Field. 
world’s first billiondollar oilfield, and today, the Penn Brad Oil Museum preserves the philosophy and spirit of the historic oil community. 
strong ties to the oil industry, each dating back five generations. Susan recalls learning about the oil industry from her father and uncle. In 1995, she began work with the Penn Brad Oil Museum and eventually served as its president from 2003 to 2014. 
Sherri originally came to the museum for research purposes, but began working at the museum in 2000 and spent 10 years serving the museum in various roles. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to congratulate these two outstanding women, and I thank them for their years of dedicated service and contributions to the Pennsylvania oil industry and the Bradford community. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, before leaving my district, I had the great excitement of presiding over or introducing a new medical center to the Acres Homes community and to the community of Houston, the UMC Center, organized by committed and dedicated doctors. This facility is formerly the Doctor’s Hospital Tidwell in historic Acres Homes community. 
two things. One, Americans need access to good health care. With the Affordable Care Act, we have been able to sizably bring down the 25 percent of Texans who are uninsured. We have been able to expand with community health clinics. 
the expanded Medicaid, which includes Ohio under Governor Kasich, a former Member of this body, and, as well, the State of Kentucky, they have seen a sizable dent in those who are uninsured. 
I want to thank those doctors working with me and working with the Texas Department of State Health Services, the U.S. Department of Health, recognizing that an innercity hospital, a hospital dealing with those aged populations and children and young families, is valuable to save. We need to save Riverside Hospital. 
and we will work together to be able to provide good health care for all of the community. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
few weeks, many families have proudly watched their sons and daughters receive their high school diplomas at ceremonies across North Carolina. On Saturday, I cheered as my grandson Kenan walked across that stage and graduated from Watauga High School. 
blessed with some wonderful teachers. They have learned a great deal—lessons in math, science, history, and literature—but they have also learned lessons in selfdiscipline, compassion, patience, and understanding. 
the classroom. Much of it was learned at home with their families, out with their friends, on the football field, during summer jobs, and even in brief interactions with unexpected people. 
and the road to success will have its detours, but they can be anything they want to be by meeting every challenge with integrity and determination. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
we celebrate the 800th anniversary of the Magna Carta, a document with principles that served as a cornerstone in our Nation’s founding as the Republic of the United States of America. 
following the unyielding and commendable efforts of rebel barons who would 
no longer accept the arbitrary abuses under a tyrannical monarchy, King John placed his seal on this Latin text, subjecting every person, whether he be king or peasant, to the rule of law. It was this exact premise on which the document based its lasting legacy, to be a nation of laws rather than a nation of men. 
as it was 800 years ago. It can be no better represented than in the protections guaranteed under the Fifth Amendment of our Constitution, stating that no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. 
Magna Carta and to show my appreciation for all those who have made the tremendous sacrifice to defend the founding principles derived from the ideas of liberty and justice. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
in the hope that we will, as a nation, pause and thank the men and women who have served in our armed services. 
wake up and serve their Nation do so at the risk of their own lives. They leave behind loved ones and families and brothers and sisters and mothers and fathers and kids. 
they enter the service, they don’t know where they are going to serve, but they know that they love the United States of America, and they are willing to put their lives on the line. That has happened throughout generations of time. Millions of people have answered that call to serve. 
The least we can do as a nation is be 
grateful and give pause, give prayer, and give thanks to these men and women who will serve us in the future and who have served us in the past. May God bless them, and may God bless the United States of America. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
faces yet another deadline at the end of this month to reauthorize an agency that levels the playing field for American manufacturers, reduces the deficit, and has supported 1.3 million jobs since 2009. That agency is the Export Import Bank. 
In my district alone, ExIm has supported a total export of more than $2.4 billion, and more than half of the companies that work with them are local 
Apple Sales to Imperial Pools, businesses in New York’s capital region and across the Nation have benefited greatly from the work of the Export Import Bank, and there is absolutely no reason it should fall victim to the same culture of politics and brinksmanship that has cloaked this body for the past few years. 
There are 1,053 business organizations, including the United States Chamber of Commerce and the Capital Region Chambers of Commerce, that have urged Republican House leadership to renew ExIm. 
180 of my Democratic colleagues who have signed the discharge petition to reauthorize the Bank, have expressed support to renew ExIm. 
All we need now is a vote. Our small 
businesses, our workers, and our taxpayers deserve it. Let’s make it happen. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise today in search of an answer to a very simple question. 
the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, ICE, appeared before the House Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee on April 15. I serve on the subcommittee, and I questioned the Assistant Secretary about President Obama’s comments he made in February of this year. 
working for ICE and there is a policy and they don’t follow the policy, there are going to be consequences to it.’’ He was commenting on ICE agents’ following his directives and guidelines. 
I used this opportunity to tell the Assistant Secretary that, if I had office policies that were contrary to the law, I would understand if my employees did not want to follow them. ‘‘I would expect them to follow the law first,’’ I said. 
say: ‘‘That is where you and I probably have a fundamental disagreement.’’ 
that no person is above the law. I take that very seriously. The culture problems at ICE run very deep, but I think they start at the top. 
unacceptable and that we needed to investigate her statement and philosophy further, so we followed up with a letter to Assistant Secretary Saldana on May 15, asking for clarification. 
by June 5; yet, 31 days since the request and 10 days since the deadline, we have not seen a response from the Assistant Secretary. This should be deeply troubling to all in this House. 
letter for the RECORD . CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
Assistant Secretary, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Washington, DC. 
write to request additional information and clarification regarding your recent testimony before the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security. We are greatly troubled by this administration’s directives attempting to supersede immigration enforcement protocols laid out in federal law. Just as troubling is President Obama’s assertion that Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents who do not follow his directives will be held ‘‘answerable to the head of the Department of Homeland Security,’’ and ‘‘there will be consequences to it.’’ 
your actions to implement the President’s policies, you stated that you have a ‘‘fundamental disagreement’’ that ICE agents should follow federal law if a superior has instructed them not to. We want to be clear: your agency is not above the law, and you and your employees are expected to uphold the laws of this country, as you have sworn to. 
retribution or threats for following the law. ICE agents are diligently working to enforce the laws of this nation. They should not be worried about facing disciplinary action for faithfully executing their duty. 
these questions on ICE’s actions to implement these policies. 
with the protocols agents have been instructed to follow dealing with the President’s directives and current guidelines on the disciplinary actions that agents face for not following them. 
agents are equipped with the resources they need to do this, not threaten them with punishment for it. We ask that you respond to these questions by June 5th. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minority leader. GENERAL LEAVE  
unanimous consent that all Members be given 5 days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me 
begin by thanking the members of the Congressional Black Caucus who are joining me here tonight. 
the missing Black male. Tonight, as a caucus, we will address the issues affecting Black males, including incarceration, health, the increasing suicide rate among Black youth, and the missing Black male in our society. 
York Times that 1.5 million African American men are missing. What do we mean when we say 1.5 million Black men are missing? As we speak, hundreds of thousands of Black men are sitting in prisons throughout this Nation. Others have died from homicide— the leading cause of death for young Black men—and from diseases that disproportionately impact African American males. 
Gray, Michael Brown, Tamir Rice, and Eric Garner, who are no longer with us because of excessive force by police which has cut their lives short. 
system and criminal justice system aren’t working for African Americans and other minorities. It is also clear that we need a new approach into other areas, including reducing health disparities among African American men and boys. Tonight, we will diagnose the problems behind America’s 1.5 million missing African American men and help identify solutions to this national problem. 
percent of the U.S. population, they comprise 38 percent of those in the U.S. prison population and 60 percent of those in solitary confinement. In 2010, African American men were six times as likely as White men to be incarcerated in Federal, State, and local jails. 
plaguing the African American community, as we see a disproportionate number of African American men who are incarcerated in this Nation. We are trying to figure out why they make up 14 percent of the population and 60 percent of those incarcerated. It just doesn’t add up. 
to introduce the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, who has allowed me to anchor this hour. 
It is my honor to yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ). 
begin by thanking the gentleman from New Jersey for his leadership and for his willingness to lead this hour, not only tonight, but for agreeing to do it 
throughout this year. I thank the gentleman so very much for his leadership and for all that he does not only for the people of the State of New Jersey, but for America. 
African American women, there are only 83 African American men. This gap equals 1.5 million Black men who are essentially missing from everyday life in America. These numbers are simply staggering. The fact that Black men have long been more likely to be locked up and more likely to die is a problem. 
Compounded with the deep disparities that continue to impact the opportunities afforded to African American males, the gender gap leaves, as reported, many households without enough men to be fathers and husbands within the community. 
The statistics show that most African Americans live in places with a significant shortage of African American men while most Whites live in places with rough parity between White men and White women. The two leading causes of this gap are incarceration and early deaths, with homicide being the leading cause of death for young African American males; but Black males also die from heart disease, respiratory disease, and accidents more often than other demographic groups, including African American women. 
childhood as there are roughly as many African American boys as there are African American girls; yet, as they grow up, an imbalance begins to appear during their teenage years, and it persists through adulthood. 
suicides—yes, suicides—by young African American males while the rate for White children has declined. While any increase is problematic, we have to wonder: What is happening? What is happening with our African American youth that has led to this staggering increase? 
the school to prison pipeline so that our kids aren’t unfairly profiled and placed in the criminal justice system. We are committed to ensuring funding for summer jobs programs and job training programs so that our youth have opportunities to develop their skills instead of having idle time during the summer months. 
resources for families and increasing family engagement. We must support programs and initiatives that will help us provide opportunities for young African American men. 
like to thank the chairman for gracing us with his comments and for demonstrating true leadership in the Congressional Black Caucus. 
Next, we have a distinguished member of this caucus. She hails from Houston, Texas, and has always been on the right side of these issues and 
the manager of this hour, Mr. P AYNE , 
and all of my colleagues and my chairman, who has just spoken and who set the tone very eloquently and with deep conviction. 
court for the State of North Carolina, Mr. BUTTERFIELD understands the 
issues of justice, and I applaud him for taking this cause up as well. The gentlewoman from New Jersey and the gentleman from Louisiana, let me thank them as well for the words that they will say. 
Let me also say that this is a team 
and that we will work as a team on our respective committees to be able to bring this issue to a productive solution. 
the Committee on the Judiciary for a number of years now, serving on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations—that we must breathe life into change, and as legislators we must come to a point where we bring legislation for final signature by the President of the United States of America. So I thank Mr. PAYNE for giving us this 
Let me rush quickly through my remarks because one could be here for a very long time. As I do so, let me take note that this is the 150th year commemoration of the 13th Amendment; that is the freeing of individuals from slavery. It is the 150th year also of the commemoration of Juneteenth, and that is, of course, a regional holiday that the Nation celebrates, which is the acknowledgment that the slaves were freed pursuant to the Emancipation Proclamation issued in 1863. Texans, who will celebrate this on June 19th, and many others travel throughout the Nation Juneteenth. I say that because it is a question of freedom. When we have the ability, Mr. PAYNE , 
to save lives, that is a question of freedom. 
for writing about this research. I want to hold this up. ‘‘Rise in Suicide By Black Children Surprises Researchers.’’ Researchers did not come predisposed to get this answer, but they got this answer. The opening sentence says: ‘‘The suicide rate among Black children has nearly doubled since the early 1990s.’’ They did not expect this to come forward, but it contributes to the story in The New York Times: about 1.5 million men are missing. In New York almost 120,000 Black men between ages 25 and 54, missing from everyday life; Chicago, 45,000; and more than 30,000 are missing in Philadelphia. Across the South, from North Charleston, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and up into Ferguson, hundreds of thousands more are missing. African American men have long 
been more likely to be locked up, more likely to die young. A city with at least 10,000 Black residents that has the single largest population of missing men? Ferguson, Missouri, where a fatal police shooting catapulted this question to the national attention. 
overwhelming. Of the 1.5 million missing men from 25 to 54, which demographers call the primeage years, higher imprisonment rates account for almost 600,000. Let me say that again: higher imprisonment rates account for 600,000. Almost 1 in 12 Black men in this age group are behind bars, compared with 1 in 60 nonBlack men in the same age group. 
Whenever we talk about the shootings in South Carolina, Ohio, Ferguson, I hear people saying, what about BlackonBlack crime? As if we, as African Americans, run away from facts. We do not. But we recognize that the fight to preserve lives in the African American community is societal and 
holistic. It deals with education and job opportunities and health care and mental health care, and it calls upon the Nation to respond. But it does not put aside what we have faced over the years by killings of Black men, even from the time of slavery and Reconstruction into the 1900s, all through the time of segregation. We found that they were in the eye of the storm. 
the crisis of incarceration and the crisis of what happens in the African American community in the justice system by suggesting that any of us are ignoring BlackonBlack crime. I am glad that the Congressional Black Caucus wants to look at the holistic issue of how do you solve this problem. It does not take the attacking of the Black community, of ignoring the fact that crime is perpetrated there. I think everyone knows that perpetrating crime impacts your neighbors, impacts where you live, just as it does in incidents dealing with White crime or WhiteonWhite crime or Hispanic or Asian. People usually engage with those who are familiar. 
very august body to talk about how we can stop the tide of suicide and the incarceration of our young people. Let me cite these examples as I come to a close. Let me just give you the example of Kelvin Mikhail SmallwoodJones, who was a dean’s list student with a 4.0 grade point average on a full academic scholarship to one of the most respected historically Black colleges in the country. Prior to enrolling in Atlanta’s Morehouse College in the fall of 2006, he was a football star and homecoming king at his Washington, D.C. area high school. An English sophomore, he dabbled in photography, mentoring atrisk youth in his free time. Last winter he was planning an elaborate birthday celebration, and he was preparing to accept a prestigious summer internship. He never made it to either. On February 23, 2008, less than 2 
shot himself in the head with his mother’s gun on the deck of a suburban Atlanta farmhouse that she bought to live closer to him. 
hurting the family, but it means that we must collectively come together to address the question of the pain, of the disparate treatment, the disparate treatment in education, and to get to the source of Mr. SmallwoodJones’ pain so that we can, in fact, find a solution. 
that criminal justice is not the answer to all, but it is a side parallel effort that we must correct in order to give dignity to those who may have detoured but yet do not need to be condemned for life. I intend to introduce a number of legislative initiatives besides those which are ongoing, as we are discussing the mandatory minimums, to focus on the criminal justice side of dealing with juveniles: an effective speedy trial, bail reform, and a solitary confinement safeguards for juveniles act. Most people don’t realize that when these young men are incarcerated, rather than giving them an opportunity, rather than promoting the PROMISE Act of our colleague, Mr. SCOTT, and giving alternatives to incarceration, but more importantly to people’s lives, we throw them in jail. Many of us know the tragic story of the 16yearold who was in solitary confinement for 3 years, was ultimately released, and committed suicide. 
joining in this legislation, an effective, speedy trial, bail reform, and solitary confinement safeguards for juveniles act of 2015, to alter the holding of juveniles so that they come out whole and ready to be rehabilitated and to be welcomed into society. The Nonviolent Offenders Act, which will diminish the amount of time that African American men serve in a Federal prison system that does not have parole. And then we want to introduce the RAISE Act to establish a better path for young offenders to ensure that there is a way for judges, even though juveniles are treated differently, to give an alternative assessment in giving them or sentencing them when they run afoul of the law. 
for status offenses, for truancy and others. This young man was incarcerated for taking a knapsack, and he insisted he did not take it. That is why he was still there. He did not take it, but he couldn’t get to trial. How horrible a life, 3 years of solitary confinement. 
So, Mr. PAYNE , let me thank you for 
leading forward on this august day and time, this year of commemorating the 150th year of the 13th Amendment, when we were declared free, meaning the ancestors’ African American slaves. It should be a telling moment that this is also the 50th year of the commemoration of the 1965 Voting 
Rights Act. This should be the year that we restore the voting rights to individuals who have detoured. We should restore section 5. We should preach freedom. We should encourage those who want to advocate for fixing the criminal justice system, which can incarcerate and enslave and as well deny freedom. 
This is a time that we can join together in the Congressional Black Caucus and free people in the right way and put them on a pathway of contributing to this great country. They are worthy, and they have the talent, the stardom to contribute. I look forward to working with all of you for that journey and for those results. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus in 
this Special Order to speak to the issues that Members of the 114th Congress must address. 
I thank my colleagues Congressman DONALDM. P AYNE , Jr. and Congresswoman R OBIN 
L. K ELLY for leading this evening’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order on ‘‘The Missing Black Male’’. 
We are in a time where the news of young 
black men being incarcerated and losing their lives is all too common. 
1.5 million black men are missing from everyday life, as a result of incarceration or early death. 
In New York, almost 120,000 black men between the ages of 25 and 54 are missing from everyday life. In Chicago, 45,000 are, and more than 30,000 are missing in Philadelphia. Across the South—from North Charleston, S.C., through Georgia, Alabama and Mississippi and up into Ferguson, Mo.—hundreds of thousands more are missing. 
likely to be locked up and more likely to die young, but the scale of the combined toll is jolting. 
It is a measure of the deep disparities that 
continue to afflict black men—disparities being debated after a recent spate of killings by the police—and the gender gap is itself a further cause of social ills, leaving many communities without enough men to be fathers and husbands. 
And what is the city with at least 10,000 
black residents that has the single largest proportion of missing black men? Ferguson, Mo., where a fatal police shooting last year led to nationwide protests and a Justice Department investigation that found widespread discrimination against black residents. 
It is critical that we look to training that will 
lead to cohesive policing in areas of minority concentrations. 
between law enforcement and communities most impacted by cases of police brutality and incarceration. 
Incarceration and early deaths are the overwhelming drivers of the gap. 
25 to 54—which demographers call the prime age years—higher imprisonment rates account for almost 600,000. 
Almost 1 in 12 black men in this age group 
are behind bars, compared with 1 in 60 nonblack men in the age group, 1 in 200 black women and 1 in 500 nonblack women. Higher mortality is the other main cause. 
young AfricanAmerican men, plays a large role, and they also die from heart disease, respiratory disease and accidents more often than other demographic groups, including black women. 
We also are seeing a shocking and troubling increase in suicide rates amongst our young black youth. 
rate among black children has nearly doubled since the early 1990s. 
cause of death among AfricanAmerican youth—1621 of the 1,992 suicides completed by AfricanAmericans were black boys (371 of 1,992 were female). 
men with this growing trend of suicide rates, we must highlight the fact that black males are six times more likely to commit suicide than their female counterparts. 
Increase in Black male suicides is not surprising considering the ‘‘unique social and environmental stressors, including racism,’’ they have to deal with. 
psychiatrists, 3 percent of the psychologists and 7 percent of social worker are black. 
The mental health profession needs to become more culturally sensitive to the needs of our black youth and get out the message that it’s OK to get help and be vulnerable. 
toward friends, family, church or other social institutions while through social conditioning. 
Yet, black males are taught to tough it out, 
stand strong, to get a grip, and ultimately isolate when mental anguish becomes visible. 
As we saw with the recent and tragic case 
of Kalief Browder in New York—his plight was ignored and overlooked for far too long. 
Continued statistics and reports documenting the death and disappearance of our young black males is unacceptable and must be addressed. 
mass incarceration and the destruction of the black home. 
little or no selfvalue or selfworth and lacking direction or foresight on ways to overcome dangerous ways of thinking and living. 
and communities affected by incarceration and mental health problems—as we know many of our young black men are afflicted with abuse, trauma and unresolved stigmas of mental and emotional health. 
It is time to acknowledge the cracks in our 
foundation and treat our young with the attention they deserve. 
that exist for our young black males—namely, in education, health care, mental health services, and general opportunities for growth and success. 
This special order is an opportunity to highlight and raise awareness to the stark and tragic reality of young black males in America. 
Now is the time to change the course and 
the gentlewoman from Houston, who always brings clarity to these issues and is a great contributor to the conscience of this Congress. 
up a lot of good points in reference to incarceration and speaking about the young 16yearold boy who spent that much time in solitary confinement and comes out and ends up committing suicide. 
as they have broken down the mental health institutions over the years, that what we are doing in this country is warehousing people who have mental health issues in prisons, and it is a way to warehouse and get the problem out of the way so we don’t see it, but a lot of people who are in prison these days have mental health issues and should be dealt with from that perspective as opposed to incarceration. 
my colleague from New Jersey, the Honorable BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN , 
who is known in New Jersey for her work around criminal justice in the State legislature and has joined us this year in the 114th Congress, for her remarks with respect to tonight’s topic. 
the gentleman from New Jersey for yielding and giving me the opportunity to lend my voice to what I think is a crisis that we are experiencing. 
pointed out, particularly Representative SHEILA JACKSON LEE, we are in the 
midst of an American crisis, shaking the very foundation of the Black community. The word crisis should motivate us to act now. Crisis describes a need for immediate action. Crisis calls for an immediate infusion of resources. Crisis requires a meeting of minds to find answers. 
the prime of their lives, their friends, their families, their coworkers having no idea where they went, we would be calling that a crisis. Yet, for years, our young, Black men have disappeared from their homes, their communities, and everything that would have been their lives. 
that we could have avoided with stronger schools to give youth the outlet that they need. Better jobs and job training to prepare these men to be supporters of strong families. Prisons have taken these men, prisons that we support through a legal system that dehumanizes men of color and enforces policies that all but ensure these men will enter an endless cycle of recidivism where more than 67 percent of them will come back into the communities with no preparation, no assistance whatsoever in becoming whole and healthy in their communities. This is a nation that is quick to see 
these Black men as a problem, and this is a nation that seems to continue to ignore and deceive the slow, steady disappearance of 1.5 million Black men. This is devastating to our families and to our whole communities. It is past time that we see this for the crisis that it is and invest the resources and intellectual power that will end it and save our men and our families and our communities. 
There is a very witty African American comic who refers to the crisis of Black men and the need to get them on the endangered species list, because when we recognize that a species is endangered, we place value on that species. We place resources in every opportunity to ensure that they continue, that they thrive, and that they live in the habitats that are healthy for them. 
Well, this is a situation of an endangered species. This is, indeed, a crisis. So I thank my colleagues for drawing attention to this issue. 
my colleague from the Garden State of New Jersey. She has come to the Congress and hit the ground running. As great a legislator as she was in New Jersey, she is doing a magnificent job here in the Halls of Congress. 
many different topics, many different issues, and it is just really a difficult circumstance that these individuals face, you know; tremendous barriers to reentering society and pursuing education and gainful employment. 
their children suffer, too. Nearly 2 million children grow up in homes where one parent is in jail. Of course, lowering the incarceration rates means we need to reevaluate the war on drugs. One out of every three African American men will be incarcerated at some point in their lives. Most of these arrests are drug related. According to the National Urban League, mandatory minimums and disparities in crack cocaine sentencing incarcerates countless African Americans for an inhumane length of time, and that made the U.S. the world leader in prison population. 
country wants to be known for? This has created a modernday caste system in America. The incarceration rate for African Americans convicted of drug offenses is 10 times greater than that of White Americans, even though Americans engage in drug offenses at higher rates. 
drug users instead of incarcerating them and making it nearly impossible to reenter society. 
to introduce the hero from last week’s game between the Republicans and the Democrats where he pitched a magnificent game. Once again, we were victorious. I don’t believe that we have lost since he has arrived in Congress. It 
is the honorable gentleman from New Orleans, the honorable CEDRIC RICHMOND , also known as ‘‘The Franchise.’’ 
I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R ICHMOND ). 
thank the gentleman from New Jersey for hosting our hour tonight, Congressman DONALD PAYNE , who, like the old 
adage, is ‘‘a chip off the old block.’’ His father was an outstanding Congressman from the district who did a lot for Africa, did a lot for urban cities. I see that Congressman PAYNE , although in 
his second term, has taken up the banner and is following in his father’s footsteps quite adequately. 
missing Black male. The good news and the bad news is that I found him, and we know where they are. They are incarcerated in prisons, they are in cemeteries, and they are in unemployment lines. 
are not in the homes, and they are not providing leadership and mentoring to our young African American male children. 
we are here and why we are talking about it is, if you can’t talk about the problem and you can’t identify it, then you will never get to a solution. 
I come from an area and I was raised 
by parents who always told me that you can achieve anything you want to achieve. They gave me the nurturing and the support and the push up when I needed it, and they gave me the swift kick in the rump when I needed that, also. That is where we are. 
defer to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) on how he wants to go. 
But I think there are things that we can learn, and I think there are things that we should focus on when we talk about the schools, the prison pipeline, when we talk about youth summer employment. 
never, ever talk about it, but some of the kids in some of our neighborhoods should get the Congressional Gold Medal just for showing up at school every day, because what they go through when they get home from school and all night until it is time to come to school again are conditions that we shouldn’t have children living in. The good news is that we can overcome all of that by doing criminal justice reform and providing another chance for kids and for parents who are incarcerated. 
time ago write an essay and tell me a story about the fact that there are so many parents that are in jail, but the children are doing the time. And we have to make sure that children are not paying for the sins of their parents. That is where society will come in, and that is why I thank the gentleman. And I have more stuff, and it is just you would like to go forward, Mr. Congressman. 
probably go into a little bit of my story, which is a little bit different from your story. And I think it is important for kids around the country and some of our colleagues to know it. 
in America. She had 15 brothers and sisters. My grandmother was a housekeeper. So the family pulled together to take care of the 15 children. 
she went to college at Southern University. My father, on the other hand— my grandfather owned a funeral home, owned a farm, and was very welltodo. My mother went to Southern University, sharing a jacket with her sister. My father went to Southern University with a brandnew deuceandaquarter car because my grandfather didn’t want him walking around his college campus with a bad heart. 
have two boys, and I am the youngest. My father dies when I was 7 years old of a heart attack while I was home. And I don’t say that to say I grew up without a father figure and times were hard, because I missed my father and I missed out on the love and the nurturing, but I had a mother who was there every step of the way as a public schoolteacher. Then I had a grandfather and two grandmothers who stepped in to also give me guidance. 
developing into what I am today is the fact that I lived across the street from a public playground that was well funded. So my mother, who was the teacher, and my grandfather and grandmother who lived in Mississippi, and my other grandmother who lived in Lake Providence, the message was the same: Go home from school; do your homework; and then go across the street to the playground so that you could participate in organized sports. 
because those men that coached me were role models. They didn’t know it, and I didn’t know it. But I can remember them saying: Cedric, you are too talented. You need to be a little more serious. You need to get focused. 
parents would do, which was give me a push when I needed it and give me a swift kick in the butt when I needed it. And they led me to do and push myself to achieve things that I never thought I could achieve. 
have decimated the funding for after school programs. We have decimated the funding for recreation in our urban cities. We have decimated the funding for public schools and the athletics and the extracurricular activities that go along with them. 
I am not sure about your life, Congressman PAYNE , but those activities 
expose kids to things they never thought that they would ever, ever realize. Exposure is very, very good when a mind is developing. I don’t know if you had those same experiences when you were growing up. Mr. PAYNE. Well, Mr. RICHMOND , let 
me just say, and we have discussed it in private before, that I am the product of a very blessed circumstance in my life. My mother died when I was 4, and my father raised us, my sister and me. 
All the things you talk about benefiting from, I have benefited from. But I have never lost the sight and was taught: There but for the grace of God go I. 
life where I have been stopped by the police and have been told by that officer using the N word that if I did not find my license, they would throw me so far under the jail they would never find me. 
after that and showed it to the police officer, and lo and behold, I become a human being again. Because, you see, my father was a councilman in that town. But prior to me showing my identification, there was the potential of someone never seeing me again because a police officer decided that that should be my fate. So now this police officer becomes nurturing and is parental and he is asking me: Well, don’t you know you could get hurt by doing that? 
youngster I shouldn’t have. But does my life have to end because I made a U turn that I am thrown so far under the jail they will never find me until I become a human being because my father is a councilman in that city and now there is a concern for my wellbeing? No. 
males that don’t have that recognition that we have? That is why I do what I do every day, to make sure that in this Nation, the greatest country in the world, every man is playing by the rules, doing what he is supposed to do, has that equal opportunity, and the men that need that kick in the rump or that extra push get that. 
So my story is a little different, although it sounds the same. 
early age. He was 8. And the family got together to buy a house, some aunts and uncles and the grandparents, so they could bring my father and his siblings in so they wouldn’t get bounced around anymore like they were. And I truly believe that is the reason my father never gave my sister and me up because of what he went through as a child and his experiences. 
your articulation of your experience and us understanding that we have an obligation, being as fortunate as we have been and to have this bully pulpit, it is our obligation to speak out against the injustices that these 1.5 million missing Black men face every single day. 
I would tell you, except that, you know, I won’t go into any incident that I have had with law enforcement. Let’s just stipulate and agree that there have been many, and each one has made me a better person, some of 
which were warranted and some of which were unwarranted. 
I will say we have raised an interesting question. And your last comment, I think, when you described your story with your parents, I think, shows how separate all of these issues are, but then how whole they are at the same time. 
people don’t talk about—and I wish our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, we could stop talking at one another and talk to one another—is that the issue of parental lead is so important because, as a bus driver once told our leader, every day she sees a parent coming to put their kid on the bus with tears in their eyes because they know that that child is sick and they should be home with that child, but they absolutely cannot lose a day’s pay because they won’t be able to feed that kid or pay the rent or pay to keep the lights on at the end of the month. Those are very real circumstances. 
as the United States of America, as the greatest country on Earth, the exceptional country that we are, we are better than that. We are better than making a parent put that kid on the schoolbus going to school sick because they can’t afford to lose a day’s work. 
in Louisiana, because I don’t want people to get the impression that it is just urban or it is just singleparent families. The Jesuit community at Loyola University in Louisiana did a study. One out of three twoparent households in Louisiana is economically insecure. Four out of five singleparent households, that is 80 percent of the single parent households in Louisiana, are economically insecure. We have to do better than that. 
million people out of poverty the day the President would sign the law. Those things are important. 
the African American male? Well, the young African American male has parents. Too often, it is just a single mother raising that family. And we have to make sure that they have the means and ability to make sure that that kid can eat every day, because you absolutely cannot learn in school if you are hungry or if you have had a night where you are sleeping in a car or you don’t have heat and all of those things. I think, as a Congress, we ought to come together and look at those very specific issues. 
Mr. PAYNE. You know, the gentleman is absolutely correct. It reminds me of another story of some of those households where the circumstances are unfathomable. 
of 25 years. I don’t know if she would like me telling the length of time, but she had a child in one of her classes several years ago, and the child would sleep all through class. You know, once 
or twice, she let it go, but it became a 
that the reason that the child slept in school was it was the only safe place to sleep because, in the evening, the rodents that came out of the walls would bite them at night, and they would stay up most of the night trying to keep this circumstance off of them. When the child got to school, it was the only place that they could rest. 
absolutely unacceptable. It is circumstances like that—now, how does that child get ahead? They are falling behind already, and this is kindergarten. The deck is stacked against a lot of these children when they show up to school. 
shown and demonstrated the upward mobility that they have given generations of children that need this type of service; yet our colleagues continue to thwart efforts to increase efforts we know that work—really, just kind of just dismiss that any of these social programs that have been instituted have any benefit. 
That is not true. It is just not true. 
We need to continue to bring these stories up and explain to people why we fight every single day for these issues. 
mental health issues, people walking the streets that need help and end up doing something that they are really unable to control and end up incarcerated—how does that help them? How does that help the circumstance in this country? Is it that we are just hiding the issue? We don’t want to deal with it, so we just lock it up? 
this country, that we still act as if we are in the 1800s in this day and age. 
brought up the monetary aspect of it because, look, Morehouse College, accounting major, I get numbers, and I get the concern that we have about the budget, the deficit and the national debt. The other thing that I know from my basic accounting classes is that we shouldn’t talk about spending as the only criteria for how we judge things. 
about return on investment. Anything that gives us greater than a 1 to 1 return, then we can use whatever is greater than 1 to pay down the debt and the deficit and get us to a more balanced country. 
You used Head Start, early childhood education. You get a 9 to 1 return on every dollar that you spend. Now, I am not chairman of Ways and Means; I am not over the Budget Committee; I am not on Appropriations, but in my simple household, when I was young, I knew that $9 was greater than $1, and that if you spend $1 and you could get $9 back, you could do great things with that extra $9, like spend $4 of it on reducing the debt, spend another $5 on 
other programs that would give kids the opportunity to reach their full development, to also reduce crime, which means not only do you have less people incarcerated, but you have less victims of crime. 
When we start evaluating the programs that we are talking about, that is what we need to focus on. 
In Louisiana, when I was in the legislature, we paid around $9,000 a year to our public schools to educate each kid, and we were spending about $45,000 a year to incarcerate a juvenile. Now, in my public school education, that $45,000 is far greater than that $9,000, and it just doesn’t make sense. 
we spend on incarcerating juveniles in this country—any given day, we have 70,000 juveniles that are in jail—$6 billion. We could spend that money in better places to do better things to make the country safer and to help them reach their potential. 
That is why I am glad that we are 
having this conversation tonight because it is about not just complaining about the problem, but identifying it and figuring out a way to solve it. I think that both sides could come together to try to solve this problem because, hey, victims of crime are victims of crime, and we should do everything we can to reduce that number. 
Also, we need to get back to what I 
thought and still do think makes this country the greatest country on Earth, is the fact that we care and we love our neighbors and we want to see them do well. If we really want to see them do well, then let’s invest in those things. Let’s put our money where our mouth is, and let’s do the things that we know we can do. 
having that conversation, I know that both of us and the entire Black Caucus, we are willing to engage in that conversation. It is not all about spending money, but it is about spending it where you get a return and helping families be a family unit to nurture and push kids to achieve everything they can and give them that swift kick in the butt when they need it to achieve that also. 
I just want to thank you, Congressman, for allowing me to participate in this Special Order Hour tonight to talk about an amazing—well, not an amazing problem, but an incredible problem that this country faces and the fact that we have the leadership to help solve that problem. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe in the adage, ‘‘Education is the only sure way for many children to escape poverty.’’ 
21st century manufacturing, job training, and raise the minimum wage. 
recreation, and summer community service. CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORMS TO HELP GIVE OUR YOUNG  
Better training for our police forces on cultural sensitivity and proper respect for our communities. 
to give schools the tools they need to be schools instead of ‘‘pipelines to prison,’’ and do more to build habits that will lead to success in the future, I have introduced the Student Disciplinary Fairness Act of 2015 and the Youth Summer Jobs and Public Service Act of 2015. 
much more likely to become criminals later in life and much less likely to achieve economic success but providing employment opportunity increases the likelihood of favorable outcomes. 
prosperous communities must do everything we can to ensure that involving our youth in the criminal justice system is used as a last resort, not as a routine first response. 
youth so that they can be present and visible in society and the 21st century economy. 
Mr. PAYNE. I want to thank the gentleman from Louisiana for his remarks, and I appreciate him being involved in tonight’s Special Order. 
here on such an important topic. He has demonstrated numerous times his commitment to young people and their aspirations and motivating them to do the right thing and be successful, as he has been. 
Mr. Speaker, is as we talk about this issue, what is it that we find these 1.5 million men missing? They are human beings. They are Americans. What is the difference about these 1.5 million men, that they are African American? Does it go back in our history of 300 years? Does it have something to do with us, as a race? 
to thank the members of the Congressional Black Caucus here tonight for sharing their profound insights and observations. Your participation was greatly appreciated. 
we have a remarkable opportunity to speak about the important work of the CBC to advance full equality and justice for African Americans in all communities in this Nation. 
One of the most significant challenges our communities face is that of ‘‘the missing black male.’’ Once again, to quote The New York Times: ‘‘More than one out of every six black men who today should be between 25 and 54 years old have disappeared from daily life.’’ 
Others have died from homicide and from disease that disproportionately affects African American males. The consequences of these missing men are 
severe, not just for the men themselves, but for their families and for the entire society. 
Strong communities lay the foundation to strong societies, but when our criminal justice system emphasizes incarceration over rehabilitation, we make it increasingly difficult for those individuals to become productive members of society. We need a system that holds criminals accountable, while focusing on rehabilitation of nonviolent criminals. 
If we are truly to make our communities more secure, we also need to address health disparities among African American men. Health disparities are a burden to African American communities. African American men suffer from a number of disease, including colorectal cancer, at higher rates than their White counterparts. 
stigmas, and this is an area which I have been working hard to address in my capacity as cochair of the Congressional Men’s Health Caucus. 
Along those lines, we need to eliminate the stigmas around mental health and make sure that those suffering from mental illness have the resources they need. No one struggling with mental illness should feel isolated and that they have nowhere to turn. It is clear that we are not doing enough, as a society, to get them the help they need. 
the number of African American boys dying from suicide, that dreaded suicide rate. For these young boys and for 
others, we need to listen, and we need to encourage them not to be afraid to seek help. 
male’’ is not going to be resolved overnight, but closing the gap is a goal we all need to aspire to for ourselves, for our community, and for our Nation. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
begin, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, tonight 
is a night about accountability, about taking responsibility. Many of my colleagues that will speak here tonight were sent by districts of people who wanted to hold this government accountable in both the fiscal and social arenas. I think back today, though it was unplanned, on June 15, 1775, 240 years ago this very day, George Washington accepted the position as commander in chief of the Continental Army. 
Washington was serving in the Second Continental Congress as a delegate from Virginia when his peers voted unanimously to hand him the reins of the entire Revolutionary Army. 
standing, on the back of these Chambers, standing in the Capitol’s rotunda is the history of how America was birthed into existence. It is displayed through the most glorious artwork. 
I am most intrigued by John Trumbull’s work on Washington submitting his resignation in 1783, after completing his assignment, through struggles and severe setbacks, more than 8 years after accepting the position. 
depict those of conquests or discoveries, this particular work captures the great character of Washington. You see, Congress had granted Washington the powers equivalent to a dictator; yet the humility and the wisdom of Washington understood that, for a republic to survive, it must be held accountable by the people. 
I accepted with diffidence or a lack of self confidence in my own abilities to accomplish so arduous a task which, however was superceded by a confidence in the rectitude of our cause, the support of the supreme power of the Union, and the patronage of Heaven. 
that a citizenruled government, though different than others in the past, had a chance to do something, to be something, something exceptional. Two hundred and forty years ago today, Washington laid the cornerstone of freedom through accountability to the people with a unique blessing from the divine power of Heaven. 
That is why we have assembled tonight, to talk about what Washington’s vision was: a citizenruled government that would hold the Federal Government and this administration accountable. 
chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, a committee that I am privileged to serve on, someone who has been a champion on government oversight. 
tonight because this topic is one of, I think, the most important to our Nation. It certainly was key to the foundation of this Nation. 
And the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) is right, because if 
you go back and you read that farewell address that Washington gave, it is one of the most inspirational pieces. He 
had the power. He had the position. He had the respect of the people. But he did probably the most admirable thing that we have seen in this Nation, in that he voluntarily gave it up because he knew that the power didn’t reside in the President. He knew that the power didn’t reside in him, as an individual. He understood that the power of this Nation stood with the people. And with that power comes a responsibility. It is a responsibility that all of us hold, as citizens of the United States of America. For it is truly a privilege and an honor to be a citizen in this country. 
years ago to those who blazed new trails and decided that this Nation was going to be an inspired nation, inspired by God, that we weren’t bashful about recognizing that God played a role in our lives and that the power of prayer was an important part of our Nation. 
that every man, woman, and child— every ablebodied person—do their part, that we all had accountability and responsibility not only to take care of ourselves but to also do what we can to help foster a greater community. 
wasn’t that way across the world. There were dictators, and there were others that really wanted to rule and control people. But the inspiration that our Founders had in the foundation of our Nation was rooted in this idea that the people—the people—had the power. 
serve—whether they serve in the armed services, whether they serve in the Federal Government or the State government or wherever they might serve, it should be a recognition that we serve the American people, that we serve them. 
So as we look at all the issues that 
face us—whether we are going to spend money, whether we should pass this bill or not—let’s remember a couple of things. 
And I would mention this to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) because I know he knows this. 
And I know it. But I want my kids to know it. 
As we look at things we do in Congress, as we look at the men and women who serve our Nation, most do it in a very admirable way. They are patriotic. They are hardworking. They care about this Nation. But we have some that don’t really meet that standard. And it is probably most fair, most humane, most decent that we hold people to a high standard. 
One of the things I want my kids to 
understand about government, about life in general, is that when they talk about the government and they talk about the Federal Government, it is really interesting. We will have this 
happen in our committee from time to time. We will say, well, whose money is it? And they will say, well, it is the government’s money. 
No, it is not. It is the people’s money. 
spend money in Congress, what we are really deciding is, should we pull money out of somebody’s pocket— should we pull money out of your wallet, take it over here, and hand it to somebody else? 
causes for doing that, right? There are some worthwhile things to do: the protection of our Nation, for our armed services. I buy that. I get that. But we are spending far too much money on too many things. We can’t be all things to all people. 
here, as I try to teach my own kids and try to remember myself, we have to be exceptionally responsible stewards of these assets and resources that aren’t ours. They are an individual’s. 
For you see, at the heart of this, it is 
something that I think President Washington understood: that the most powerful thing upon our Nation is the power of the people, and it is their own selfdetermination that should rule the day. You limit their selfdetermination the more you regulate them and the more you pull that money directly out of their pockets and give it to somebody else. 
There is room for certain things in the public good. But I tell you, most of what happens, most of what goes on in Washington, it is far too much. It is excessive. And we have to remember at its core that accountability and responsibility for those of us who are fortunate enough to serve in a public role is imperative, but it is also imperative that each individual takes upon themselves their own accountability and their own responsibility. 
As ablebodied men and women, children, you have got to pull your own weight. You have got to carry your own bucket. You have got to do what you have got to do not only to help yourself but to help your community, your friends, and loved ones as well. 
And that is the heart of what I think 
the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) brings to this body. I 
know he cares about it passionately. It is what we are here talking about tonight. There are a host of examples where we are not holding people accountable, and we want to change that. I hope we are able to talk about that a bit tonight. But for the moment, I would say to the gentleman, thank you for allowing me to participate. 
the House Oversight Committee that we were requested to meet with the inspector general of the EPA. It was in that moment, only weeks after I had arrived, that here we have an inspector general, a gentleman appointed by the President, who had reached out to us in his tireless efforts to even so much as to get the EPA to respond. The arrogance that stems from that agency has been grossly misused and abused. 
It is my privilege tonight to acknowledge one of my North Carolina colleagues to talk specifically more about the Environmental Protection Agency. With that, I yield to the gentleman from the Charlotte, North Carolina, area, Mr. HUDSON . 
strong leadership here in Congress. Often a new Member of Congress comes to town and spends a little bit of time learning the ropes, maybe sitting in the back row observing, but that is not true of MARK WALKER . MARK WALKER  
has quickly become a leader in Congress and particularly on issues such as this. 
Tonight is the people’s night. Government accountability is the topic. 
up the issue of the EPA. We had a hearing Friday in the Energy and Commerce Committee, on which I serve, in which we had the acting assistant administrator who oversees the Clean Air Act. We were looking at this new proposed rule that the EPA has put out having to do with groundlevel ozone. 
that brought the levels of groundlevel ozone down to 75 parts per billion. Based on that number, many counties in North Carolina and across this country were out of attainment. 
wants clean water. Even those of us who are concerned about jobs know that if you don’t have clean air and clean water, you can’t attract industry, and you can’t have businesses grow in your community. But you have to look at the real science, and you have to look at the real numbers. And the truth is, since 1980, we have cut groundlevel ozone levels 30 percent in this country. We have done a tremendous job, and that has been driven by industry. 
the instructions to States weren’t issued until March of this year. So in March of this year, the EPA finally told the States how to comply with these new levels of 75 parts per billion. But now they have come out with a new rule that says, we are going to drop that to 65 or maybe even 60. If that is the case, every county in North Carolina—except one county in western North Carolina—would be out of attainment. 
you can’t have a road project. It means you can’t build a new home. It means you can’t add any jobs to any existing industry. It means you can’t bring any new industry into the State. And they are doing this at a time when we haven’t even implemented the old rule, when we have already cut groundlevel ozone 30 percent. 
So what I would say is, let’s wait and 
look at the science. Let’s look at the real health impacts. Let’s see what the results of the current regulations are before we rush out with some new regulations which we are told could cost as much as 270,000 jobs in North Carolina. I have seen a figure of 1.3 million jobs in the country. Before we bring on this cost, before we threaten these jobs, before we basically shut down all growth and development, let’s take a look at the actual science. 
agency that is overreaching. We have got other examples. You have got the IRS using ‘‘the dog ate my homework’’ excuse to duck responsibility. We have also got the Department of Veterans Affairs failing to provide adequate care for our heroes. 
When he established the VA, President Abraham Lincoln promised that our Nation would take care of our men and women in uniform and their families who have served and defended our country. 
to say that today, the VA is failing and falling extremely short of that promise that President Lincoln made. Our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines have endured traumatic experiences on the battlefield and should not have to continue to fight to receive proper care when they return home. 
good and dedicated people at VA medical facilities across the country who do a tremendous job every day caring for our veterans. In fact, many of the folks working at VA facilities are veterans themselves. The problem is, the bureaucracy has gotten so massive and so out of control, the resources are wasted and the quality of care delivered to veterans has decreased. 
led to long wait times, 10,000 disability claims still in backlog, and millions of our tax dollars wasted. Our veterans are being ignored and tragically, in some cases, left to die. 
been talked about by my colleague. Mr. WALKER mentioned the anniversary of 
him resigning his commission. George Washington said: ‘‘The willingness with which our young people are likely to serve in any war, no matter how justified, shall be directly proportional to how they perceive how the veterans of earlier wars were treated and appreciated by their Nation.’’ 
our efforts to reshape the culture at the VA, but it is high time this administration takes responsibility and joins those of us who want to give veterans a choice. 
have the choice to go to any doctor of their choosing, and the VA should not have to preapprove it, and the VA should pay for that medical care. That is the proposal that I have talked about. I think that is the way that we could finally end these wait times, and we can break down these backlogs. 
with us. It is time for the people to have accountability from their government. It is time for our veterans to 
put everything on the line for our country, for our freedom. It is time for us to do the same. 
God bless our veterans and their families. It is time to get to work. 
Mr. WALKER. Thank you, Representative HUDSON , for the passionate remarks regarding our veterans. 
It is a shame, the abuse that we see 
sometimes of the veterans. But there has probably been no greater abuse than that of our own Internal Revenue system. With 75,000 pages, 8,000 pages that have been added under this administration, we can see why abuse and corruption exist. 
than an economics professor. So I now yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT), a new Member of the Congress. 
more details emerged about the IRS’ targeting of conservative groups, where the agency tried to extort information on donors, find out what Members talked about at their meetings and probe into what Members did in their very free time. 
had set up yet another roadblock to prevent Congress and the American people from getting to the bottom of this scandal. 
The IRS established a team of hundreds of lawyers to redact information from the documents Congress had requested for its investigations. This obstruction makes me extremely concerned for every American who voices political beliefs that don’t agree with this administration’s, whether they are conservative, liberal, green, religious, or agnostic. 
my own district that exposed this scandal to the American people. The Richmond Tea Party was the first in the country to go public with the IRS’ abuse. Once it was exposed, conservative groups from all over the country came forward and revealed that they were victims of the same IRS tactics. 
with ‘‘Tea Party’’ and ‘‘patriot’’ in their names because of their political positions. The IRS targeted them for increased scrutiny, and it delayed processing their applications for nonprofit status. 
slowly so the American people understand what is going on here. 
for ‘‘taxed enough already.’’ They are being targeted by the very government agency tasked with ensuring fairness in our tax revenue collections system. The irony could not be clearer. The groups were subjected to unprecedented and intimidating questioning. The IRS demanded resumes of board members, lists of all donors, and screen shots of blogs and social media posts to determine if their speech was acceptable to the Big Brother government. The agency asked some groups for minutes of every board meeting as well as lists of positions they took on certain issues. 
On April 15, 2009, thousands of average Virginians showed up to the Richmond Tea Party’s first rally in the pouring rain to stand together against government run amuck and President Obama’s promise to fundamentally transform America. People became engaged—many for the first time. After word of IRS targeting broke, people stopped coming to meetings and stopped giving money for fear of being targeted themselves. 
Department opened its investigation, and it has been 2 years of waiting as nothing ever seems to happen. The IRS has tried to cover its tracks at every turn. It lied to the public and to this Congress about its secret targeting program. To this day, document requests submitted by Congress remain unfulfilled. The IRS complained it had lost thousands of emails belonging to Lois Lerner. Since then, the inspector general recovered more than 6,000 of them. They were located where anyone would expect: in the IRS data backup facility. 
Congress held Lois Lerner in contempt after she claimed she knew nothing about the targeting and refused to answer questions about it. Yet the Obama Justice Department—the Justice Department—has never prosecuted her. This all creates the frightening potential that we could foresee a repeat of this very same behavior in the future. We need this President and this administration to live up to their promise of transparency rather than their practice of obstruction. 
an end to this kind of mistreatment of our citizens by passing a fair tax or a flat tax. Either tax system would treat citizens more equally and would take away the IRS’ power to discriminate and investigate against Americans who hold beliefs contrary to those in power. 
express your political views is so critical to the foundation of a free society that it is enshrined in our First Amendment—the First Amendment. Our very freedoms and the future of our constitutional form of government depend on the ability of all Americans to freely exercise that right. That is why it is incumbent upon this Congress to put forth every effort to protect that precious right and to hold those who would infringe upon it accountable to the fullest extent of the law. 
Mr. WALKER. Thank you, Congressman BRAT. I appreciate your shedding 
from the very beginning, went a long way in promising transparency and accountability. In fact, it was President Obama himself who expressed: ‘‘My administration is committed to creating an unprecedented level of openness in 
government.’’ In the same speech, President Obama went on to say: ‘‘Transparency promotes accountability and provides information for citizens about what their government is doing. Information maintained by the Federal Government is a national asset.’’ President Obama said: ‘‘My administration will take appropriate action consistent with law and policy to disclose information rapidly in forms that the public can readily find and use.’’ Well, that is what he said, but it has been the exact opposite for the Department of Justice. 
and Furious, and we may have time to get to it. What I want to talk about tonight is Operation Choke Point, and here to do that tonight is one of the strong conservatives in all of Congress, my colleague from South Carolina, Mr. MICKMULVANEY . 
Mr. MULVANEY. I thank the gentleman from North Carolina. I thank him for doing this. I think it is wonderful that we are having a night designated as the people’s night. You would think that we would do that just every day in here, but I think that more often than not we probably don’t, so it is good to be here to talk about things that affect the people. 
Mr. Speaker, back where I live is Operation Choke Point. Where I live, people buy guns at gun shows. They use pawnshops. They might go to a payday lender every now and again. They might go and buy ammunition. Because of what has happened in Operation Choke Point the last year and a half or so, they are starting to lose the ability to do that. 
briefly what Operation Choke Point is. This is not some rightwing conspiracy. It is not some Internet myth. This has been acknowledged by the Department of Justice. 
with the FDIC, one of the banking regulators, set out to attack legal businesses, businesses that were perfectly legal and permitted under the law, but they were in disfavor with this administration. Instead of trying to drive those businesses out of business by using the law, this administration decided to use the regulatory environment. Instead of going directly after those businesses, this administration went after their banks and said: 
legal business, and we know that you have done business with them for a long time, but we could really make your life difficult if you continue to bank this particular pawnshop. In fact, your life will be much easier if you didn’t bank this pawnshop. 
we found was these small businesses—a womanowned business in my district— losing their banking relationships. The banks that had 25year relationships with them would come to them and say: 
Look, we simply can’t bank with you anymore. It is too difficult to do. There is too much pressure to stop. 
pawnshop in my district. She tried to expand the business so that the business was big enough to give to both of her sons. She was a single mother. She wanted to get the business big enough to where both boys could inherit part of the business. She went to her local bank where she had more than a 20 year relationship, and she was told that, no, that she was now too hot to handle. Not only could they not give her a loan to expand the business, they had to pull back on the services they already provided. 
in the State, a large financial concern, and a little tiny piece of what they do is payday lending. You can say what you want to about it, Mr. Speaker. You may not like payday lending. A lot of people don’t. But people use it, and people need it. 
I will never forget when I was in the 
State legislature, we had a hearing on payday lending. One of the witnesses that spoke before me in the senate was an employee of one of the local credit unions. I knew who she was. I walked up to her afterwards and said: You are here to talk in favor of payday lending? 
She said: Yes. I said: But you work for a credit 
She said: Yes. I said: Why are you here? She said: Because everybody in town 
knows who I am. I am having a tough divorce, and I need a little bit of money. If I go to my local bank or I go to my credit union where I work, everybody is going to know about it. I don’t want people to know about my business. 
Folks need this service. It may not be the proudest thing we do as a nation, but people need it. 
Carolina, had a little, tiny piece of their business in payday, a 30year banking relationship for all the rest of their businesses. The bank came over one day and said: Look, we are under a great deal of pressure. We are going to have to pull all our relationships with you. 
business was payday, and now this large employer in my district is struggling to find financial services. 
couple of months ago, the DOJ finally acknowledged that it was wrong, and they agreed to stop the program. The FDIC agreed to stop as well. All I can tell you is that while the letter went out saying it was stopped, we are still hearing stories to this day that it is still going on. 
My dad told me about a year ago, I 
had been here 3 years at the time, and he started paying attention to politics after I got here. He said: Do you want to know the difference, Mick, between government today and government when I was your age? 
I said: What is that, Dad? He said: When I was your age, you 
might not like what the government did, you might not like the party that was in power, but it never even occurred to us to be afraid of the government. It never even occurred to us that we might be targeted for what we believe or what we think or what we do for a living. That is what is different now. 
their government. And if you are home tonight, you are watching this, and you run an ammunition store in Union, South Carolina, you are legitimately afraid that the government is going to try and come and put you out of business. That is a dramatic change, Mr. Speaker, and not a change for the better. 
women come here tonight at the invitation of the good gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ), come 
and just tell people that we think it is wrong, too, we have heard what they have had to say back home, and just deliver the message that they are not alone, that there are some men and women here in Washington who are just as outraged as they are, and they are dedicated to making sure that when our time here is done, they won’t have to fear their government anymore. 
from North Carolina, again, for setting up this Special Order. 
talk about accountability, we think of great leaders here in the Congress, even people who have reached out as mentors. I can think of no one higher that has that honor for my respect than the colleague, the part of our delegation from North Carolina, Mr. MARK 
Mr. MEADOWS. I thank the gentleman from North Carolina for his leadership and truly for being willing to be the voice of the American people. 
highlight what so many Americans have a hard time understanding, and that is why we as the American people can continue to allow a government to overreach its true authority and not be reined in, Mr. Speaker. So tonight I want to highlight just a few things. 
Before I do that, I think it is important that we talk about the Federal workers here that work for the American people, the vast majority of which—I would say almost 99 percent of which—are dedicated public servants who each and every day give their utmost for their fellow man, truly, to serve this great country. 
really highlight some of those that give the rest of those great Federal workers a bad name. For many of us, they also give us a reason to pause and say: Wait just a minute. How can that happen in this great land? 
that we identify some of these workers who truly have displaced the trust of 
the American people. They have taken Federal tax dollars, they have continued to take a salary, and yet what we find is they did not uphold their constitutional duty to do what is right on behalf of the American people. 
EPA, the gentleman who worked to define the Clean Air Act. We found that, over time, he was not even showing up for work, that he would continue to be paid for years and years and years, that he was paid without showing up. Now, certainly his colleagues would have to know that there was an empty cubicle next to them, but yet, for over a decade, we have an EPA employee who pretended to be a CIA agent. 
here he was not showing up for work. He was traveling all over the world at taxpayers’ expense. Indeed, what he was continuing to do is pretend like he was an employee of the Federal Government, but not showing up. 
accountability, Mr. Speaker. Where was the management team? Where was the accountability? We can understand one bad apple, but where was the management? 
were. This particular EPA employee decides that they are going to go and they are going to retire, and so all the management comes together. They give him a great retirement party. He retires and he says: But wait just a minute. You need to continue to pay me because I am still working for the CIA. 
continued to pay him for another 18 months. And, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know about you, but that is just hard to believe. It is the thing that novels are made of, but yet this is not fictitious; it is the truth. 
that are there that are watching porn on their government computer over 6 hours a day for 4 years. Where is the oversight there? 
blow the whistle and say, ‘‘This is not right with some of my colleagues,’’ what do they meet with? 
last week that a whistleblower for the Department of Homeland Security in their EB–5 program was punished because she dared to speak up. 
that the American people start to hold the management of Federal workers accountable because they are entrusted with that trust that needs to be carried out each and every day. And so tonight I am here to call out Mr. Mayorkas. Recently, an IG report identified Mr. Mayorkas as doing special favors for political operatives—allegedly, the Governor of Virginia; allegedly, the brother of our former Secretary of State. 
stand for, Mr. Speaker, is a double standard. If political favors are going to be given out, the people who give them out should be held accountable. And I appreciate the gentleman from North Carolina, his leadership, because not only is this service on Oversight and Government Reform designed to make sure that we get to the truth of it, but he is unrelenting in his willingness to go after those who live by a double standard. 
Mr. WALKER. Thank you, Congressman MEADOWS . I appreciate your words 
these days in the growing list of candidates that we have running for the 2016 Presidential election, and one of the things that drove me to make a decision in running for Congress to begin with was the great abuses that we have in some of the particular agencies. 
glaring than the State Department and the actions taken by then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. To this day, I can’t understand why she could look and even hug a family and tell them pointblank that this was about a video. Nine days later, our President followed up with pretty much the same inaccurate jargon. 
It is my privilege to yield to the gentleman from Colorado, Representative KENBUCK, my friend, tonight, who is 
going to talk some about her work and her time. He is a great conservative from the State of Colorado. 
gentleman and my friend from North Carolina for putting this together and for yielding to me. 
an important anniversary in world history. Eight hundred years ago, following a populist revolution led by courageous English barons demanding the protections from executive overreach, England’s King John signed into law a document known as the Magna Carta. This ‘‘Grand Charter’’ marked the first time that everyone, including kings, were subjected to the rule of law, that everyone would enjoy the benefits of due process and equal protection under the law. 
The Magna Carta inspired our Founding Fathers to demand liberty in the Declaration of Independence. Many Magna Carta principles appeared again in the United States Constitution. This one single document became the basis of our Republic and established one of our greatest founding principles, the rule of law, and the rule of law remains as important as ever. 
President Obama is working to fundamentally transform our laws without consent, granting citizenship to illegal immigrants, making recess appointments to the NLRB when the Senate is not in recess, and changing the healthcare law without an act of Congress. The IRS ignored the rule of law by 
targeting and harassing individuals based on their political beliefs. And who could forget the ATF’s Fast and Furious program, which allowed U.S. weapons to be walked across the U.S. Mexico border in hopes of catching Mexican drug lords, but ended with the tragic murder of U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry. 
monarchs from being elected and further eroding our proud tradition for the rule of law. While the Clinton family has been known to play by their own set of rules and has a laundry list of scandals that goes back decades, I am squarely focused on two dubious, dishonest, and dangerous scandals that Hillary Clinton was involved in while serving as Secretary of State. 
As the Nation’s top diplomat, Secretary Clinton used her position of power to create her own set of rules, using a personal email account for official State Department business. She continued to do so even after issuing a memo calling on staff to use official government email accounts. 
law when she deleted over 30,000 State Department emails from a personal server located in the basement of her Georgetown mansion. What makes this worse is that she deleted these emails even as Congress called for her to release them. Storing these emails on a private server violates Federal records law. Deleting these emails also raises questions not seen since the IRS targeting investigation. What is she hiding in these deleted emails? Did she even consider what might happen if these records fell into the wrong hands? Would she even know if her server had been breached? 
during a March 10 press conference: I fully complied with every rule I was governed by. 
she ignored the rule of law. By exclusively using a personal email account to conduct State Department business, Secretary Clinton put the State Department at a great risk just for her personal convenience. The Secretary of State is also not allowed to conduct and store official State Department business on a private, unsecured server. If any other hardworking American conducted their business this way, they would be out of a job and most likely in jail. 
This brings me to the Clinton family’s next scandal. While Hillary Clinton served as Secretary of State, the Clinton family foundation continued to accept millions of dollars in donations from foreign governments. All told, seven foreign nations, including Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, and Algeria, donated money to the Clinton Foundation during the time Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State. 
about Secretary Clinton’s independence and ethical judgment. But when some of the $1 million donations in 
question came from nations like Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates, and Oman, it raises concerns about whether these nations were hoping to gain better diplomatic ties to the United States through sizable donations to the Clinton Foundation. When the Secretary of State is playing fast and loose with the rule of law, even ignoring a memorandum of understanding with the White House regarding a questionable donation from the Algerian Government, it is extremely difficult to trust her judgment or her word when she claims not to have broken any laws. 
The rule of law has been a core principle since our founding. Brave men and women have fought and died to protect this idea and preserve the liberty we hold so dearly. This is why I find it especially tragic that Secretary Clinton blatantly ignored the rule of law. 
great opportunity to remember the courageous barons who secured the rule of law. We must restore this key principle and stop the attacks on our founding principles. It is our job to safeguard those liberties and protect the America we know and love for generations to come. 
to the gentleman from Georgia, Congressman JODYHICE, my colleague and 
Mr. Speaker, I continue to be just astounded at the lack of accountability and transparency surrounding the scandal with the IRS as it relates to conservative groups and the targeting that the IRS had towards those groups. 
have waited now for over 2 years to get answers to this scandal and the targeting of conservative groups. Right at the epicenter of all of that is Lois Lerner. We requested emails some 2 years ago and only right now, 2 years later, some of these requests for emails are coming to light. These documents and communications requested should have been brought forth long ago. In fact, we are at the time now in this investigation, we are at the point now that I believe we need to seriously question the process by which Congress’ requests for information from the IRS are being handled by the IRS. 
Oversight and Government Reform Committee, where I have the distinct honor of serving, it came to light in that committee that the IRS actually formed a special project team in order to deal with the Lois Lerner investigation. 
Howard, who is the Director of the Privacy, Governmental Liaison and Disclosure for the IRS, according to her 
testimony, all congressional subpoenas, requests for information, Freedom of Information Act requests, and other investigative requests were directed to this special group, this special project team, rather than going through the normal process of investigations that other similar investigations might go through. 
Speaker, these requests were handled primarily by the IRS Commissioner and the IRS Office of Chief Council rather than the normal process. In other words, this special project team handled the issue with Lois Lerner differently than they handle other similar investigations. 
the IRS Commissioner, John Koskinen, requesting more information so that the Oversight Committee could better understand the process that they used in dealing with Ms. Lois Lerner. And I am told that, even as recently as this past Friday, the letter received back from the IRS is totally inadequate. It does not answer the questions, and here we are still years removed from it. 
Mr. Speaker, it is extremely frustrating that now, 2 years later, we are still dealing with this issue. It is frustrating that in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee we are still dealing with the deplorable activities of how the IRS has been handling this. 
It is up to Congress. We must continue pushing forward for increased accountability and transparency in all areas of our government, particularly as it relates to this with the IRS. 
Members from the State of Texas, a district attorney, who we asked specifically to come out to share some thoughts tonight specifically about some of the continued abuses. 
thank the gentleman from North Carolina for yielding this evening. 
principle of our criminal justice system is that we are innocent until proven guilty. Operation Choke Point turns that most sacred tenet on its head. 
When President Obama and his administration uses agencies like the Department of Justice and the FDIC to target legal businesses without due process, without any public debate, and 
when he bases his attacks not on the rule of law but on his own political beliefs, well, that is a tragic breakdown of the system of checks and balances and separation of powers that our Founding Fathers deliberately designed. 
is just flat wrong. Folks all across the Fourth Congressional District of Texas in cities and towns like Bonham, Denison, Sulphur Springs, Texarkana, and Sherman, they all just want to run their businesses and enjoy their freedoms without fear of persecution from a President that has overstepped his authority time and time again. 
are deeply troubled and concerned about Operation Choke Point, an initiative which is pressuring banks and others in the financial industry to deny access to financial services to businesses like gun sellers and coal producers. 
for what it really is, a blunt weapon that targets and stigmatizes entire industries that the Obama administration dislikes, instead of an honest effort to get rid of actual bad actors and lawbreakers. 
Choke Point, legitimate businesses in Texas and across the country have been forced to close simply because the President and his activist bureaucrats have a political agenda, and they don’t like what these businesses are selling. When you weaponize your government to go after folks you don’t like and when you target your own citizens as political enemies, that is the way that Third World governments operate, not the greatest country the world has ever seen. 
States of America, and our government should never go after its own citizens for political reasons. This is especially outrageous when the administration does so by targeting the Bill of Rights, and that is exactly what is happening here. 
dealers and ammunition manufacturers, that is an affront to and an assault upon our Second Amendment rights. No President or administration is above the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. I have met recently with far too many honest, hardworking, law abiding folks in the gun industry who have been politically targeted by this initiative. 
continue to target legitimate businesses, like gun stores and cigar and pawn shops, through Operation Choke Point, just because the President doesn’t like what they sell. Pressuring and forcing banks to stop engaging with legal industries needs to stop. We can’t allow unelected bureaucrats to make such a brazen, backdoor assault on legitimate businesses and the hard 
subcommittees on which I now serve held a hearing on Operation Choke Point, and because of that hearing and of the due process concerns raised by the testimony there, the DOJ and the FDIC announced it would rescind its list of socalled highrisk merchants. 
recognition of the fact that Operation Choke Point is wrongfully inflicting collateral damage on legitimate businesses that are losing access to financial services. Despite this acknowledgment and admission from those at the top, companies across my district tell me that the administration’s foot soldiers on the ground simply haven’t gotten the message yet. The harassment is continuing, and this is simply unacceptable. 
the rights of every American. I am saddened to see a President who is so out of touch with what has made this country great, who is so out of touch that he would use an army of unelected bureaucrats to attack businesses that don’t toe the ideological line with his administration. 
demands that we refuse to step aside, that we refuse to let this unprovoked attack on our constitutional and fundamental rights go unchallenged. I will continue to stand watch against this overreach. My colleagues and I will not allow our constituents’ rights to be violated or our Constitution to be trampled. 
bulldogs that has been holding the IRS accountable is the Congressman from central Florida. At this point, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ). 
and if you become subjected to an IRS audit, you have got to prove and justify what you have submitted to the IRS. If you tell the IRS, ‘‘I don’t really have those documents. They were destroyed, and there is nothing I can do. Let’s just move along,’’ I don’t think most IRS agents are going to accept that, and I think the taxpayer would likely find himself in hot water. 
the IRS seems to think it could operate under a totally different standard than the standard that it imposes on American taxpayers. 
since 2013 with Lois Lerner and the targeting scandal in our trying to get more information. Last year, before Congress, John Koskinen, the IRS Commissioner, said: We are going to produce Lois Lerner’s emails. We will produce all of them. We have nothing to hide. 
A couple of months later, he said: Actually, most of Lois Lerner’s emails were destroyed because, you see, they are held on these backup tapes, and we recycle the backup tapes. We destroy the tapes, so there is just nothing we can do here. We are just going to move along, and we are not going to participate in any meaningful way with your investigation. 
and it really was not worth the paper it was printed on in terms of an excuse. It was, obviously, much different than what the IRS would impose on a taxpayer, but it was even more than that. It was more than just a weak excuse; it was false. 
were destroyed—guess what?—the Inspector General for Tax Administration in the Treasury Department did basic due diligence and said: Do you know what? I am going to check to see whether Koskinen is telling the truth. 
What did the IG do? He drove out to 
West Virginia where they have the warehouse of all of the backup tapes. What did they find? The Lois Lerner emails on the backup tapes. They were there the whole time. Now, they have pulled thousands and thousands of Lois Lerner emails. 
cases, different than the emails that the IRS begrudgingly produced to Congress and to the American people. This is a major, major issue. Of course, there is the targeting, but then there are the lengths that the IRS has gone to stymie Congress’ investigation. 
are fighting Judicial Watch. They don’t want to turn over even these new emails that the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration provided to the IRS. 
over to you now in the course of the litigation. We are not going to turn them over to Congress because we need to check to see whether there are any duplicates from the emails that we have already turned over. 
emails. Give the American people the truth. What they are trying to do is to stonewall and drag this out as long as they can, hoping that the American people will forget about it. Then, basically, they get away scotfree, with nobody in their organization being held accountable. 
I think it is a test of this institution 
here in the Congress about whether somebody like Commissioner Koskinen is going to be held to account for misleading Congress, for providing false information to Congress. 
The fact of the matter is, if an American taxpayer were hauled in front of a Federal grand jury or a Federal court and if he gave testimony like that, that was not true, he would face consequences. You can bet your bottom dollar. 
I think the IRS is kind of the grossest example that we have in Washington of really a fundamental problem 
with how our government operates, which is that the people who work and operate in and around Washington, D.C.—6 of the 10 wealthiest counties in our country are now suburbs of Washington, D.C. We are not producing shale here. We don’t have technology— nothing—in Washington. 
growth of government, so people inside the beltway are not held accountable. You have people at the IRS, and you have people at the EPA, and you have people in all of these different agencies. Essentially, they are allowed to operate under a lower standard of conduct than what an American taxpayer or a citizen would be allowed or permitted to do by the government. That is unacceptable. 
I think that this IRS issue is as important a government accountability issue as we are facing in this Congress. I think it is a test for the House as to whether we are going to be serious about this and hold these IRS officials accountable. 
I am glad my friend from North Carolina had the time here today. I think it was very productive to listen to some of the other Members. I just want the American people to know that I am committed to getting to the bottom of this and to holding these people accountable not only for the targeting, but for obstructing the investigation when it has been obstructed over and over again. 
have had an evening which we have called and labeled ‘‘the People’s Night,’’ one of many that we plan on holding. I thank the dozen or so colleagues who have shown their concern. 
days, but few times do we get to the accountable and to the action step process. Government has run amuck. That is why many of us ran to begin with. 
asking a few of the constituents back home what some of the things are they are concerned about. The president of our local women’s Republican club sent back two paragraphs and listed about 12 or 13 things. Those are the kinds of things we need to be calling out. 
It has been a privilege to be with my 
colleagues this evening. I appreciate their time as they continue to show strong support for these wonderful men and women. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2596, INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–155) on the resolution (H. Res. 315) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2596) to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) for 30 minutes. 
evening, I would like to take some time to remind the American people of the nature of a sworn enemy of the United States, whose leaders to this day, as they have for the past 36 years, continue to chant, ‘‘Death to America.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council—the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, and China, plus Germany, this group known as the P5+1— have engaged in negotiations with Iran in an attempt to halt Iran’s development of nuclear weapons. 
Of significant note, unlike the negotiations that we had with North Korea years ago regarding its pursuit of nuclear weapons, those negotiations included the United States and North Korea’s neighbors—China, Russia, South Korea, and Japan. Iran’s regional neighbors and closest targets, however—Saudi Arabia, Jordan, and Israel—were not invited to participate in these talks. 
the P5+1 and Iran was reached in April, but that framework is simply inadequate to halt the regime’s march to a nuclear weapon. 
Iran cannot be allowed to get a nuclear weapon. Such an event would set off a destabilizing arms race in a region of the world that is already afire with sectarian hatred. It is a real threat that Iran would use such a weapon against Israel, Europe, or with its continued development of longrange intercontinental ballistic missiles against the United States. 
Iran’s surfacetosurface missile expansion is a threat typically left out of discussions over its nuclear program, but we cannot ignore that Iran has now built itself the largest and most sophisticated longrange missile arsenal in the Middle East. 
agreed to in April represents a significant shift in U.S. policy regarding Iran’s nuclear program. Under the agreed upon framework, Iran’s nuclear centrifuges will be allowed to keep spinning for the next decade. This is the first Presidential administration to 
agree to a deal that allows Iran to continue enriching uranium, thereby legitimizing Iran’s entire nuclear program. 
notion that oversight from international atomic inspectors can keep Iran from developing a weapon is simply not true. For over a decade, Iran has evaded the very oversight body tasked with conducting inspections and monitoring its nuclear stockpiles. 
If the past 15 years are any indication, we know that Iran will incur enormous financial costs and wreck its domestic economy, all to continue enriching uranium and developing and testing nuclear weapons at secret facilities and undeclared sites. 
In light of the past 15 years, we know 
Iran will continue to evade the international community just as it did when building and operating its Natanz and Fordow facilities in complete secrecy, concealed from international atomic inspectors. 
writing on the wall and whitewash Iran’s previous violations of numerous international treaties while continuing to operate its covert nuclear program. Those who choose can ignore the hostile rhetoric that still spews from the mouths of Iran’s socalled reformers, including socalled moderates, like President Rouhani, who publicly brags about Iran’s ability to deceive the West, using stall tactics at the negotiating table when, all the while, Iran continues making progress behind the scenes on its nuclear program. 
concerns about the deal being negotiated in that it will leave Iran on the path to nuclear weapons while allowing for the complete relief from the sanctions that forced Iran to the table. 
its path to the bomb, it is completely reasonable to leave the sanctions in place until Iran stops the terror campaign it has been on for the last 36 years. 
skeptical of any assurances that Iran has stopped or will stop pursuing a nuclear weapon. Just 6 months ago President Obama used these Iran negotiations to silence critics who oppose his foreign policy. In an interview with CNN, the President suggested that the yearandahalf of ongoing negotiations with Iran is probably the first time that Iran ‘‘has not advanced its nuclear program in the last decade.’’ 
He went on to assure people that this freeze on Iran’s nuclear program had been verified by the U.N. and the international atomic inspectors, who acknowledge that Iran has not made progress. Yet, we know now that the opposite is true. In the last 18 months of negotiations, Iran has not frozen its nuclear program, by any stretch, but has actually increased its nuclear stockpiles by 20 percent. Iran’s nuclear program is a very serious problem. But it is only one of the dimensions of the threat that Iran poses to the world. It remains only one part of an overall program of terror that has been carried out by Iran for a very long time. 
about Iran today because it is a very important anniversary. Thirty years ago today Navy Seabee diver Robert Stethem was singled out and murdered by Iranianbacked terrorists because he was a United States servicemember. He was only 23 years old at that time, the same age that I was. His murder was at the hands of Hezbollah, an Iranfunded militant terror group aboard the hijacked TWA flight 847. We can never forget the barbaric way in which he was murdered and his body subsequently dropped from the plane onto the Beirut runway. 
Stethem, we will never forget the sacrifice you gave for our country, and together we pray for your family. 
parents Richard and Patricia Stethem. Just as his mother and father had done, Robert followed his family footsteps and signed up to serve in the U.S. Navy shortly before he would celebrate his 20th birthday. He was returning from an assignment in Greece aboard TWA flight 847 headed to Beirut when the aircraft was seized by militants. 
the hopes and dreams that every American has: settling down, raising a family, and contributing more of himself to this wonderful, exceptional Nation. His parents lost the comfort and grace of seeing a son grow old, and his siblings lost a lifelong friend and companion. And lest we forget, it was Iranianbacked terrorists who put an end to this young life. Bobby Stethem was one victim of Iran’s reign of terror. There have been many more. 
emerged in full force in 1979 when it failed to protect the American Embassy in Tehran and allowed radical Islamist students to seize the Embassy and take American diplomats and marines hostage, holding 52 of them hostage for 444 days. The attempted rescue of the hostages in April 1980 resulted in the deaths of eight Americans, and Iran bears full responsibility for those deaths. 
terrorists in Lebanon who were responsible for the deaths of hundreds of Americans. To recall some of the events: Between 1982 and 1992, Iranian backed Hezbollah systematically kidnapped 96 foreign nationals, 25 of them Americans. At least eight died in captivity. Some were murdered, while others died as a result of inadequate medical attention. 
the American Embassy in Beirut, killing 63, including 17 Americans. Six months later, on October 23, 1983, a Hezbollah suicide bomber drove a truck laden with more than 15,000 pounds of 
explosives into the U.S. Marine barracks at the Beirut airport, killing 241 marines and wounding more than 100 more. Fiftyeight French paratroopers were also killed. 
struck again with another bombing, this time carrying out an attack on the U.S. Embassy annex in Beirut, killing 24 people, including two Americans. 
1980s to the 1990s, when Iranianbacked terrorists attacked the Khobar Towers in Saudi Arabia in 1996, killing 19 airmen of the United States Air Force. 
Iran continued its attacks on Americans throughout the 2000s and the 2010s with its backing of terrorists who killed American servicemembers using IEDs in Iraq and Afghanistan. An article from March 2015 quotes a former U.S. war general who served in Iraq and estimates that Iran was responsible for about onethird of U.S. casualties during the war, which amounts to approximately 1,500 sons and daughters of America who never came home alive. 
In addition to its attacks on Americans, Iranbacked terrorists attacked other nations around the world. In March of 1992, Hezbollah detonated a truck bomb at the Israeli Embassy in Buenos Aires, killing 29 people and injuring 240 others. 
On July 18, 1994, Iran bombed a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires, which took the lives of 85 innocent civilians and injured more than 300. Again, in July of 2012, Hezbollah operatives claimed responsibility after a suicide bomber detonated a bomb on an Israeli bus in Bulgaria, killing five Israelis and wounding 30 people. 
and stops its threats to Israel, the United States, and other nations, no sanction relief should be granted. If Iran does not abandon its nuclear ambitions, sanctions should be increased. 
Speaker, to be joined by some colleagues. I would like to yield to my colleague from New York, Congressman LEEZELDIN , who represents a part 
a great addition to this House, serving in his freshman year, and also a veteran of the U.S. Army. I yield to Congressman ZELDIN . 
for yielding and for his leadership on this issue. 
threatening the stability of the free world. That is nothing new. Iran has a long history of supporting terrorism and working to overthrow foreign governments. Since 1984, over 30 years ago, the United States has called Iran a state sponsor of terrorism, not only for their direct participation in attacks, but for their financing and other support for others who pursue terror. 
Middle East and does not act in good faith, blowing up mock U.S. warships, 
pledging to wipe Israel off the map, developing ICBMs, and chanting in their streets: ‘‘Death to America.’’ The Iranian Government threatens peace and democracy all across the globe. Nuclear weapons in the hands of our enemies harms the security of our freedoms and liberties that America cherishes and has worked so hard to defend. 
negotiating table dealt an impossible hand, you would think. In Texas Hold’Em, they call it a 7–2 off suit. In 2009, when the economy was doing better in Iran—oil was $100 a barrel—millions of Iranians took to the streets to overthrow their own government. The President of the United States essentially made it out to be just their problem, not ours, and did not engage. Now look at the predicament we find ourselves in here today. 
comes into office, inheriting pocket aces when he sits down at the table, and pocket aces happen to be the best hand you can have in Texas Hold’Em. The President sits down with the leadership of the Iranian Government and asks to swap hands, in the spirit of fairness and equality and good faith. Yes, the pocket aces earned on the backs of generations of Americans who have shed blood—they have fought and died to protect the United States, the greatest nation on God’s green Earth— and as a negotiating style, the President swaps hands with the bad guys. 
deadline, I want to reinforce that a bad deal is worse than no deal at all. Mr. President, you are getting played at the table. Take a walk; it is okay. It is time to strengthen your hand. Please do not prop up this regime with tens of billions of dollars in relief from sanctions. They are using that money to finance terror and overthrow foreign governments aligned with America, and that is with a bad economy and oil half the price. 
Don’t make a slew of permanent concessions on our side in exchange for temporary concessions on the part of the Iranians. Show strength, not weakness. Too many Americans have shed their blood to make our great Nation what it is today. We need strength in your voice and an articulation of resolve that there will be no death to America. 
It is not okay for Iran to wipe Israel 
off the map. We demand the release of our Americans being unjustly imprisoned in their nation, which includes a United States marine. Where is the passion to free Amir now and the others of our fellow citizens wrongfully kept in their jails? Play the pocket aces, Mr. President. America’s greatness, its exceptionalism, its strength is nothing to ever apologize for. 
with former President George Bush, and a couple things he said then strike me, and I want to reference them here today. One is very simple. He says: The world needs America to lead. We can have a different understanding or philosophy on tactics of what that means. It is something that we all know to be true. The world needs America to lead. 
throwing out the first pitch at Yankee Stadium right after 9/11. He knew the stadium was going to be filled up. It was the World Series. It was right after 9/11. America was watching, and they were looking for something to be able to celebrate. Now, he was down getting 
ready to come out of the dugout, wearing a bulletproof vest, and he had a conversation with Derek Jeter. Derek Jeter asked the President whether or not he was going to throw from the top of the mound or the front of the mound, and the President answered: ‘‘What should I do?’’ Derek Jeter says: ‘‘You have to throw from the top of the mound or they won’t respect you.’’ A few moments later, the President is getting ready to walk out onto the field, and Derek Jeter said one other last word of advice. His last words were: ‘‘Don’t bounce it. They will boo you.’’ 
President, from the top of the mound, and don’t bounce it. Don’t bring home a bad deal. The resulting boos would be the least of America’s problems. Right now is a time for strength and not weakness. 
thank the gentleman for bringing this important Special Order here tonight. 
for his remarks and reminding us of the stakes. Also, Mr. Speaker, in a recent hearing held by the newly formed Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, one expert we heard from described the threat posed by just one of the many Iranianbacked terror groups. He told us: Hezbollah remains one of the most capable terror organizations in the world. The group’s original aims were to establish a radical Shia Islamist theocracy in Lebanon and destroy Israel. However, in recent years Hezbollah has ‘‘established cells and infrastructure in places across the globe, from Latin America and Africa to Europe and Asia.’’ As a former Hezbollah leader confirmed years ago, ‘‘Hezbollah has been receiving since 1982 all kinds of moral, political, and material backing from the Islamic Republic of Iran.’’ 
that lifting sanctions could have on Iran’s ability to export terror and finance military operations around the world. To this very day, we know that Iran remains the most active and largest state sponsor of terrorism. The wide array of terror activities Iran either supports financially or militarily include but are not limited to Hezbollah, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Hamas, the Houthi in Yemen, Shiite militias in Iraq, and militants in Afghanistan, while also maintaining its own terrorism apparatus, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. 
Notably, many of the terror financing experts we have heard from throughout our terror task force hearings have emphasized their concerns over the Obama administration’s willingness to lift sanctions and free up billions of dollars for the Iranian regime to use at large. Many experts agree that these sanctions have, without a doubt, diminished Iran’s ability to support terrorism and proliferation. 
It is shocking to think that the current administration would provide billions of dollars in a windfall for the Iranian regime in return for promises that Iran will limit its nuclear weapons pursuit without stringent mechanisms that can guarantee Iran will not use that money to send paychecks to militants or the family of militants who plan to use it for attacks against innocent civilians. 
Iran can continue to use to set up and enhance militant training groups for Hezbollah and Hamas and groups in northern Africa. It is money Tehran can continue to send for covert weapons shipments and support terror operations across the globe. Lifting economic sanctions will allow Iran to again use the international banking sector and make it more difficult to prevent them from conducting transfers and finding ways to support illicit terror groups. 
recognize that the Iranian threat is much greater than the administration would have us believe. The threat is complex, multifaceted, and we must be combating the Iranian regime on multiple fronts instead of providing the regime billions of dollars in bonus money, all for agreeing to cooperate and pretend, if only for a short time, that they will act in good faith and adhere to international law and norms. 
colleague from Florida, Congressman RONDESANTIS , himself a veteran of the 
Navy JAG Corps. He has been outspoken on these issues. 
I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ). 
I was listening intently to our colleague from New York talk about the President needing to get up on the top of the mound and throw a perfect strike here with this deal. I have seen the President throw a baseball, and Lord help us if that is what we need to stop this, because I think we are in a major, major pickle here, and it has been the result of bad policies from the beginning. 
House voted to increase sanctions on Iran. And we did that with over 400 votes, on a bipartisan basis. And that was really the obvious thing to do at the time because the leadership of Iran, the mullahs, were chafing under the sanctions regime that was in place. And the way to deal with a country like Iran, with a leadership that is 
they are starting to chafe, you turn the screws harder. 
would not bring that up for a vote. The President decided that rather than that route, he would simply provide unilateral sanctions relief to Iran, saying: This is a gesture of good faith. Now we want you to reciprocate with your nuclear program. 
Iran has said: Go fly a kite. We are not giving up anything. 
the verge of submitting to the Congress allows Iran to keep their entire nuclear infrastructure. The underground bunker at Fordow is fortified for a missile attack. Why do you need to fortify a nuclear facility against a missile attack if it is for peaceful purposes? So they get to keep that. 
Iraq that they get to keep. That is used to produce plutonium. They don’t need it for peaceful purposes. They have advanced centrifuges that they are allowed to keep. Again, no use for those for peaceful purposes. 
where, if you turn back the clock almost 2 years, when this House voted those sanctions with over 400 votes, if you asked Iran and the Iranian leadership what they most wanted, they probably said: Well, look, we want to keep our nuclear infrastructure, but we want to get rid of these sanctions. 
what is going to happen. And that is going to be a very, very dangerous and bad deal. 
I do think it is worth pointing out as 
much as we can the nature of this regime. They are not only fomenting problems in the Middle East, they are not only dedicated to the destruction of Israel, they are dedicated to the destruction of the United States. 
The most deadly attack on U.S. marines since Iwo Jima was in 1983 at the Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, when Hezbollah, which was supported by Iran, bombed and killed 220 U.S. marines, another 21 personnel. That is a major amount of American blood on their hands. 
were responsible for killing hundreds of our servicemembers through the Shiite militias that were operating as their proxy forces, and may have killed as many as 1,500. So, again, that is major, major American blood on their hands. 
1979, showed any evidence of changing or deviating from their ideologyrooted and militant Islam. They are a danger not only to the region, but to the world. 
since this President has taken office, Iran has steadily increased its influence and power in the region. They are the number one actor in Iraq, by far. They are now battling for Yemen with the Houthis. They are the number one 
patron of Hamas on the Gaza Strip. They are the number one patron of Hezbollah in Lebanon, and they are the number one patron of Assad in Syria. And so this is a massive Shiite crescent throughout the Middle East. 
see our administration bending over backwards to cut deals with Iran, they see the Shiitebacked militias that are backed by Iran and Iraq—the ones fighting ISIS—that makes the average Sunni Arab say: You know what? I am much more likely to want to join ISIS than have to live under Shiite oppression. 
has been bad for expanding Iran’s influence, but I think it also has the effect of driving more Sunni Arabs into the hands of ISIS, and so it is loselose policy. 
for having this discussion. I hope that this bad deal doesn’t happen, but if it does, we need to have robust debate in the House. We need to pick apart the deal piece by piece and show how this is not something that is good for security in the world. 
deal has even been agreed to because you see an arms race in the Middle East with the Sunni Arab states that has been underway now for some time. That is a direct result of the bad policies that this administration has engaged in visavis Iran. 
So the regime in Iran is an enemy of 
the country. We need to recognize that. And we need to make sure that we scrutinize any deal that comes to this Congress that allows Iran to maintain a nuclear capacity and that it is voted down resoundingly. 
There is plenty to consider as the negotiations continue between the P5+1 and Iran as we look forward to what deal will be produced. 
been expressed by my colleagues from Florida and New York, we must be vigilant, particularly when you look at the context of what has been happening with Iran over the 36 years. 
Again, today we mark the sad anniversary of the murder of Bobby Stethem at the hands of Iranian backed terrorists. Bobby is one of many victims that this Islamic regime out of Iran has been responsible for over nearly four decades. 
Iran would not even be required to actually stop enriching uranium merits our grave concern. In light of a final agreement’s farreaching implications for the security of both our allies in the region and our own national defenses, we must be extremely vigilant. 
committee that has been tasked with investigating the financial backers that keep international terror groups wellarmed and operating, we cannot ignore Iran’s leading role in international terror financing. 
Committee, once the administration agrees to lift all economic sanctions and free up billions of dollars to the Iranian regime, there is no guarantee that deepening the regime’s pockets will not result in increased financing for acts of terror that will kill innocent people. 
been publicly suggested by the President, it will be all but impossible to simply slap those economic sanctions back into effect should Iran break the terms of a final nuclear weapons deal. 
We must look to the past and consider the present situation. We owe as much to all those who were murdered at the hand of the Iranian regime and by terror groups who would use Iranian money and weapons to take the lives of innocent men, women, and children. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL) until 10 p.m. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, Congress has a chance this week to turn the President’s ‘‘Pivot to Asia’’ into a ‘‘Pivot to America.’’ The question is: Will we as Members listen to the people, or will we double down on a watereddown policy that has divided both the Democratic and Republican sides of the aisle? 
We often complain about lack of bipartisanship, but in this case, we are seeing it stop the trade promotion authority, or TPA, fast track. We must hold firm. 
long history of being for free trade. We all want our goods to go to international markets and for trade barriers to be removed. We find ourselves at a crossroads today because both parties have voiced a lack of trust in the President’s ability to be able to negotiate what is best for America. That is why we are still fighting to stop the trade promotion authority, better known as fast track. 
all ills. In fact, if granted, we could see the President move swiftly on the TransPacific Partnership that will likely not deliver the goods, potentially binding our Nation to an agreement that could circumvent U.S. interests and law and have secondary harmful effects in multiple areas. 
professor at the University of Texas at El Paso, makes this analysis: 
dire. We already saw under NAFTA how so many jobs left the United States and also went from Mexico. Then we saw, as well, tens of thousands of lowincome Mexican families being put out of work and losing 
their land, and we saw how that drove migration to the United States. 
Congress and the White House take offense at any opposition, leveling the charge that we are being protectionists. The White House claims that with fast track they can move the TPP to lower barriers on U.S. exports among the 11 other nations, thus increasing jobs and wages. 
Now to the facts. Contrary to what we hear, we already 
have highstandard free trade agreements with 7 of those other 11 nations in the proposed TransPacific Partnership. We are writing the rules in the Pacific. Let’s write them some more, with good bilateral agreements that will allow the American people to have a voice, not some council or transnational commission that sets our fate. 
about Simon Johnson, a former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund, a professor at MIT Sloan, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics? Maybe he knows something about it. Here is what he says about the myth of needing the TPA to lower tariffs among the proposed members of the TransPacific Partnership: 
Mexico, and the United States are long gone—that was the effect of the North American Free Trade Agreement. Under the Australia and Singapore free trade agreements as well, almost all tariffs on U.S. goods sold 
in those countries have been eliminated. Goods from the United States have entered Chile without tariffs since January of this year, and most tariffs imposed by Peru have already been phased out. 
The TPP will amount to a free trade agreement with Brunei, with a population less than Omaha, Nebraska, I might add, and New Zealand, with a population less than Louisiana. Encouraging exports to these countries is surely desirable, but the economic impact on the U.S. is unlikely to be more than a rounding error. 
the issues are more complex: Japan, Malaysia, and Vietnam. And TPP will also confer special status on foreign investors, allowing them to sue for financial judgments against hostcountry regulations. 
Why we would want to provide such differential protection to nondomestic companies is a mystery. Creating a quasilegal process outside the regular court system, just for foreigners, can go wrong in many ways. 
without divulging the details, I would add the concern about private rights in disputes, the transnational panel empowered with a living agreement—and yes, it is there; I have seen it with my own eyes—even after the accord is signed by member nations. 
There are also the possible exceptions granted to Brunei, whose legal system is not to the same standard as the other nations. 
to economically integrate like the EU—Not cooperate, but integrate. 
have? Here are a few. First, we must start by listening to 
the American people. If the majority of Americans—from socialists to progressives, to liberals, to moderates, to conservatives, to constitutionalists, to the Tea Parties—have voiced concerns and do not want TPA granted, then our actions this week will truly reflect if we are being representative of that voice. 
Second, the President must demonstrate he can lead on foreign policy. He has yet to do it. Granting fast track to negotiate with 40 percent of the world’s economy should be based on how well he has handled negotiations with other nations in his tenure. It is here, in the foreign policy arena, he is found wanting. 
The President’s talent for negotiation among nations should be measured by his foreign policy record. Have we forgotten the line in the sand, the arming of al Qaeda and other nefarious Syrian rebels to fight Assad, only to watch them morph into ISIS, then dismiss them as a JV team, only to see them tear through Iraq, which fell apart after we abandoned it, after we were assured they could stand on their own if we left early, and now, no strategy to fix it? 
has morphed into a potential for nuclear winter with Iran. Let’s not forget Crimea and Ukraine. I can go on. The question is: Why are we? 
As I have said before, like Lucy holding the football, we are told that the President needs the power to negotiate; if we just come and take a kick at it, all will be fine. 
our Nation; instead, the President must show us some deeds, not words. He should start by negotiating a bilateral free trade agreement with Japan, an ally, the biggest nation of those that remain and the one that has the greatest economic impact. Intently focus there, bring that to us, and we will likely approve it. 
Third, negotiate an interim agreement with China. We still have much to do with raising the bar on Chinese trade due to corruption, piracy of intellectual property, standards of goods, and other concerns. We made those same claims with Japan in the 1960s and with South Korea in the 1980s. Today, we no longer have those concerns. 
these problems. Well, we certainly know how to make plenty of those. Negotiate a law school program all across our land’s rich institutions to create Chinese attorneys to enforce the economic benefits of the rule of law. 
As to goods, China is seeking oil, natural gas, coal, timber, aggregate, beef, and pork to expand their infrastructure and to feed their people. We have an abundance of these and hardworking Americans that will gladly produce and send these goods. 
Instead of making China turn to terrorist states like Sudan and troublemakers like Venezuela to pursue these 
resources, how about a trade agreement on these narrow products that will immediately benefit the American people, reduce our debt with China, and strengthen our friendly ties? 
It is not impossible. We have the resources. We have the technology. What we need are the guts to do it, a rekindling of the American spirit, and the leadership to get it done. It starts by putting the brakes on fast track. We need the right track instead. 
to stand your ground. It is time for Congress to lead and be the clarion voice of the American people that we represent. That leadership starts this week in the United States House of Representatives. 
back to the American people, invest in ourselves, and benefit not just the Pacific, but the entire world, as we have clearly demonstrated we can do in the last 100 years. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
request of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on 
Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi (at the request of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today 
through June 26 on account of mandatory military service with the Mississippi Army National Guard. 
Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on account of 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, June 16, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1827. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Annual 
1832. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1508. A bill to promote the development of a United States commercial space resource exploration and utilization industry and to increase the exploraton and utilization of resources in outer space; with an amendment (Rept. 114–153). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ms. GRANGER: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 2772. A bill making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–154). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Rules. House Resolution 315. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2596) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–155). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
JACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. 
H.R. 2767. A bill to prohibit certain individuals from possessing a firearm in an airport, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the 
Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. KEATING , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. M CNERNEY ): 
H.R. 2768. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the use of funds in the Hazardous Substance Superfund for the purposes for which they were collected, to ensure adequate resources for the cleanup of hazardous substances under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Credit Union Administration to conduct a study of the appropriate capital requirements for credit unions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. P AYNE ): 
Security Act of 2002 to require certain maintenance of securityrelated technology at airports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 2771. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the dollar limitation on employerprovided group term life insurance that can be excluded from the gross income of the employee; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. C LARKE  
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, 
Florida, Ms. E STY, Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY  
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to provide grants to local educational agencies to encourage girls and underrepresented minorities to pursue studies and careers in science, mathematics, engineering, and technology; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2774. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to prohibit recovery of certain overpayments through tax refund offsets and to prohibit the application of the 
earnings test with respect to child’s insurance benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
WOMACK , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. C ONYERS , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. S TIVERS , 
Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D OLD, Mr. R IGELL , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia): 
to enforce State and local sales and use tax laws on remote transactions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2776. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to issue regulations with respect to the size standards certain air carriers utilize for carryon baggage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 2777. A bill to direct the Commissioner of Social Security to implement certain record keeping recommendations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2778. A bill to amend chapter 8 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide for Congressional oversight of agency rulemaking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2779. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to repeal the 7year restriction on eligibility for widow’s and widower’s insurance benefits based on disability; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2780. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the twoyear waiting period for divorced spouse’s benefits following the divorce; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2781. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to provide for full benefits for disabled widows and widowers without regard to age; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2782. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to provide for increases in widow’s and widower’s insurance benefits by reason of delayed retirement; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2783. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the financing of the Superfund; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
assistance to Brazil until such time as Brazil amends its laws to remove the prohibition on extradition of nationals of Brazil to other countries; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 2785. A bill to suspend the issuance of 
visas to nationals of Brazil until such time as Brazil amends its laws to remove the prohibition on extradition of nationals of Brazil to other countries; to the Committee on the 
MILLER of Michigan): H.R. 2786. A bill to require the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to submit a report on crossborder rail security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 2787. A bill to amend the Wild and 
Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. P OE 
of Texas, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
H. Res. 316. A resolution observing the historical significance of Juneteenth Independence Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2767. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2768. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitution of the United States provides clear authority for Congress to pass tax legislation. Article I of the Constitution, in detailing Congressional authority, provides that ‘‘Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes . . .’’ (Section 8, Clause 1). This legislation is introduced pursuant to that grant of authority. 
H.R. 2769. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2770. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2771. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
that, ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises . . .’’ Further, Amendment XVI states that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several states, and without regard to any census or enumeration.’’ 
H.R. 2772. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United 
States (the appropriation power), which states. ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
H.R. 2773. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2774. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2775. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2776. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, which reads ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 2777. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2778. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
powers granted under article I of the United States Constitution, including the legislative vesting clause of article I, section 1; the power granted to each House of Congress under article I, section 5, clause 2; and the power granted to Congress under article I, section 8, clause 18. 
H.R. 2779. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2780. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2781. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2783. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 2784. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2785. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2786. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2787. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose 
of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. 
MENG, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
DENHAM , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. 
H.R. 167: Ms. S PEIER and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 197: Ms. B ASS, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. F UDGE , and Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 276: Mr. L ONGand Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 501: Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
H.R. 592: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. B RAT, and Mr. 
H.R. 706: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 774: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. K ILMER. 
H.R. 815: Mr. H OLDING , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. 
FLEMING . H.R. 829: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 863: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
H.R. 893: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. S ANFORD , and 
H.R. 921: Ms. E SHOO and Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 969: Mr. H INOJOSA and Ms. R OS 
H.R. 980: Mr. Z ELDIN and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 985: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P OEof Texas, 
H.R. 1221: Ms. E STY, Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. 
H.R. 1312: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1365: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. M ILLERof Florida, and Mr. S CALISE . 
H.R. 1387: Mr. G IBSON , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
H.R. 1427: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. H URD of 
H.R. 1462: Ms. P INGREE and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. D OLD, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. P ETERS , and 
H.R. 1635: Mr. R IGELL and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1911: Mr. H IGGINS and Mr. R OONEY of 
H.R. 1919: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T AKAI, and 
H.R. 1971: Mr. G ALLEGO and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mrs. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. L UCAS and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. B RAT, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. 
H.R. 2083: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M ICHELLE  
H.R. 2096: Mr. A BRAHAM and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 2123: Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 2152: Mr. B ABIN and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 2213: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. H UDSON , 
Mr. T URNER , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
H.R. 2266: Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
H.R. 2287: Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. 
H.R. 2315: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. R OYCE , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. G OSAR , and 
H.R. 2591: Mr. M CNERNEY and Mr. C ARSON  
H.R. 2653: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
CULBERSON , Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 2692: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2737: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2739: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H. Con. Res. 53: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. 
H. Res. 209: Mr. K LINE and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H. Res. 233: Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. A LGREEN of 
and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
District 6 City Councilman Don Zimmerman, Austin, TX, relative to repealing Section 42, of the Internal Revenue Code, on the subject of lowincome housing federal tax credits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4119 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 2015 No. 95 