today to honor the life of Dr. Calvin Moret, a true American hero and a Louisiana native. Dr. Moret was the last surviving Tuskegee Airman in Louisiana, and he passed away this month at the age of 90. 
Dr. Moret’s story is truly remarkable, and he stood up to hate and bigotry with courage and dignity. He fought for this country while overcoming an incredible amount of racial adversity. He broke barriers, and he dedicated his life to service. 
in Monroe, Louisiana, and as a pilot myself, I can tell you, he was the real deal. It was the highlight of my life to meet him, a true hero that had been ostracized by society but still believed so deeply in maintaining the freedoms of our country. 
Moret had to stand up for what is great in this Nation. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, reflecting on Pope Francis’ historic engagement with us here in the House yesterday, he opened with gratefulness for our freedom. We know we have that freedom because of the brave that our respective homelands have blessed us with. He spoke of the responsibility 
that we, as leaders, are to help grow a nation and the freedom with it. Freedom is essential in that success. 
Pope Francis said it is for all Americans—not just its representatives in this room and others like it—to help sustain society with action and the service attitude of organizations that are truly helpful for those truly in need. 
Through faith, not its misuse or extremism, but with humility, with that attitude of service, we are a better people. But it requires religious freedom, a cornerstone of our Nation’s founding, indeed, important enough to be articulated and underlined in the First Amendment of our Bill of Rights. With that amendment, it has brought us peace and prosperity and helped the USA to be a beacon of hope and service to the world. 
freedom goes the respect of innocent life and preserving the family. As Pope Francis closed his remarks on the legacy for our youth, these ideals of life and family are the spirit we can all endeavor to pass to our youth, their future of a great land filled with freedoms and opportunity, that comes with all of us at that service. For all of us Americans, that is our job. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, in 1987, I was grateful to be present in Columbia, South Carolina, when Pope John Paul II, as the Polish born Pope, promoted liberation from communism in Europe. Yesterday, I was grateful to be present with Pope Francis. 
States, the Pope visited Cuba. An Associated Press article, as reprinted in The Post and Courier this week, said Pope Francis gave a message that Cubans should ‘‘overcome ideological preconceptions and be willing to change.’’ 
In the communist totalitarian dictatorship of Cuba, only the communist ideology is allowed to be changed. Hopefully, change will lead to freedom, as proven by Pope John Paul II. 
which was stolen from its owners and is now held by the Cuban military, which controls over 70 percent of all businesses. This corrupt regime impoverishing its citizens has been propped up by the Soviet Union and then Chavez of Venezuela. Both have now failed, as Russians and Venezuelans see the failure of Big Government. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism, and God bless a liberated Cuba. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, we all saw this past week as the press reported on a drug that was raised from $13.50 a tablet to $750 a tablet. If you spend about 60 seconds with a physician or a pharmacist, you will find this has been going on for a couple of years now. 
our first responders use, and digoxin and nitroglycerin that our heart patients use, nitroglycerin has gone from 8 cents a tablet to $8 a tablet over the last couple of years. The same thing has happened with doxycycline, a generic antibiotic that has been on the market for years. 
FDA and the Federal Trade Commission to work together to help stop this fleecing of America and what is happening in the generic drug market. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the importance of the poultry industry to Georgia and the issue of highly pathogenic avian influenza. 
Georgia is the Nation’s leading poultryproducing State, and my hometown of Gainesville proudly claims the title of ‘‘chicken capital of the world.’’ The poultry industry is critical to the Ninth District of Georgia and the State as a whole. The jobs of 138,000 Georgians depend on the poultry industry, and poultry represents almost half of Georgia’s entire agriculture sector. Given the scale and importance of 
the industry to Georgia, it is critically important that adequate attention is paid to the potential threat of bird flu. We saw the devastating impact of a highly pathogenic AI outbreak earlier this year. It was the worst animal disease outbreak in U.S. history. Now, with birds migrating south for the winter, we have to face the prospect of a disease striking the poultry industry again. 
fall plan, and I understand that USDA has been in touch with State governments. But we must do more than simply conceptualize a response. We need to take proactive steps to prevent the spread and severity of highpath AI. 
Black and the Georgia Department of Agriculture for their dedication to preparing for a potential outbreak and the commitment of thousands of Georgians who depend on the poultry industry. 
closely with Georgia and implement meaningful measures in coordination with State needs and recommendations. We need to shorten response time, install biosecurity measures, and work to prevent or reduce future outbreaks. We simply cannot wait to act. Steps must be taken now to mitigate damages to this industry that is so vital to the economy in northeast Georgia. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 348. 
LAMALFA ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 420 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 348. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environmental documents for permitting determinations, and for other purposes, with Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of 
the Whole rose on Thursday, September 24, 2015, all time for general debate had expired. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–26. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
And Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015’’ or as the ‘‘RAPID Act’’. 
5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subchapter II the following: 
or other unit of Federal, State, local, or Indian tribal government; 
projects related by project type, potential environmental impacts, geographic location, or another similar project feature or characteristic; 
analysis for determining whether to prepare an environmental impact statement or a finding of no significant impact; 
the detailed statement of significant environmental impacts required to be prepared under NEPA; 
agency procedures for preparing an environmental impact statement, environmental assessment, categorical exclusion, or other document under NEPA; 
means the Federal agency procedures for undertaking and completion of any environmental permit, decision, approval, review, or study under any Federal law other than NEPA for a project subject to an environmental review; 
document by a Federal agency briefly presenting the reasons why a project, not otherwise subject to a categorical exclusion, will not have a significant effect on the human environment and for which an environmental impact statement therefore will not be prepared; 
that are construction activities undertaken with Federal funds or that are construction activities that require approval by a permit or regulatory decision issued by a Federal agency; 
other entity, including any private or public private entity, that seeks approval for a project or is otherwise responsible for undertaking a project; and 
prepared by a lead agency under NEPA following an environmental impact statement that states the lead agency’s decision, identifies the alternatives considered by the agency in reaching its decision and states whether all practicable means to avoid or minimize environmental harm from the alternative selected have been adopted, and if not, why they were not adopted. 
the project sponsor shall be authorized to prepare any document for purposes of an environmental review required in support of any project or approval by the lead agency if the lead agency furnishes oversight in such preparation and independently evaluates such document and the document is approved and adopted by the lead agency prior to taking any action or making any approval based on such document. 
statement and 1 environmental assessment shall be prepared under NEPA for a project (except for supplemental environmental documents prepared under NEPA or environmental documents prepared pursuant to a court order), and, except as otherwise provided by law, the lead agency shall prepare the environmental impact statement or environmental assessment. After the lead agency issues a record of decision, no Federal agency responsible for making any approval for that project may rely on a document other than the environmental document prepared by the lead agency. 
lead agency may adopt, use, or rely upon secondary and cumulative impact analyses included in any environmental document prepared under NEPA for projects in the same geographic area where the secondary and cumulative impact analyses provide information and data that pertains to the NEPA decision for the project under review. 
lead agency may adopt a document that has been prepared for a project under State laws and procedures as the environmental impact statement or environmental assessment for the project, provided that the State laws and procedures under which the document was prepared provide environmental protection and opportunities for public involvement that are substantially equivalent to NEPA. 
by the lead agency, the lead agency shall prepare and publish a supplement to that document if the lead agency determines that— 
project that is relevant for purposes of environmental review of the project; or 
circumstances or availability of information relevant to the environmental review for the project. 
responsible for inviting and designating participating agencies in accordance with this subsection. The lead agency shall provide the invitation or notice of the designation in writing. 
Federal agency that is required to adopt the environmental document of the lead agency for a project shall be designated as a participating agency and shall collaborate on the preparation of the environmental document, unless the Federal agency informs the lead agency, in writing, by a time specified by the lead agency in the designation of the Federal agency that the Federal agency— 
a participating agency under this subsection does not imply that the participating agency— 
agency may also be designated by a lead agency as a ‘cooperating agency’ under the regulations contained in part 1500 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2011. Designation as a cooperating agency shall have no effect on designation as participating agency. No agency that is not a participating agency may be designated as a cooperating agency. 
agency under other applicable law concurrently and in conjunction with the review required under NEPA; and 
shall limit its comments on a project to areas that are within the authority and expertise of such participating agency. Each participating agency shall identify in such comments the statutory authority of the participating agency pertaining to the subject matter of its comments. The lead agency shall not act upon, respond to or include in any document prepared under NEPA, any comment submitted by a participating agency that concerns matters that are outside of the authority and expertise of the commenting participating agency. 
the Federal agency responsible for undertaking a project with notice of the initiation of the project by providing a description of the proposed project, the general location of the proposed project, and a statement of any Federal approvals anticipated to be necessary for the proposed project, for the purpose of informing the Federal agency that the environmental review should be initiated. 
during the environmental review, but no later than during scoping for a project requiring the preparation of an environmental impact statement, the lead agency shall provide an opportunity for involvement by cooperating agencies in determining the range of alternatives to be considered for a project. 
alternative that was identified but not carried forward for detailed evaluation in an environmental document or evaluated and not selected in any environmental document prepared under NEPA for the same project. 
managed, funded, or undertaken by a project sponsor that is not a Federal agency, Federal agencies shall only be required to evaluate alternatives that the project sponsor could feasibly undertake, consistent with the purpose of and the need for the project, including alternatives that can be undertaken by the project sponsor and that are technically and economically feasible. 
that an alternative does not meet the purpose and need for a project, that alternative is not required to be evaluated in detail in an environmental document. 
of each alternative in an environmental impact statement or an environmental assessment shall identify the potential effects of the alternative on employment, including potential shortterm and longterm employment increases and reductions and shifts in employment. 
‘‘(ii) FACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In establishing the schedule, the lead agency shall consider factors such as— 
resources that could be affected by the project; and 
geographic proximity were recently subject to environmental review or similar State procedures. 
with the time periods established in the schedule or with any modified time periods, where the 
in writing to a lead agency decision, finding or request for concurrence within the time period established under law or by the lead agency, the agency shall be deemed to have concurred in the decision, finding or request. 
be consistent with any other relevant time periods established under Federal law. 
‘‘(ii) shorten a schedule only with the concurrence of the cooperating agencies. 
modification of such schedule to all participating agencies and to the project sponsor; and 
AGENCY .—With respect to the environmental review for any project, the lead agency shall have authority and responsibility to take such actions as are necessary and proper, within the authority of the lead agency, to facilitate the expeditious resolution of the environmental review for the project. 
shall apply to any project subject to review under NEPA and any decision under any Federal law relating to such project (including the issuance or denial of a permit or license or any required finding): 
lead agency shall complete the environmental review within the following deadlines: 
has prepared an environmental assessment and determined that an environmental impact statement will be required, the lead agency shall issue the environmental impact statement within 2 years after the date of publication of the Notice of Intent to Prepare an Environmental Impact Statement in the Federal Register. 
For projects requiring preparation of an environmental assessment, the lead agency shall issue a finding of no significant impact or publish a Notice of Intent to Prepare an Environmental Impact Statement in the Federal Register within 1 year after the earlier of the date the lead agency receives the project initiation request, makes a decision to prepare an environmental assessment, or sends out participating agency invitations. 
agreement of the lead agency, the project sponsor, and all participating agencies; or 
shall not be extended by more than 1 year for a project requiring preparation of an environmental impact statement or by more than 180 days for a project requiring preparation of an environmental assessment. 
and the public on a draft environmental impact statement, the lead agency shall establish a comment period of not more than 60 days after publication in the Federal Register of notice of the date of public availability of such document, unless— 
agreement of the lead agency, the project sponsor, and all participating agencies; or 
agreement of the lead agency, the project sponsor, and all participating agencies; or 
law, in any case in which a decision under any other Federal law relating to the undertaking of a project being reviewed under NEPA (including the issuance or denial of a permit or license) is required to be made, the following deadlines shall apply: 
Federal agency is required to approve, or otherwise to act upon, a permit, license, or other similar application for approval related to a project prior to the record of decision or finding of no significant impact, such Federal agency shall approve or otherwise act not later than the end of a 90day period beginning— 
of the availability of the final environmental impact statement or issuance of other final environmental documents, or no later than such other date that is otherwise required by law, whichever event occurs first. 
‘‘(ii) after the lead agency issues the record of 
decision or finding of no significant impact, unless a different deadline is established by agreement of the Federal agency, lead agency, and the project sponsor, where applicable, or the deadline is extended by the Federal agency for good cause, provided that such extension shall not extend beyond a period that is 1 year after the lead agency issues the record of decision or finding of no significant impact. 
may not set aside such agency action by reason 
of that agency action having occurred under this paragraph. 
participating agencies shall work cooperatively in accordance with this section to identify and resolve issues that could delay completion of the environmental review or could result in denial of any approvals required for the project under applicable laws. 
lead agency shall make information available to the participating agencies as early as practicable in the environmental review regarding the environmental, historic, and socioeconomic resources located within the project area and the general locations of the alternatives under consideration. Such information may be based on existing data sources, including geographic information systems mapping. 
lead agency, participating agencies shall identify, as early as practicable, any issues of concern regarding the project’s potential environmental, historic, or socioeconomic impacts. In this paragraph, issues of concern include any issues that could substantially delay or prevent an agency from granting a permit or other approval that is needed for the project. 
At any time upon request of a project sponsor, the lead agency shall promptly convene a meeting with the relevant participating agencies and the project sponsor, to resolve issues that could delay completion of the environmental review or could result in denial of any approvals required for the project under applicable laws. 
within 30 days following such a meeting and a determination by the lead agency that all information necessary to resolve the issue has been obtained, the lead agency shall notify the heads of all participating agencies, the project sponsor, and the Council on Environmental Quality for further proceedings in accordance with section 204 of NEPA, and shall publish such notification in the Federal Register. 
‘social cost of carbon’ means the social cost of carbon as described in the technical support document entitled ‘Technical Support Document: Technical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order No. 12866’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Government, in May 2013, revised in November 2013, or any successor thereto or substantially related document, or any other estimate of the monetized damages associated with an incremental increase in carbon dioxide emissions in a given year. 
a record of decision or finding of no significant impact and the length of time it took the agency to complete the environmental review for each such project; 
agency that sought judicial review of a permit, license, or approval issued by the agency for an action subject to NEPA. 
provision of law, a claim arising under Federal law seeking judicial review of a permit, license, or approval issued by a Federal agency for an action subject to NEPA shall be barred unless— 
project for which an environmental review was conducted and an opportunity for comment was provided, the claim is filed by a party that submitted a comment during the environmental review on the issue on which the party seeks judicial review, and such comment was sufficiently detailed to put the lead agency on notice of the issue upon which the party seeks judicial review; and 
a notice in the Federal Register announcing that the permit, license, or approval is final pursuant to the law under which the agency action is taken, unless a shorter time is specified in the Federal law pursuant to which judicial review is allowed. 
supplemental environmental impact statement, when required, is deemed a separate final agency action and the deadline for filing a claim for judicial review of such action shall be 180 days after the date of publication of a notice in the Federal Register announcing the record of decision for such action. Any claim challenging agency action on the basis of information in a supplemental environmental impact statement shall be limited to challenges on the basis of that information. 
subsection shall be construed to create a right to judicial review or place any limit on filing a claim that a person has violated the terms of a permit, license, or approval. 
shall be construed to supersede, amend, or modify sections 134, 135, 139, 325, 326, and 327 of title 23, sections 5303 and 5304 of title 49, or subtitle C of title I of division A of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act and the amendments made by such subtitle (Public Law 112–141).’’. 
days after the date that the Council on Environmental Quality amends the regulations contained in part 1500 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, to implement the provisions of this division and the amendments made by this division, each Federal agency with regulations implementing the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) shall amend such regulations to implement the provisions of this division. 
amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–261. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MARINO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–261. 
an amendment at the desk as the designee of Chairman GOODLATTE . 
Page 8, line 20, strike ‘‘P ARTICIPATING ’’ and 
following: ‘‘(as such term is defined in part 1500 of title 40 of the Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2011)’’. 
Page 10, line 6, strike ‘‘P ARTICIPATING ’’ and 
Page 10, strike line 21 and all that follows 
Page 11, beginning on line 22, strike ‘‘participating’’ and insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 12, strike line 7 and all that follows 
Page 12, strike line 17, and all that follows 
through ‘‘project, and the’’ on line 20, and insert the following: 
notice’’ and all that follows through line 3 on page 13, and insert the following: ‘‘an application for a project from a project sponsor.’’. 
Page 16, beginning on line 22, strike ‘‘participating’’ and insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
project initiation request’’, and insert the following: ‘‘an application for a project from a project sponsor’’. 
Page 21, beginning on line 4, strike ‘‘participating’’ and insert ‘‘cooperating’’. 
Page 25, line 15, strike ‘‘cooperatively’’. Page 25, line 23, strike ‘‘participating’’ and 
Page 29, line 9, strike ‘‘a party that’’ and 
insert ‘‘a party to the administrative proceeding, and the party’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 420, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ) and a Member 
amendment makes numerous technical and other minor wording changes to the bill. Together, these revisions clarify that the bill does not authorize duplicative agency review proceedings, does not require duplicative project notification and initiation of agency review procedures, and does not allow permitting decisions to be challenged in court by parties who did not first present their arguments in the administrative proceedings that produced the challenged permit. 
agreement reached between the Judiciary Committee and the other committee of jurisdiction, the Natural Resources Committee. 
to support the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. 
unanimous consent to claim time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. 
manager’s amendment has been categorized as a technical amendment. We are told the amendment is designed to clarify the bill, which is being sold as the answer to our Nation’s economic woes. 
government environmental reviews, and this amendment is supposed to streamline the underlying bill. Unfortunately, the only thing that is being streamlined here are the facts about NEPA. 
the Republicans’ favor. For more than 40 years, NEPA has ensured that federally funded projects are carried out in a transparent and costeffective manner, while fostering public participation in the decisionmaking process and minimizing impacts to the environment. 
forum for citizens to engage in major Federal actions that affect our health, wellbeing, and the environment. NEPA saves millions of dollars and is a tool for environmental justice. NEPA gave the confederated Salish and Kootenai tribal governments and citizen groups an opportunity to engage in the design of U.S. 93 in western Montana, resulting in a project that successfully addressed safety, environmental, family farming, and cultural concerns. 
process saves money and improves the quality of life for people impacted by Federal decisions, go on and on. My Republican colleagues tend to streamline these stories so we never get a chance to hear them. 
completed through categorical exclusion, which generally requires only a few days. 
require an environmental assessment, and less than 1 percent require a full EIS. Those projects that do require an EIS tend to be the largest, most complex. The delays that do occur are more likely the result of local opposition, a lack of funding, or changes in the project’s scope. 
officials, and available studies show that most NEPA analyses do not result in litigation; yet, the underlying bill seeks to restrict judicial review, and the manager’s amendment would create a judicial bar to the courthouse doors before a party could seek judicial review. 
than 100 cases per year nationwide in the last decade even though the NEPA review process is applied to tens of thousands of government actions each year and tens of thousands more that are classified as exempt from review based on categorical exclusions. 
NEPA is not a barrier to development. It is a tool for better decision 
making. The only reason to avoid NEPA or to weaken it is so that you can make decisions less carefully. This is the purpose of the legislation. 
drafted very carefully; so, we have a manager’s amendment to fix all the errors. This manager’s amendment is just more proof that my Republican colleagues should leave NEPA alone because their understanding of how it works and what it does is, unfortunately, too streamlined. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Page 14, line 11, insert after the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘No alternative may be deemed feasible if the alternative does not adequately address risks associated with flooding, wildfire, and climate change.’’ 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 420, the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) and a Member 
Reagan once said, ‘‘There you go again.’’ Attacks on NEPA have become almost a common, weekly occurrence in this Congress, and H.R. 348 is just the latest iteration. 
VAPID Act because it is tired, unimaginative, and a ploy to undermine one of our bedrock environmental laws: NEPA. 
this bill’s problems, but it certainly would inject some small sense of fiscal responsibility into this legislation that seemingly has been designed for wasting taxpayers’ money. 
to comment on proposed projects virtually guarantees more lawsuits and more hastily approved projects that 
change, we must take special care to ensure that the future value of projects is considered. This means thoroughly evaluating the risks associated with more frequent and intense wildfires as well as flooding caused by stronger storms and higher sea levels. 
projects. As was pointed out by the ranking member, it is a fact that 95 percent of all NEPA analyses are completed through categorical exclusions, which generally require only a few days to process. 
Less than 5 percent require an environmental assessment, and less than 1 percent require a full environmental impact statement, or an EIS. 
tend to be the largest and most complex, and delays that do occur are more likely the result of local opposition, a lack of funding, or changes in the project’s scope, not due to NEPA. 
out by a future storm surge or that activities in our national forests don’t spark fires or that governmentfinanced and permitted actions are resilient to climate change is the least we can do to protect taxpayers and the environment. 
strong, not weaken it by making government actions less transparent. The current NEPA process allows for the full consideration of the costs and the benefits of proposed actions and leads to environmentally and economically sound outcomes. 
I urge a ‘‘yea’’ vote on my amendment because the threats associated with climate change and related natural hazards are too great for this House to continue to ignore. 
terms, the amendment brands infeasible—and, thus, barred from further evaluation—project alternatives that do not appear at the outset of the review process to adequately address risks associated with flooding, wildfire, and climate change. With all due respect, that puts the cart before the horse. 
The bill is intended to allow the review of alternatives that are technically and economically feasible. It is entirely possible that, during the course of review, a technically and economically feasible alternative that appears initially to be inadequate to address these risks could, on further review, be found to be adequate or to be improved to be adequate. It might even ultimately be found to be the best alternative under review. 
evaluation of alternatives that could ultimately prove adequate with regard 
process. What it does prevent is someone waiting to get in at the last moment, which has been 5 or 6 years later, to jam the system up in court, therefore crushing jobs and letting regulation run rampant. 
just want to comment that risks due to flooding, to stronger storms, to climate change are not putting the cart before the horse. I am simply asking that we don’t waste taxpayers’ money by not considering these risks. This is a fiscally sound amendment, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–261. 
ANALYSIS .—The evaluation of each alternative in an environmental impact statement or an environmental assessment shall identify the potential effects of the alternative on lowincome communities and communities of color.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 420, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) and a Member opposed 
National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA, is a 45yearold law which stands, basically, for two things: that the Federal Government should consider alternatives before taking action that can impact people’s lives and that the public should have the opportunity to comment on those alternatives before a final decision is made. 
these simple principles and so they attack NEPA time after time, year after year. The bill before us today is just a rerun of those attacks. 
My amendment, unfortunately, cannot fix this bill. In fact, my amendment is really just proof of what is so 
dangerous about the RAPID Act. Among the critical issues that can be addressed through our existing NEPA process is ensuring environmental justice. 
today seek to shortcircuit that process; so, they seek to shortcircuit environmental justice concerns. My amendment would put environmental justice considerations back in the process created by this legislation; but we would not even need this amendment if Republicans would just leave NEPA alone. 
Clinton issued his executive order on environmental justice. After decades of hard work, struggle, some victories along the way, the promise of environmental justice for all communities remains unfulfilled. 
While environmental toxins and pollution know no class or race, lowincome communities and communities of color bear a disproportionate share of adverse environmental consequences. 
Lowincome communities and communities of color are routinely targeted to host facilities that have negative environmental impacts, such as landfills, refineries, chemical plants, freeways, and ports. 
Americans live within 30 miles of a coalfired power plant. Nearly one out of every two Latinos lives in the country’s top 25 most ozonepolluted cities. 
been battling environmental injustices and have been seeking to build healthy, livable, and sustainable communities. 
NEPA recognizes that, when the public and Federal experts work together, better decisions are made. We have not solved the problem yet, but the solution is a more inclusive, more rigorous use of the NEPA process, not these constant, industryfriendly attacks on the law. 
work, and play in a healthy and safe environment; yet, too often, the health of too many Americans is determined by their race, class, ZIP code, and street address. 
have to come down here to protect these issues one by one for each and every Republican bill that is presented. 
would keep H.R. 348 from destroying the progress we have made on issues for communities of color, but it doesn’t solve the problem. 
drop H.R. 348 and to instead invest in making NEPA stronger and more inclusive than ever. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
those who suffer most unfairly from poor government decisionmaking are the communities the gentleman’s amendment addresses. For example, growing research shows that the costs of new regulations often have regressive effects on those with lower incomes. When poor government decisionmaking occurs in the permit review process, similar unfair effects may occur. 
against this by requiring agencies to identify and reveal the potential adverse effects of project alternatives on lowincome communities and communities of color. Once identified and revealed, of course, any such effects may be avoided, minimized, or mitigated. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Page 21, line 14, strike the period at the 
an elected official of a State or locality, or a local tribal official.’’. 
Page 22, line 8, strike ‘‘or’’. Page 22, line 10, strike the period at the 
an elected official of a State or locality, or a local tribal official.’’. 
Page 22, line 20, strike ‘‘or’’. Page 22, line 22, strike the period at the 
an elected official of a State or locality, or a local tribal official.’’. 
Page 24, line 12, strike ‘‘or’’. Page 24, line 14, insert after ‘‘cause,’’ the 
following: ‘‘, or the deadline was extended pursuant to the request of an elected official of a State or locality, or a local tribal official,’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 420, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) and a Member opposed 
today to offer a commonsense amendment to the RAPID Act, a misguided bill that will disempower local leaders, including tribal leaders, and threaten the health and safety of our communities and their communities. 
As a member of the Natural Resources Committee, time and time again I have witnessed the Republican majority siding with big business and gutting bedrock environmental safeguards that for decades have protected our families and our natural heritage. 
this bill is intended to protect the interest of our States and Native American tribes. 
the books for that purpose. It is called the National Environmental Policy Act, NEPA, and it works. At its heart, NEPA ensures that our government is accountable to the people. 
environment for more than 40 years without imposing arbitrary deadlines or limiting vital public input. 
It guarantees the public an opportunity to review and comment on actions proposed by the government, enabling important perspectives that would otherwise go unnoticed. In this way, NEPA can actually serve as a check on Big Government. 
Unfortunately, the RAPID Act promises the opposite, a deeply flawed process that would diminish the voice of State, local, and tribal communities. 
new regulatory framework that purposely overrides the NEPA review process, limiting public input and consequently undermining the quality and integrity of Federal agency decisions. 
Among its many dangerous provisions, the bill will also trigger the automatic approval of construction projects if agencies miss arbitrary deadlines, regardless of the complexity or hazard posed by such potential projects. 
Though the bill includes some extremely limited and narrow exceptions for these deadlines, as it is currently written, it fails to extend those deadlines for our local communities. 
a new good cause exception that would allow a deadline to be extended if a request is made from a local or State elected official or a local tribal leader. 
the problems in the underlying bill, it ensures that, if this bill should pass, our local and tribal leaders will continue to be empowered, as they are currently under NEPA. 
tape, but stripping away the ability of our local communities to have their voices heard is undemocratic and unacceptable. Mr. Chair, special interests don’t need us to fight for them. Our communities do. 
amendment and to stand with our local and tribal leaders when it comes to projects in their own back yards that 
amendment would allow agencies to escape the bill’s streamlined permitting deadlines simply because an elected State or local official or a local tribal official asks for an extension. 
The amendment contains no requirement that a Federal agency find the compelling basis for an extension or even a significant basis or even any substantive basis at all. 
On the contrary, all that a recalcitrant Federal agency, a project opponent, or anyone else would need to defeat an efficient permitting decision is to find an elected State or local official or a local tribal official willing to put in an extension request for them. 
The potential for abuse of this proposed provision by those who only seek delay for delay’s sake or who seek to kill worthy projects outright is obvious. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Page 24, strike line 19 and all that follows 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 420, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member 
hope that we will find common ground on really responding to a great concern that I think all Americans should be concerned about. 
RAPID Act, were it to become law, in the present form, a permit or license for a project would be deemed approved if the reviewing agency does not issue the requested permit or license within 90 to 120 days. That is a short period of 
An industry that I represent in Houston, Texas, the energy industry, has complex needs and, as well, complex impacts and consequences if we do not deal with the agencies responsible, if the DOE, for example, does not do its due diligence. 
These particular permits are done sooner than 90 to 120 days. But what this bill says is, if the agency is engaged in a very complex deliberative thought process, then, if they reach that deadline and they still have not finished, they are then, if you will, throwing to the side all of the safety issues and issues dealing with the protection of the American people under the bus. 
deeming approved any project for which an agency does not meet the deadlines contained in the bill. 
I can appreciate some of the frustrations through the review process by the National Environmental Policy Act, but the cure is not this bill. 
If a Federal agency has failed to approve or disapprove a project or make the required finding, we are in trouble. Babies are in trouble with formula. Senior citizens are in trouble with various pharmaceuticals. They are in trouble. And then, if we run up against the deadline, there is no response. 
when it is the case that the complexity of the issues, as I said, warrant us to do so. In other words, what this bill is saying is: To heck with reason and good judgment. We do not care. To heck with protecting the American people. We do not care. 
to the Pope’s words yesterday, I offer this quote: Moses provided us with a good synthesis of your work. You are asked to protect—and speaking to us— by means of the law, the image, and likeness fashioned by God on every human face. 
instruction. I believe that this amendment is worthy of passing. 
Act, were to become law in its present form, a permit or license for project would be ‘‘deemed’’ approved if the reviewing agency does not issue the requested permit or license within 90–120 days. 
My amendment strikes the provision deeming approved any project for which agency does not meet deadlines contained in the bill. 
frustrations expressed by many of our friends across the aisle when it comes to review process mandated by the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA). 
But the cure they propose in H.R. 348 is an 
example of a medicine that is worse than the disease. 
Under H.R. 348, if a federal agency fails to 
approve or disapprove the project or make the required finding of the termination within the applicable deadline, which is either 90 days or 120 days, depending on the situation, then the project is automatically deemed approved by 
First, as an agency is up against that deadline and legitimate work is yet to be completed, it is likely to disapprove the project simply because the issues have not been vetted. 
is the case that the complexity of issues that need to be resolved necessitates a longer review period, rather than an arbitrary limit. 
So if H.R. 348 were to become law the most 
likely outcome is that federal agencies would be required to make decisions based on incomplete information, or information that may not be available within the stringent deadlines, and to deny applications that otherwise would have been approved, but for lack of sufficient review time. 
In other words, fewer projects would be approved, not more. 
make a minor procedure adjustment to the Administrative Procedure Act (APA). 
transform the NEPA review process, and not for the better either. 
the law of the land and has provided a remarkably effective framework for all types of projects (not just construction projects) that require federal approval pursuant to a federal law, such as the Clean Air Act. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
American people desperately need new jobs. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, America’s labor force participation rate remains mired among historic lows. 
could work are outside the workforce. That is more than the population of all but 12 of the world’s countries and more than every other country in the Western Hemisphere, except for Brazil and Mexico. 
because Americans don’t want to work, but because so many Americans have despaired of any hope of finding a new fulltime job and have abandoned the workforce. 
reverse this tragedy, restore the hope, and produce millions of new jobs. We must pass the bill, not weaken it, to provide these new highwage jobs. 
would weaken the bill in one of the worst possible ways. It would remove the clear consequences in the bill for agencies that refuse to follow the bill’s deadlines. That consequence is to deem permits approved if agencies refuse to approve or deny them within those deadlines. 
years for agencies to complete their environmental reviews for new permit 
applications and reasonable and additional time for agencies to wrap up final permit approvals or denials after that; 4
took the United States to fight and win World War II. 
If agencies can’t wrap up their environmental reviews in that much time and then meet the bill’s remaining deadlines, there is something terribly wrong with the agencies. 
The prospect of facing a default approval at the end of the substantial time the bill grants is an eminently reasonable way to assure that agencies will conduct full reviews and wrap their work up in time to make up or down decisions on their own. 
I reserve the balance of my time Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
am so glad my colleague mentioned the question of jobs. 
very glad my colleague mentioned jobs because none of us here are fighting against jobs. 
full employment legislation that my good friend, Congressman JOHN CONYERS , has offered and I have joined. 
We are trying to explain the complexity of the permitting process. Whether it is for drilling, whether it is to deal with construction, whether it is to deal with complex environmental issues that have to be addressed impacting the American people or, for example, whether it is dealing with the Volkswagen company that saw fit to do the technology to undermine viable rules that the American automobile industry was complying with, definitely impacting jobs, I would have hoped that we would have had a process of permitting or a process of determining whether the Volkswagen company was violating these rules that were here to help the issue of pollution and other issues here, but also undermining the jobs of our own American companies. 
amendment, in essence, is to suggest that there is a lot of complexity that my friends on the other side of the aisle with the RAPID Act—the very name of it suggests that we are throwing judgment to the wind. 
All we want to do is to move forward, 
even if they are ill. And we don’t want the taxpayer dollars that have asked these workers in these agencies who have the expertise from the DOE, to the FDA and beyond—Food and Drug Administration, Department of Energy—to protect us. 
amendment, by eliminating the 90 to 120, deeming it approved in the midst 
of a crisis when it is not fit to be approved, is an amendment that this body should pass. 
Jackson Lee amendment because I am here to protect the American people and to do justly, as has been given to us in a wonderful message yesterday by Pope Francis. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, how much 
just give a couple of examples of the timing factor that we are seeing that the agencies just are not executing properly. 
years—12 years—they were waiting for permits to build an operation that would create jobs and renewable energy. 12 years. 
County, California: There was a 12year delay there as well. The project was extended tens of millions of dollars because of the delay there, and jobs were lost because of that. 
dredging project: Again, there was a decade of delays in permitting because agencies are just sitting around, not taking the job responsibly. They never would survive in private industry if they operated under those conditions. 
cost in dollars and cents and the jobs that are lost because of these agencies not performing their responsibilities. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Page 25, line 4, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, unless the project would limit access to or opportunities for hunting or fishing, or impact a species listed as an endangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 420, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Michigan. 
Act, or NEPA as we frequently shorthand it, is one of our bedrock conservation laws, and it has a simple premise: look before you leap. Its timelines are designed to provide transparency and public participation in government. H.R. 348 would move us in the opposite direction. 
the problems with this bill, but it would allow hunters, anglers, and wildlife enthusiasts to continue to enjoy the benefits that NEPA provides. 
in my home State of Michigan was modified to avoid the largest loss of wetlands in our State’s history. Not only will this help improve the biodiversity of the region, but it will also preserve that habitat for migratory waterfowl prized by hunters. This land could have been lost and hunters would have had their access reduced if not for the robust comment process that NEPA provides. 
country. In 2013, changes to the Army Corps of Engineers’ plan to increase storage capacity at the John Redmond Reservoir in Kansas were needed to protect prime deer and turkey hunting areas, as well as avoid the destruction of a local boat ramp providing fishermen access to the lake. 
across the country banded together during the NEPA review process and caused BLM to withdraw a proposal to allow oil and gas drilling along the Rocky Mountain Front in Montana. 
The list goes on and on, but the point 
would have been achieved without a strong NEPA process that encourages public participation instead of limiting it. 
game and sports fishermen are the same as those utilized by endangered fish, wildlife, and plants. Destroying one destroys the other, which is why NEPA must allow for a thorough review of potential impacts to listed species. 
protections will be preserved so hunters, fishermen, and American wildlife will continue to benefit from them. There is absolutely no legitimate reason to limit public oversight of taxpayerfunded projects. 
NEPA shines a light on proposed government actions and helps local citizens provide new information and ideas, improve projects, and ensure sustainable decisionmaking. It helps Federal authorities consider a range of alternatives, often resulting in lower costs to the public, something I am sure everyone here supports. NEPA is a quintessentially American, quintessentially smallgovernment law. It reinforces the rights of people to hold their government accountable. A host of environmental groups have endorsed my amendment, but I am particularly pleased to have the support of Trout Unlimited, because my amendment would help protect the rights of anglers. If you hunt, you fish or have constituents who do, you should support a strong NEPA and vote for my amendment. 
the linchpins of the RAPID Act is its set of provisions that: deem a permit approved if the permitting agency refuses to meet the bill’s reasonable deadlines; and, prohibit a court from overturning a permit approval simply because the permit was deemed approved when deadlines expired before action was taken. 
like these in the bill, how will we ever ensure that recalcitrant, footdragging Federal agencies will achieve the bill’s goal of streamlined permit decisions? 
all consequences for agencies’ foot dragging so long as the projects at issue would either limit access to or opportunities for hunting or fishing or impact an endangered or threatened species. That is in the bill. The amendment’s sponsor offers no sound reason to do this. 
with these kinds of impacts to be approved. It just requires that permitting decisions, up or down, be reached after, at most, 4
1⁄2years of environmental review. Surely that is enough time to review all kinds of projects, including those that limit access to or opportunities for hunting or fishing or impact endangered or threatened species. 
would allow agencies to drag their feet without consequences even if a project had a beneficial impact on an endangered or threatened species. Why should we allow delay for that? 
want to quickly respond to the comments made by my colleague on the other side of the aisle. 
We often hear that NEPA is a scapegoat for projects being delayed, but as the GAO and others have found, outside issues, including the complexity of the project, local opposition and, most importantly, funding issues are almost always the cause of delays. 
infrastructure projects, we wouldn’t be seeing so many delays the majority is 
so concerned with. NEPA is a convenient excuse, but the facts simply don’t support the claim that it is the root cause of projects being delayed. 
public’s ability to comment on government decisions; but, instead, we should be enhancing them. This bill does the opposite. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and oppose the underlying bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, my colleague forgets to mention the fact that the lead Federal agency in this is responsible for maintaining a schedule, just like we do in private industry, just like we do in our own homes. That agency is responsible for going to the States and to the locals and other Federal agencies to make sure things are being done. Unfortunately, here in D.C., and sometimes at the State level, the left hand does not know what the right hand is doing, and this is making agencies responsible for that. It is just common sense. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Page 27, strike line 11 and all that follows 
through page 28, line 4, and redesignate provisions accordingly. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 420, the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
service, I practiced environmental law for 15 years in large firms, in a government office, and in my own firm. Through that experience, I learned firsthand of the frustration that many businesses and local governments face when they try to navigate overly complex and underly responsive permit processes. 
time is money, and often a business seeking a permit is paying dearly to hold a property or to service a loan while it waits for that permit to be 
issued. That is why I have often said that for applicants, ‘‘no’’ is the second best answer. Tell us ‘‘no’’ or tell us how, but don’t string us along. 
the RAPID Act. I don’t think it is the perfect answer. Frankly, I don’t think it will become law. I am working on some other streamlining strategies that I think are superior and might have the bipartisan support that both would get them through this Chamber and the Senate and get them signed into law by President Obama. 
As I told my colleagues on the Committee on the Judiciary, I will vote for the RAPID Act if Congress adopts my amendment and does not pass restrictions on considering the role of greenhouse gasses and climate change on our environment. 
We can and we must provide economic opportunity and clean air and clean water for future generations. That means providing businesses and communities with regulatory certainty to help them plan and invest in the future, and it also means that we use this streamlined process, with tight and reliable deadlines, to analyze the economic, environmental, and social costs of carbon dioxide emissions. 
Mayor Mike Bloomberg’s bipartisan Risky Business report, accounting for the social cost of carbon and preparing for climate change is just smart business practice. The costs of carbon include financial losses from sea level rise. If we continue on our current path of carbon emissions, by 2050, between 66 and 106 billion dollars worth of existing coastal property will likely be below sea level nationwide. Eightyseven percent of all Californians live in coastal counties, and 80 percent of the State’s GDP is derived from those counties. 
Greenhouse gasdriven changes in temperature, catalyzed by burning fossil fuels, would require us to build new power generation facilities to help cool homes and businesses that Risky Business estimates will cost residential and commercial ratepayers as much as $12 billion a year. 
by families to put their kids through school or buy a home, or by businesses to hire more employees. 
defense. In 2014, the Pentagon issued a report on the security risks associated with profound changes to global climate and the environment. The report found that climate change poses an immediate threat to national security. That will put additional upward pressure on our alreadystressed defense 
supply, fire preparedness. In California, the largest agriculture producing State in the country, we are in the fourth year of what has been one of the worst droughts in recorded history. Communities across the State are facing water shortages. Dry conditions have extended our fire season to be nearly a yearround concern. 
Given the stakes associated with carbon emissions on coastal property, energy, defense, our food supply, fires, and our quality of life, shouldn’t we at least understand the longterm costs associated with the project? 
amendment seeks to strike the bill’s prohibition against agency use in permitting reviews of the Obama administration’s pronouncements on the social costs of carbon, but this prohibition was adopted last term for a very good reason. 
carbon estimate is junk science. To be specific, multiple commentators on the administration’s findings about the social cost of carbon argue that carbon’s social cost is an unknown quantity, that social cost of carbon analysts can get just about any result they desire by fiddling with nonvalidated climate parameters, madeup damage functions, and belowmarket discount rates, and that social cost of carbon analysis is computeraided sophistry, its political function being to make renewable energy look like a bargain at any price and fossil energy look unaffordable, no matter how cheap. 
place standing between hardworking Americans and new, highpaying jobs. 
two responses. One, this is not President Obama’s agenda. This is the agenda of a bipartisan report, Risky Business, the Department of Defense, and a number of other people who have recognized this is a real problem we have to confront. 
Second, I would say to the gentleman: Let the science work itself out through the process. There is plenty of science that is questioned in the NEPA process. There is no other point at which this body has prevented a discussion of any content except here. 
Let the process work it out. I will be 
with you on your timelines. We will get businesses the certainty that they deserve. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
thank my colleague from Pennsylvania and fellow member of the Judiciary Committee for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment. The social cost of carbon is a flawed concept that should play no role in the environmental decisionmaking process. 
and has no basis in reality. Formulas can easily be manipulated to support any costly regulation. 
The social cost of carbon is a political tool the Obama administration uses to impose its extreme agenda on the American people. 
It is also another way that the administration tries to use secret science and data to justify questionable rulemaking. Speculating on the social cost of carbon should be restricted, not expanded. 
not use the social cost of carbon in its environmental review or in its environmental decisionmaking process. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–261. 
The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 28, line 1, insert after ‘‘substantially 
related document,’’ the following: ‘‘the draft guidance entitled: ‘Revised Draft Guidance for Federal Departments and Agencies on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and the Effects of Climate change in NEPA Reviews’ (79 Fed. Reg. 77801), or any successor thereto or substantially related document,’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 420, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and a Member opposed 
today to offer a commonsense amendment that will protect American jobs and our economy by prohibiting Federal agencies from being forced to follow jobkilling and unlawful draft guidance that sneakily seeks to implement Federal policies that pave the way for capandtradelike mandates. 
have repeatedly rejected capandtrade proposals pushed by this President and his Big Government allies. 
carbon dioxide tax plan, President Obama has chosen to circumvent Congress and is now seeking to address climate change by playing loose and getting creative with the Clean Air Act as well as through an unlawful guidance issued in December 2014. 
Federal agencies from utilizing the social cost of carbon valuation. Furthermore, the social cost of carbon valuation was rejected four times by this very body last Congress. 
adds to the Obama administration’s revised draft guidance for greenhouse gas emissions and the effects of climate change that were issued by the White House in December 2014 to the definition for social cost of carbon in the bill. 
common sense, as this deeply flawed guidance instructs agencies to include a controversial measurement of the social cost of carbon into their analyses and is the Obama administration’s latest tool for attempting to implement this terrible new model that has consistently been rejected by the House. 
Roger Martella, a selfdescribed lifelong environmentalist and career environmental lawyer, testified at the May 2015 House Natural Resources Committee hearing on the revised guidance and the flaws associated with the social cost of carbon model, stating: 
The ‘‘‘social cost of carbon’ estimates suffer from a number of significant flaws that should exclude them from the NEPA process. 
emissions can be manipulated by changing key parameters such as timeframes, discount rates, and other values that have no relation to a given project undergoing review. As a result, applying social cost of carbon estimates can be used to promote predetermined policy preferences rather than provide for a fair and objective 
agencies developed the draft Social Cost of Carbon estimates without any known peer review or opportunity for public comment during the development process. This process is antithetical to NEPA’s central premise that informed agency decision making must be based on transparency and open dialogue with the public. 
Carbon estimates are based primarily on global rather than domestic costs and benefits. This is particularly problematic for NEPA reviews because the Courts have established that agencies cannot consider transnational impacts in NEPA reviews. 
uncertainty in many of the assumptions and data elements used to create the draft Social Cost of Carbon estimates, such as the damage functions and modeled time horizons. In light of the lack of transparency in the OMB’s process, these concerns over accuracy are particularly problematic.’’ 
on. Congress, not Washington bureaucrats at the behest of the President, should dictate our country’s climate change policy. 
seeking to be implemented by the White House did not go through the normal regulatory process, and there was no public comment. 
Furthermore, the Obama administration has refused to answer pivotal questions about this guidance and even failed to send a witness to a May 2015 hearing on this matter. 
While the Obama administration acknowledged the draft guidance is not legally enforceable, you best believe that Federal agencies that received the 31page revised guidance will treat this document like it was signed into law by the President. 
just doesn’t get it and continues to try to circumvent Congress to impose an extremist agenda that is not based on the best available science. 
Worse yet, the model utilized to predict the social cost of carbon can easily be manipulated to arrive at any desired outcome. 
cost of carbon numerous times. I ask all those to join me once again in rejecting this flawed proposal and protecting jobs right here in America. 
committee for their efforts on this legislation and for recognizing that the NEPA process is in desperate need of reform. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
The Council on Environmental Quality recently issued draft guidance under NEPA detailing how Federal agencies should consider the effects of greenhouse gas emissions. 
This NEPA guidance is a commonsense and perfectly legal step toward reducing the Federal Government’s contribution and vulnerability to global warming. It is smart planning that accounts for risk and will save taxpayers money, something I am sure that everyone here can support. 
increase NEPA’s effectiveness as a tool for environmental justice, helping communities that cannot afford expensive lobbyists to protect their homes and values. Climate change is hitting lowincome communities and communities of color the hardest. 
should congratulate President Obama and CEQ on issuing this incredibly important and long overdue draft guidance to Federal agencies and urge them to issue a final version as soon as possible. 
And, for the record, my understanding is CEQ did have a witness at the hearing that was just referred to. 
This guidance makes clear that Federal agencies must factor greenhouse gas emissions and climate change into their decisions and will produce better, more informed and more efficient outcomes. 
people we have nothing to do with climate change—or, as Pope Francis said in words the American people understood yesterday: air pollution—will not slow the pace of actual climate change, and it will harm our economy, public health, and national security. That is why this is a bad amendment. 
We urge you to vote against it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. I yield myself the balance of my time. 
The Earth’s climate has been changing since the beginning of time, and that is something that we can all agree on. 
that there was a massive extinction some 252 million years ago that coincided with a massive buildup of carbon dioxide. While the cause of the massive buildup is unknown, it is safe to say that man did not exist and he still can’t explain it. 
You can take all the carbonproducing applications, whether it be oil, coal, or volcanic action, and they still can’t get the models to predict. So we are leading the blind with the blind. 
I ask for all Members to vote for this 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. I yield myself the 
an excerpt from Pope Francis’ address to us yesterday that really stood out to me: ‘‘I call for a courageous and responsible effort to redirect our steps, and to avert the most serious effects of the environmental deterioration caused by human activity. I am convinced that we can make a difference, and I have no doubt that the United States—and this Congress—have an important role to play.’’ 
I take that call by our Pope very seriously. There are even reports today that China is going to announce a cap andtrade program. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I support the 
It is even worse for them to draw out the 
And that is precisely what the Obama administration’s pronouncements on the ‘‘social sost of carbon’’ appear to be. 
cost of carbon’’ estimate is plagued by defects including the lack of full scientific peer review, robust public comment, and full compliance with federal requirements for influential scientific assessments. 
the administration’s ‘‘technical update of the social cost of carbon for regulatory impact analysis under Executive Order No. 12866,’’ as well as successors to it. 
clear that agencies also may not rely on administration ‘‘guidance’’ documents intended to facilitate agencies’ use of the prohibited technical document. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Page 31, line 17, insert after ‘‘141).’’ the following: 
This subchapter does not apply in the case of any project that could be a potential target for a terrorist attack or that involves chemical facilities and other critical infrastructure.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 420, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member 
although we have been debating for a long period of time, let me say to my colleagues to remind them—and I see my good friend, Chairman GOODLATTE , 
on the floor—that this legislation amends the National Environmental Policy Act with good intentions. 
However, what this bill will do is actually strip out critical input from Federal, State, local agencies, and the public, jeopardizing both the environment and public safety—let me repeat that—jeopardizing the American people, environment, and public safety. 
environmental review, permitting, and licensing decisions and simply, as I said earlier, throws wisdom and good judgment to the wind. 
Homeland Security Committee. And so I rise today with my amendment that improves the bill and helps to protect the homeland by carving a limiting exception for construction projects that could be potential targets for terrorist acts, such as chemical facilities, nuclear power plants, and other critical infrastructure. 
Congressional Budget Office. They have no basis for estimating the number of construction projects that could be expedited or the savings that would be realized in this bill. 
that as their main Rock of Gibraltar, if you will, their main point of argument that this is a good bill. A good bill in the face of terrorism? 
has determined that there are ongoing investigations of suspected terrorist cells operating in all 50 States. Yet, we want to expedite this process when it is determining issues dealing with our national security to a certain extent. 
This issue deals with the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, which the Circuit Court of Appeals of the Ninth Circuit said shall account for the potential environmental impacts of acts of terrorism in its environmental review process. 
antiterrorism requirements on its licenses through 10 CFR section 73, which outlines security requirements for the physical protection of nuclear plants and materials. 
nuclear power plants and, as well, chemical facilities to not rush the process to protect the American people. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
rise in opposition to the amendment. This amendment denies the benefit of the bill’s permit streamlining provisions to any and all projects that could be terrorist targets or involve chemical facilities or other critical infrastructure. That includes projects that would help to protect those infrastructures and facilities from terrorist attacks or other adversities. 
Why would we want to delay permitting decisions on projects that would help to protect us? 
their environmental reviews for new permit applications and reasonable additional time for agencies to wrap up final permit approvals or denials after that. 
can’t wrap up their environmental reviews in that much time and then meet the bill’s remaining deadlines, there is something terribly wrong with those agencies. 
they be infrastructure projects that make a dam stronger or make a highway safer or make a nuclear facility less vulnerable to attack, are all important things to do, and we should do them with expedition, not take longer rather than shorter to get them done, because all the time that we are spinning our wheels with the permitting process that can take 20 years or more, we are more vulnerable during that time. 
projects are better than what they are replacing, and that should be our guiding principle. Get these things done expeditiously. It will make us safer. It will make us a better economy. It will create more jobs. 
my good friend from Virginia, what this amendment does is protects the process of the NRC to fully review the potential impacts of terrorism on Federal construction projects involving nuclear facilities and chemical facilities as well. 
names Chernobyl, Fukushima, and Three Mile Island, we understand the vast and devastating impact of such an incident that may be caused or driven by terrorism. 
which has been given court authority by law to investigate and provide an 
investigation, thorough investigation, on the impact on chemical and nuclear plants, and we have it restricted. It takes more than 4 years to build a nuclear facility. 
So are you suggesting that the facility, then, can go on and be built for 10, 20 years, and we shut off the NEPA that has the responsibilities for the American people? I don’t think that is appropriate. 
the American people from the Alaska Wilderness League, the Natural Resources Defense Council, and the Western Environmental Law Center are against this bill. 
of the President, Council on Environmental Quality is opposed to this bill, and I will insert this into the RECORD . 
course, the President has issued a veto threat. Where this bill is going, I do not know. But the main thing I would like to say to my colleagues is: Can’t we stand together united around the question of national security? 
that this issue of terrorism should be a simple carveout, and I would ask you to do so. 
If politics must truly be at the service of 
the human person, it follows that it cannot be a slave to the economy and finance. Politics is, instead, an expression of our compelling need to live as one in order to build, as one, the greatest common good: that of a community which sacrifices particular interests in order to share, in justice and peace, its goods, its interests, and its social life. 
is to accept the Jackson Lee amendment—to carve out an exception in this bill that is opposed by the President and all other aspects of goodwill people here dealing with the environment—to deal with this issue. 
of the Volkswagen scandal. If a more robust process had been in mind, 11 million owners of Volkswagens—and 400,000 in the United States—might be in a better place. 
with the safety and security of the American people. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
amendment at the desk; it is listed in the Rule as Jackson Lee 9. 
Many of us wear a number of hats with dual 
committee assignments; I am a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee and the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations. 
have given me a special appreciation for the difficult and challenging times we live in and the importance of not taking precipitous actions that could put the security of our homeland at risk. 
Act, were to become law in its present form, a permit or license for project would be 
‘‘deemed’’ approved if the reviewing agency does not issue the requested permit or license within 90–120 days. 
bill and helps to protect the homeland by carving a limited exception for construction projects that could be potential targets for terrorist attacks such as chemical facilities, nuclear power plants, and other critical infrastructure. 
In particular, I think it is important to note 
that the FBI Director Comey recently indicated that there are ongoing investigations of suspected terrorist cells operating in all of the 50 states. 
All federal agencies are subject to the environmental decision making requirements under NEPA. 
Commission, which the Circuit of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has held ‘‘shall account for the potential environmental impacts of acts of terrorism in its environmental review process.’’ 
terrorism requirements on its licenses pursuant to 10 C.F.R. Section 73, which outlines security requirements for the physical protection of nuclear plants and materials. 
Mr. Chair, we should not limit the ability of 
the NRC to fully review the potential impacts of terrorism on Federal construction projects involving nuclear facilities and chemical facilities, as would be the case were H.R. 348 to become law. 
deem construction projects approved even where the NRC needs more time to complete its review of the environmental risk and/or the potential vulnerability of a critical infrastructure facility to terrorist attack. 
rushed and dangerous approach to the NEPA approval process embodied in H.R. 348 does not adversely impact the security of the homeland from the risk of terrorist attacks on nuclear facilities or other critical infrastructure construction projects. 
In short, the Jackson Lee Amendment provided added protection to keep Americans safe. 
millions of members and activists, we are writing to urge you to oppose H.R. 348, the misleadingly named ‘‘Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015.’’ Instead of improving the permitting process, the bill will severely undermine the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) and, consequently, the quality and integrity of federal agency decisions. 
plays a critical role in ensuring that projects are carried out in a transparent, collaborative, and responsible manner. NEPA simply requires federal agencies to assess the environmental, economic, and public health impacts of proposals, solicit the input of all affected stakeholders, and disclose their findings publicly before undertaking projects that may significantly affect the environment. Critically, NEPA recognizes that the public—which includes industry, citizens, local and state governments, and business owners—can make important contributions by providing unique expertise. NEPA also 
underrepresented, especially to the most vulnerable communities who usually have to bear the most burden of where federal projects are proposed in the first place. However, H.R. 348 strikes at these core purposes of NEPA by systematically prioritizing speed of decisions and project approval over the public interest. 
Studies on the causes of delay in the permitting process reveal that the primary cause of delay is not the NEPA process. Rather, as multiple studies by the Government Accountability Office and the Congressional Research Service have pointed out, the principal causes of delay in permitting rest outside the NEPA process entirely and are attributable to other factors such as lack of funding, project complexity, and local opposition to the project. The RAPID Act ignores the true causes of delay, and instead, focuses on institutionalizing dangerous ‘‘reforms’’ that restrict public input, limit review of the environmental and economic impacts of projects, and that create more, not less, bureaucracy. Provisions in the RAPID Act, such as the following, will create more delays in permitting, result in less flexibility in the process, and tilt the entire permitting process towards shareholder interest, not the public interest. For example, the bill: 
forces stakeholders into court preemptively simply to preserve their right to judicial review. The bill also limits the public’s judicial access to challenge and address faulty environmental reviews which in turn is likely to increase the controversy and the amount of litigation derived from the permitting process which in turn could add to project delays. 
the RAPID Act will only serve to increase delay and confusion around the environmental review process. We believe compromising the quality of environmental review and limiting the role of the public is the wrong approach. 
Far from being broken, the National Environmental Policy Act has proven its worth as an invaluable tool. It ensures that the public, developers, and agencies have a reliable template for consistent and fair proposal assessment for major projects that may impact federal resources. The RAPID Act contradicts and jeopardizes decades of experience gained from enacting this critical environmental law. Further, it tips the balance away from informed decisions and public oversight, jeopardizing the public’s ability to participate in how public resources will be managed. Please oppose this unnecessary and overreaching piece of legislation and vote ‘‘no’’ on the RAPID Act. 
Rivers, Center for Biological Diversity, Citizens for Global Solution, Clean Air Task Force, Clean Air Council, Clean Water Action, Conservation Colorado, Conservatives for Responsible Stewardship, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, EDF Action, Environmental Law and Policy Center, Epic— Environmental Protection Information Center, Energy Action Coalition, Friends of the Earth, Gulf Coast Center for Law & Policy, Green Latinos, Kentucky Heartwood, Klamath Forest Alliance, Klamath Siskiyou Wildlands Center, League of Conservation Voters, Los Padres ForestWatch, Marine Conservation Institute, Montana Environmental Information Center, National Parks Conservation Association, Natural Resources Defense Council, New Energy Economy, New Jersey Sierra Club, Oceana, Ocean Conservation Research, Public Citizen, Rachel Carson Council, Safe Climate Campaign, Sierra Club, Southern Environmental Law Center, Southern Oregon Climate Action Now, SustainUS, Union of Concerned Scientists, Western Environmental Law Center, The Wilderness Society. 
Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary. Hon. JOHNCONYERS , JR., 
MEMBER CONYERS : I am writing to you to 
provide the Council on Environmental Quality’s (CEQ) views on H.R. 348, the ‘‘Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015.’’ Although the bill purports to streamline environmental reviews, we believe the legislation is deeply flawed and will undermine the environmental review process. If enacted, these changes could lead to more confusion and delay, interfere with public participation and transparency, and hamper economic growth. 
(NEPA) was signed into law by President Richard Nixon after passing Congress with overwhelming bipartisan support. NEPA ushered in a new era of citizen participation in government, and it required the government to elevate the consideration of the environmental effects of its proposed actions. It remains one of the cornerstones of our Nation’s modern environmental protections. 
it was in 1970. NEPA focuses and informs decision makers, policy makers, and the public on alternatives and the tradeoffs involved in making decisions. Today, we take for granted that governmental decision making should be open and transparent, that government actions should be carefully thought out and their consequences explained, and that government should be accountable. Prior to 
the enactment of NEPA, this was not always the case. H.R. 348 would undo more than four decades of transparent, open, and accountable government decision making. 
The Administration believes that America’s economic health and prosperity are tied to the productive and sustainable use of our environment, and the President has stressed these principles since his first day in office. NEPA remains a vital tool for the Nation as we work to protect our environment and public health and continue to grow our economy. 
need for efficient permitting and decision making by Federal agencies. American taxpayers, communities and businesses deserve nothing less. However, we reject the notion that NEPA and other Federal environmental 
For example, the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) has found that 96.5 percent of federally funded highway projects are approved under the least intensive, shortest and quickest layer of NEPA analysis, namely categorical exclusions (CEs). CEs can take as little as a few days to a few months to complete, not years, and are usually done concurrently with other aspects of the project review process so that the entire review process is completed quickly. Only 0.3 percent of FHWA projects require a full environmental impact statement (EIS), the most detailed study under NEPA. When there are project delays, they are typically caused by incomplete funding packages, project complexity, changes in project scope, local opposition, and low local priority, or compliance with other laws and requirements facilitated by the NEPA process, but rarely NEPA itself. An investigation by the Congressional Research Service (CRS) of the NEPA process in federally funded highway projects bore this same point out. 
prioritized improving the environmental review process and continue to make advancements in this space that will improve interagency coordination and synchronization of reviews to increase decisionmaking speed; improve project siting and project quality; expand innovative mitigation approaches; and drive accountability and transparency through the expanded use of an online permitting dashboard. For example, under Executive Order 13604, the interagency infrastructure permitting steering committee established the permitting dashboard, which makes project schedules transparent to the public and is designed to improve the timeliness and environmental outcomes of the permitting process. This was followed by a Presidential Memorandum to Federal Agencies on May 17, 2013 to modernize Federal infrastructure review, permitting regulations, policies and procedures to significantly reduce the time it takes to permit infrastructure projects. In addition, CEQ has taken several steps to improve and make more efficient Federal agency decision making. 
updated ‘‘howto’’ handbook (also known as the Red Book), Synchronizing Environmental Reviews for Transportation and other Infrastructure Projects, to improve and modernize NEPA and other types of reviews, such as those required under the Endangered Species Act (ESA), the National Historic Preservation Act (NHPA), the Clean Water Act (CWA), the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (MSA), and the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA), by providing information to facilitate more widespread adoption of concurrent reviews. More synchronized reviews by Federal permitting agencies will lead to more effective and efficient environmental reviews and projects with reduced impacts to 
in March 2011 to solicit ideas from Federal agencies and the public about innovative time and costsaving approaches to NEPA implementation. Under this process, CEQ is working to identify additional innovative approaches that reduce the time and costs required for effective implementation of its NEPA regulations. 
H.R. 348 would make a number of considerable changes to Federal agency regulatory review, permitting, and environmental analysis that undercut the core principles embodied in NEPA, including reasoned decisionmaking and public involvement. The legislation seeks to implement these changes to Federal agency decision making under the Administrative Procedure Act (APA). The passage of this legislation will lead to two sets of standards by which Federal agencies would be expected to comply, one for ‘‘construction projects’’ under the APA and one for all other Federal actions, such as rulemaking or planning, under NEPA. This would lead to confusion, delay, and inefficiency. 
agencies, upon the request of a project sponsor, to adopt State documents if the State laws and procedures provide environmental protection and opportunities for public involvement ‘‘that are substantially equivalent to NEPA.’’ In our view, it is difficult to determine whether a State statute is substantially equivalent to NEPA and the legislation contains no requirement for agencies to determine if the State documents are adequate for NEPA purposes. More importantly, the State document may have looked at a different purpose and need for the project, a different set of alternatives than the Federal agency would have looked at, and relied on different standards for analysis. The State, for example, may not have looked at the same factors that Federal agencies are required to consider, such as environmental justice and wetlands protection. Finally, no two State processes are alike, compounding confusion for projects that cross State lines. Thus, a Federal agency’s reliance on State documents may lead to inconsistencies between Federal projects and agencies, different environmental goals and protections, confusion among the public, and unclear results for businesses and project applicants. 
deadlines for the completion of NEPA analyses. Factors such as feasibility and engineering studies, nonFederal funding, conflicting priorities, local opposition, or applicant responsiveness are just a few examples of delays outside of the control of an agency. Arbitrary deadlines and provisions that automatically approve a project if the agency is unable to make a decision due to one of the factors described above will lead to increased litigation, more delays, and denied projects as agencies will have no choice but to deny a project if the review and analysis cannot be completed before the proposed deadlines. 
many concerns we have with the legislation. The Administration would be happy to provide the Committee with a more thorough and exhaustive list of our substantive concerns with the legislation at the request of the Committee. 
NEPA improves collaboration, consensus, accountability, and transparency surrounding government decisionmaking and actions. Our Nation’s longterm prosperity depends upon our faithful stewardship of the air we breathe, the water we drink, and the land that supports and sustains us. Our country has been strengthened by the open, accountable, informed, and citizeninvolved decision making structure created by NEPA, and our economy has prospered. 
yield myself the balance of my time to say to my colleague from Texas that this bill is about national security. 
agree on the importance of national security and protecting our security, but making sure that when projects are planned they are implemented within a reasonable period of time. And we are talking about years—not days or weeks or even months—years for a permitting, years for examination to make sure that these are done carefully, but not decades, as happens now with a number of different projects that have been discussed over the last 2 days that, in their current state, without the kinds of repairs, without the kinds of increased improvements, without the kinds of additional safety and security protections that new projects bring online, we are more vulnerable, not less. I fear that the gentlewoman from Texas’ amendment would do just that. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas. 
amendment because it is a simple carveout. It should be narrow. It clarifies that the bill’s provision does not apply to environmental reviews or permitting on other agencies’ decisions that could deal with potential terrorist attack targets, such as chemical facilities and other critical infrastructure. I don’t think that that is something that the gentleman and myself would disagree with and, particularly, the nuclear plants, which take a longer period of time. 
time, I would say to the gentlewoman that the bill allows lots of time for each stage of the permitting process to cover and discover ways to make a project more secure, to make it safer, to improve it in a variety of different ways; and that the gentlewoman’s amendment would harm the ability to do that, not help, because it would slow down the process under which we would have these new projects able to begin construction and then be completed. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–261. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall have the effect of changing or limiting any law or regulation that requires or provides for public comment or public participation in an agency decision making process. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 420, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) and a Member opposed 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, the purpose of this amendment is simple. It protects the right of the public to comment. 
this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall have the effect of changing or limiting any law or regulation that requires or provides for public comment or public participation in an agency decision making process.’’ 
Pope, right here in this very room, called on each of us to pursue a common good, which he told us requires a courageous and responsible effort. And certainly, if we are going to protect the common good, it requires that we protect the right of the public to comment on projects that have an adverse impact on our precious environment, right there where they live. 
right of any member of the public to comment on construction projects that may have an environmental impact; and because of that, I don’t expect any opposition to this amendment, Mr. Chairman. 
Like a number of wellrespected environmental groups, I oppose H.R. 348, the socalled RAPID Act, which threatens public health and safety by putting a thumb on the scales of justice in favor of private sector businesses in the project approval process. 
measure whose only design is to grease the wheels of the approval process of projects that are environmentally sensitive. 
costly requirements that pertain to certain types of projects, the RAPID Act would also limit the right of the public to comment on these projects. 
by reducing opportunities for public input, and secondly, by fasttracking 
process, NEPA empowers the public to weigh in on decisions. That means that the local farmer who owns land that would be affected by a Federal construction project—let’s say a nasty pipeline like Keystone—it ensures that that local farmer would have the ability and would stand on local footing with the construction industry and with the Federal Government. 
that the RAPID Act does not shut the public out of the process. I am sure that all minds agree that that is reasonable. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the gentleman from Georgia in promoting the common good, as mentioned by Pope Francis when he spoke in this Chamber yesterday. But the common good is people coming together to improve their lives by creating improved infrastructure for transportation, whether that is highways or mass transit, for delivering energy resources to places where that energy needs to be delivered, to improving the shipping lanes so that goods can be shipped to and from this country and within this country in ways that make it easier for consumers to receive the energy, the products, the transportation that they need and deserve. 
ensuring that the Federal environmental review and permitting process works like it should. It will also make sure that these infrastructure projects that deliver the common good will do so in a reasonable period of time, so people won’t have to wait 20 years, like we heard yesterday from the gentleman from Texas, about simply lowering the draft, the 8 feet lower, for ships to get up the waterway in east Texas to deliver goods and pick up goods from ports in that part of the country. Why 20 years to make a decision about dredging 8 feet from a waterway? 
agencies operate efficiently and transparently. That is not happening in so many, many instances. But, it does not prevent citizens from participating in that process. In fact, the bill makes sure that agencies provide the public with reasonable public comment periods. It authorizes up to 60 days of public comment on Environmental Impact Statements, up to 30 days of comments on environmental assessments and other documents, and grants the lead agency authority to negotiate extensions or provide them on its own ‘‘for good cause.’’ 
This is more than fair. By comparison, the National Environmental Policy Act, which has been cited many times on the other side of the aisle, only requires agencies to allow 45 days for public comment—not the 60 days provided in the RAPID Act—on draft environmental impact statements and 30 days for public comments on final environmental impact statements. 
The RAPID Act also reasonably requires that a person comment on an environmental document before challenging it in court and bring any suit within 6 months as opposed to 6 years. Opponents should not be able to delay a project indefinitely by playing ‘‘hide the ball’’ with agencies or by resting on their rights. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
narrowed circumstances in which an agency may supplement an environmental impact statement under the bill, the lead agency ‘‘may’’ solicit comments from agencies and the public for not more than 30 days beginning on the date of the publication of the supplement. 
provide for a 45day public review and comment period, although there is also a provision in the CEQ regulations that allows CEQ to approve alternative procedures for supplemental EISs if circumstances warrant a deviation from the normal process. 
Secondly, under the bill, each participating agency is to limit its comments on a project to areas within the authority and expertise of the agency and identify statutory authority for their comments. 
agency from acting upon, responding to or including any document that is ‘‘outside of the authority and expertise of the commenting participating agency.’’ 
regulations, which allow all agencies— whether local, tribal, State, or Federal—to comment on any substantive issue relative to the NEPA analysis, just as all members of the public should be able to do. 
that, if we are talking about efficiency and if we are talking about the common good, it does the public no good to cut out public comment from this process. If we can agree on that, then we can agree that this amendment is a good one. With that, I ask for its approval. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation. 
rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–261 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 170, noes 228, not voting 36, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan 
Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barletta Barton Bass Becerra Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Brady (TX) Buchanan Buck Carter (TX) Cicilline Deutch Heck (NV) 
Higgins Jenkins (WV) Jones Kildee LaMalfa Lewis Long Lujan Grisham 
Polis Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scott, David Speier Thompson (CA) Torres Tsongas Williams 
STEWART, and TURNER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 320, noes 88, not voting 26, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Allen Amash Babin Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Gibbs Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Harris 
Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Knight Labrador Lamborn Loudermilk Love Lummis Massie McCaul McClintock Meadows Mica Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Olson Palazzo Perry Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Salmon Sanford Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thornberry Tipton Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Westmoreland Womack Woodall Yoho Zinke 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Deutch Heck (NV) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam 
Jones Kildee LaMalfa Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) 
Price, Tom RoybalAllard Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tsongas Williams 
COLE, GUTHRIE, and DOLD changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained and was not present for one roll call vote on Friday, September 25, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted in this manner: 
508 and 509 I was detained and missed the votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on both. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 179, noes 230, not voting 25, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zinke 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Amodei Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Deutch Heck (NV) Jenkins (WV) Jones 
Kildee Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) Pelosi Price, Tom 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 173, noes 237, not voting 24, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore 
Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador 
LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Deutch Heck (NV) Jenkins (WV) 
Jones Kildee Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) 
Pelosi Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tsongas Williams 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 187, noes 223, not voting 24, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Deutch Heck (NV) Jenkins (WV) 
Murphy (FL) Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tsongas Williams 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 179, noes 229, not voting 26, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Deutch Fattah Heck (NV) Huffman 
Jenkins (WV) Jones Kildee Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) 
Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tiberi Tsongas Williams 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 223, noes 186, not voting 25, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Black Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay 
Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy 
Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis 
RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Brat Buchanan Buck Deutch Heck (NV) Jenkins (WV) 
Jones Kildee Larson (CT) Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) 
Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tsongas Williams 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mr. BRAT. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 514 I 
was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 176, noes 232, not voting 26, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Deutch Fortenberry Heck (NV) Jenkins (WV) 
Jones Kildee Kind Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) 
Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Scott, David Speier Tsongas Williams 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 176, noes 232, not voting 26, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Bass Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Clay Deutch Heck (NV) 
Jenkins (WV) Jones Kildee Kind Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar 
Murphy (FL) Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Tsongas Williams 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DENHAM ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environmental documents for permitting determinations, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 420, he reported the bill back to the House 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
H.R. 348 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
or air quality of local communities that are located near the project; 
JOBS FOR UNEMPLOYED WORKERS .—Any environmental document approved pursuant to this act shall assess whether a construction project— 
workers, including veterans, who are actively seeking work and for whom unemployment taxes were paid during prior employment.’’. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Hampshire? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from New Hampshire is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
need to ensure that construction projects are completed in a timely and effective manner without the need for unnecessary review or red tape. 
permitting system is perfect. But the bill before us today is yet another misguided Republican attempt to undermine critical environmental protections that we all rely on. 
This legislation will splinter and unnecessarily accelerate the permitting process in a way that impairs the ability of agencies to effectively evaluate the impacts of a given project. 
the ability of our constituents to understand the impacts of proposed projects and effectively limit their voice in the permitting process. 
This is particularly true for lowincome and minority communities that too often are faced with a disproportionate share of pollution and environmental contaminants. 
we are intimately familiar with the need for strong public input in permitting processes. 
different energy infrastructure projects, I have been working aggressively to ensure that the views of my constituents are heard. 
process under this legislation will make it more difficult for effective environmental review to move forward in New Hampshire. 
That is why I am offering my amendment today to help provide some additional protections to safeguard human health, the environment, and property rights. 
exempt from the requirements in the bill any project that would negatively affect the drinking water supply or air quality of nearby communities. 
projects covered under the legislation cannot violate the sovereignty of Native American tribes. 
These provisions would at least ensure that we are limiting the most dangerous consequences of this legislation. 
Additionally, the amendment requires that any environmental documents produced pursuant to the legislation include information about whether a project will use equipment and materials manufactured in the United States and whether it will create jobs for U.S. workers, including our veterans. 
both sides of the aisle, I have been intently focused on what we can do to grow and expand U.S. manufacturing jobs and create goodpaying middle class jobs right here in America and, in particular, as a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, how we can serve our veterans. The reporting requirement in this 
amendment will help generate greater awareness for how we utilize American made machinery and products in our construction processes. 
make sure that this bill does not harm the health of our constituents and to take an important step toward job creation and hiring of veterans. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I rise in opposition to the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
President Obama’s illconceived stimulus bill failed, he blamed its failure on the lack of shovelready construction projects. President Obama was even quoted in the press to have joked about it. ‘‘Shovelready was not as shovel ready as we expected,’’ he said. 
for jobs didn’t think that was funny. They still don’t. They are watching us right now, wanting to know if we can deliver meaningful reform that will create jobs. Let’s send a message to them today that we can and we will. 
Council’s recommendation that we streamline the Federal permitting process has been staring the President in the face. 
stood in this House and promised action to ‘‘slash bureaucracy and streamline the permitting process . . . so we can get more construction workers on the job as fast as possible.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the RAPID Act is precisely the legislation to do that. It is exactly what our private and public sector leaders have called for. It is what millions of American workers yearning for new work and higher wages need. 
on the other side of the aisle support this motion to recommit in an attempt to stop this legislation. They can’t yet bring themselves to say, ‘‘Yes, we can’’ to the cutting of bureaucratic red tape and obstruction. 
exact mirror image of everything that is wrong with the Federal permitting process and keeps jobs from the American people. 
It is nothing but a fabricated argument, a procedural device, a tried and true tactic of delay—an excuse for Members of Congress to duck a vote and not make a needed decision that will bring millions of good, highpaying jobs to the people of this country. 
be approved, only that an agency timely decide whether or not to approve it. 
are stunned by the dramatic and courageous decision of the Speaker of the 
his conservative leadership of the Republican Conference for 9 years, his distinguished service as Speaker of the House for nearly 5 years, and for his long service to the people of this great country. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 175, noes 229, not voting 30, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Buchanan Buck Chu, Judy Deutch Heck (NV) Huelskamp Hultgren 
Jenkins (WV) Jones Kildee Kind Larsen (WA) Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar 
Murphy (FL) Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Speier Stivers Tsongas Wagner Williams b1200 
Stated against: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 516 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 233, noes 170, not voting 31, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton 
Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kirkpatrick 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Amodei Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Brat Buchanan Buck Cole Deutch Griffith Heck (NV) Himes 
Jenkins (WV) Jones Kildee Kind Lewis Long Marchant McCollum Moolenaar Murphy (FL) Price, Tom 
Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Shuster Speier Tipton Tsongas Wagner Williams 
House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER , I write to request to 
resign my committee assignment on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Due to my appointment on the House Committee on Rules, and my assignment on the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on Natural Resources, I am unable to effectively serve on four committees. I am grateful for my time on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and look forward to continue to work with the committee during the 114th Congress. 
Should you have any other questions please contact Carrie Meadows on my staff. 
of the House Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named Member be, and is hereby, elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY : Mr. LaHood. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, September 28, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize September as National Suicide Prevention Month. This month is especially important to think about what needs to be done to help our at risk veterans. 
From 1990 to 2010, a veteran committed suicide almost every hour of every day. This is completely unacceptable and signifies a clear need for action to prevent suicide and to treat those who are suffering. 
sacrificed tremendously for our Nation. But the disturbing reality is that far too many of our veterans who fought for our freedom are not free when they return. They are trapped in their own minds. 
any longer. Mr. Speaker, it is past time we stand by our veterans and everyone else who is suffering. It is incumbent upon all of us to reach out to those who may need help and erase the stigma surrounding mental illness. 
the very real, invisible wounds of war, we can better serve our returning heroes. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise to recognize Bill Lockyer of Hayward, California, who, tomorrow, will have part of the San Francisco Bay Trail named for him. 
his political career in the East Bay, is a dedicated public official who spent many years working for the people of California. This includes service in the State legislature as State attorney general and as State treasurer. 
work to protect our environment, a highlight of which is championing the San Francisco Bay Trail. He came up with the idea for the trail, introduced the legislation, and got support from both Republicans and Democrats. 
became law and, thanks to his efforts, we have 340 miles of trail around the bay. It provides opportunities for recreation, education, and transportation for area residents every day. 
surround and connect people around the San Francisco Bay area. It is a wonderful gift to future generations. 
of the trail will be named for Bill. This is a fitting tribute to a tremendous public servant and one without whom we wouldn’t have had this tremendous trail. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago, I was proud to announce grant funding for the Centre County Youth Services Bureau, an organization in my district which operates an emergency shelter, assisting youth, ages 12–17, who are homeless, runaways, or at risk for either of these conditions due to difficult circumstances at home. This grant funding allowed the shelter to continue to operate 24 hours a day, providing a safe haven for these young men and women. 
The shelter is just one of my initiatives that the Centre County Youth Services Bureau is responsible for. The organization, which was founded in 1968, also is involved in a variety of communitybased, familybased, and residential programs intended to improve the lives of families across Centre County and the surrounding area. 
Services Bureau and all the staff in taking the initiative to apply for this grant funding, and I know that they are going to be able to see the results of this award for years to come. 
inform my colleagues and those who are listening of a very important conference that is occurring here in the Capitol today in the Capitol Visitor Center, a convening of nearly 500 Americans and those of Ukrainian American and Ukrainian heritage who are meeting to save Ukraine now. 
endeavors across our country to ship medical equipment, to ship used clothing, used shoes, mattresses, tents, to deal with the 1.7 million children who have been left homeless, and over 5 million refugees who have been affected by the brutal Russian invasion on Russia’s western side and Ukraine’s eastern side, as Russia has killed over 6,000 innocent Ukrainians and thousands have been injured. 
Ukraine. Many families are now eating more and more potatoes, lacking sufficient sustenance, and there are so many children that have been displaced. 
listening, go to the Web site of the U.S. Ukraine Foundation. Learn what is being done. If you can help in your communities to ship goods through your National Guard, this is the time for freedom fighters across our country to lend humanitarian aid to Ukraine. b1215 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, another GTMO terrorist has been released back into the world by this administration. Abdul Shalabi, a bodyguard for Osama bin Laden, is now a free man thanks to our government. 
terrorists have been freed. There is the notorious Taliban Five; and at least one of these terrorist prisoners has allegedly started communicating with his old terrorist buddies in the Middle East. No surprise there; once a terrorist, always a terrorist. 
Do we think that after years in prison these terrorists will somehow change their mind and not be a threat to America? 
may have been considered one of the 9/ 11 attackers. Isn’t that lovely. 
backwards. The administration should be working just as hard to free the four Americans trapped in the jaws of terror in Iran as it is freeing known terrorists who will return to their old ways of mischief. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise today in recognition of National Historically Black Colleges and Universities Week. 
More than 70 percent of students enrolled in HBCUs are low income, and more than half are firstgeneration college students. Arkansas’ Fourth Congressional District is home to one of the Nation’s premier HBCUs, the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff. 
While many students attending Historically Black Colleges and Universities like UAPB are standout students, a select few have risen to the top. Among them is Sidney Smith, a student from UAPB who was recently named an HBCU AllStar by the White House. 
to all HBCUs for the work they are doing in communities across America. You are giving generations of young people a brighter future and are helping them to make America what they dream it to be. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, having 
access to sound financial advice can make a big difference in the lives of Americans. It is about planning ahead and taking action to set money aside and invest so families can buy a home, send their children to college, and save up for retirement. However, a proposed rule by the Department of Labor threatens access for millions of hardworking Americans that seek financial advice. 
the proposed fiduciary rule will present operational challenges and force those who give financial advice to work under conflicting rules from two separate regulatory agencies. Unfortunately, those that will be most harmed from this rule will be families of modest means. 
issue for years, and I continue to hear from Minnesotans sounding the alarm for what this will mean for those who are planning for their future. 
I urge the Department of Labor to reconsider this rule or to delay it until we can find a more commonsense alternative. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize the Yakima Union Gospel Mission for 79 years of unwavering support and dedication to those in need in the Yakima Valley. 
that individual needs are met, helping to provide between 400 and 600 meals a day, free clothing and household goods, free medical care, and dental care that can be paid for based on a sliding monetary scale or through hours worked at the mission. 
The mission offers longterm residential addiction recovery treatment programs for men and women and focuses on skill development through the provision of job training opportunities at the mission’s catering, retail, and recycling centers. In 2014 alone, the Union Gospel Mission helped over 1,200 of its 1,400 clients find work and permanent housing. 
Additionally, the Union Gospel Mission operates the Madison House Youth Center, providing yearround tutoring, college preparation, meals, and activities for highrisk, innercity youth. 
Please join me in thanking the Yakima Union Gospel Mission for its unrelenting commitment to serving our community. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
marked the beginning of Hispanic Heritage Month, a time when all of us can 
take a moment and recognize the tremendous contributions of Hispanic Americans who have made our communities a great country. 
representing one of the most diverse congressional districts in the country. Our diversity has always been our strength, and Hispanic Americans are sewn into the very fabric of what makes our slice of Nevada special. 
contributions of Latinos to the United States, I am pleased to join my colleague from California, Congressman TONY CA´RDENAS , as the original cosponsor of his resolution recognizing Hispanic Heritage Month. 
So, whether it is the innovative entrepreneurs who are starting businesses and creating jobs, the ambitious students studying to become tomorrow’s leaders, or the brave men and women who serve our country in uniform, the story of Hispanic Americans is the story of all Americans. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Members will leave this week behind physically but not mentally and not without a sense of joy and, certainly, questions. Many things have happened this week, and more will come in terms of further explanations about our leadership and about our direction, but one thing we know that occurred is a mighty statement of balanced injustice. I will paraphrase the words of Pope Francis, when he said to us that politics requires more than divisiveness; and he said ‘‘the greatest common good: that of a community which sacrifices particular interests in order to share, in justice and peace, its goods, its interests, its social life’’—an instruction on the goodness of our Members, no matter what their party. 
would ask that we look collectively together about working to pass a budget that is fair and just and that helps the needy: comprehensive immigration reform, helping the homeless, and helping veterans who have suffered, Mr. Speaker, some hundreds of thousands who died waiting for hospital services. 
I think we can do better. Get rid of 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) is recognized for 60 
after 41 years in uniform, General Martin Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the highest 
Armed Services Committee have expressed our gratitude for his service and bid General Dempsey farewell as he testified before our committee for what we expected would be his final hearing; but, time and time again, world events brought him back to us. 
That underscores what a consequential job General Dempsey has had. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff is the senior military adviser to both the legislative and executive branches of government. I am personally very grateful for his willingness to spend time, formally and informally, with members of our committee discussing our country’s security, providing his best military advice on an unprecedented spectrum of serious and diverse threats during an era of declining resources and when Congress and the President have very different views on national security policy. All of that has been a tremendous challenge. 
In his four decades of dedicated service, General Dempsey has led our forces against threats far different from those we faced when he left his native New Jersey to become a West Point cadet. Instead of Soviets in the Fulda Gap, General Dempsey has had to confront a newly aggressive Russia, an expanding China, Iranianbacked instability in the Middle East, as well as ISIS and al Qaeda. 
threats we can see. General Dempsey has also had to face increasing cyber attacks on our military and our country, the threat posed by diseases like Ebola in an increasingly mobile world, and a tremendous amount of change within the military, itself. 
also honor, through him, those who have served under him. To meet the challenges that the United States faces around the world and to meet our sacred obligations to our servicemembers and their families requires a commitment to service and sacrifice that separates America from the rest of the world and separates those who serve in the military from much of our own population. It takes something special. 
and for serving our Nation with honor and distinction for 41 years, I know I speak for my colleagues in thanking General Martin Dempsey and his wife, Deanie, for their service to our country as they move into the next phase of their life together. 
remarks with further discussion of the career of General Martin Dempsey. 
General Dempsey’s career has been a lesson in dedication to country and selfless service. 
at every level—from Platoon Leader to Combatant Commander—and his assignments have carried him and his family across the United States and around the world. As a company grade officer, he served with 
the 2nd Cavalry in Europe and the 10th Cavalry at Fort Carson. Following troop command, he earned his Masters of Arts in English from Duke University and was assigned to the English Department at West Point. He subsequently earned additional advanced degrees from the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College and the National War College. 
the Third Armored Division in support of Operation Desert Storm. He later commanded a battalion in Germany and then served as the Army’s ‘‘senior scout’’ as the 67th Colonel of the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment—the Brave Rifles—before reporting to the Joint Staff as an assistant deputy director in the J– 5 and later as a Special Assistant to the 14th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
1st Armored Division in Baghdad and returned to Iraq in 2005 as the Commanding General of the MultiNational Security Transition Command—Iraq. From 2007 to 2008, he was the Deputy Commander and then Acting Commander of U.S. Central Command, and from 2008 to 2011, he commanded U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command. 
of Staff, General Dempsey led his beloved Army a short 149 days before being tapped to serve as the 18th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. In that capacity, and as the Nation’s highestranking military officer, he has served as the principal military advisor to the President, the Secretary of Defense, the National Security Council, and Congress. 
coordinate and build consensus among the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Staff, the Services, and the Combatant Commands. He has also developed important relationships with military leaders in other nations. 
an extraordinary range of global responsibilities, from counterterrorism and crisis response, to supporting our allies, building partner capacity, and humanitarian assistance. His efforts to strengthen key alliances, bolster new partnerships, and more closely integrate the military with other tools of national power and influence are commendable. 
been marked by significant transitions in military operations and personnel in an increasingly dynamic and unpredictable security environment. 
growing, General Dempsey guided the Joint Force to study, learn, and incorporate lessons learned over the past 14 years. In addition, recognizing the shifting nature of the security environment and our ability to respond to it, General Dempsey led a paradigm shift in how we posture and employ this Joint team around the world. 
At the same time, the past few years have 
witnessed exponential growth of the cyber threat against our Nation, and General Dempsey has pushed the expansion of our cyber capabilities in response. He has championed the rapid development of our cyber forces, and implemented the Joint Information Environment to optimize and better defend our military’s information technology infrastructure. These initiatives will be critical to the future security of our Nation. 
As principle steward of the military profession, he renewed an internal commitment to 
strengthen the Profession of Arms and reinvigorated education, training, and leader development. He managed historic decisions, including reforms to General and Flag Officer ethics, and Departmentwide improvements in Sexual Assault Prevention and Response. His stewardship set conditions to preserve the strength of the allvolunteer force and to ensure service members departing the military successfully transition back into their communities. 
great pride in his role in ensuring our military remains the best supported, best trained, best equipped, and best led force on the planet. 
to our Nation, General Dempsey and his family deserve our most heartfelt gratitude and admiration. He and Deanie have our very best wishes for the next phase and the challenges and opportunities it will inevitably bring. Our Nation, our Joint Force, and our Army are all better for his leadership and distinguished service. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of attending a funeral. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, September 28, 2015, at noon for morning hour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Branch Chief, Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Clarification 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 702. A bill to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions; with an amendment (Rept. 114–267 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs discharged from further consideration. H.R. 702 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Company Act of 1940 to terminate the exemption of companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
the ExportImport Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3612. A bill making emergency appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, to address needs of the Federal judiciary serving the border region between the United States and Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3613. A bill to amend title 40, United 
States Code, to provide certain purchasing authority for recipients or subrecipients of grants under chapter 53 of title 49 of such Code, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 3614. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
establishment of certain water quality standards within the Great Bay Estuary, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of the Armed Forces, including reserve components thereof, and supporting civilian and contractor personnel continue to receive pay and allowances for active service performed when a funding gap caused by the failure to enact interim or fullyear appropriations for the Armed Forces occurs, which results in the furlough of nonemergency personnel and the curtailment of Government activities and services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
consolidating some duplicative and overlapping Government programs; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. PASCRELL , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. H OLDING ): 
H.R. 3618. A bill to clarify the exclusion of 
orphan drug sales from the calculation of the annual fee on branded prescription pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Park in the District of Columbia as Rock Creek National Park; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Rules of the House of Representatives to require Members to post on their official public websites information on official travel taken by the Member for which reimbursement was provided by a private source; to the Committee on Rules. 
to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs for their joint campaign to raise awareness during September, Suicide Prevention Month, to reduce suicide among members of the United States Armed Forces and veterans; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of the Legislature of the State of South Dakota, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 1001, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3610. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3611. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3612. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3614. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18. 
H.R. 3615. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Necessary amd Proper Clause: The Congress shall have power . . . to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all powers vested by this constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 3616. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7, and Article 1, 
H.R. 3617. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Consitution gives Congress the authority to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 3618. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
power to . . . lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 3619. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 2 of section 3 of article IV of the 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 379: Mr. T IBERI and Mr. J OHNSON of 
H.R. 600: Mr. S CHRADER and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 771: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
H.R. 816: Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. R OBY, Mr. Y OUNG  
H.R. 836: Mr. W ALBERG , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
H.R. 1388: Mr. C OFFMAN and Mr. B ROOKS of 
H.R. 1567: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 1670: Mr. P ALLONE and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. R IGELL and Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
H.R. 2061: Mr. W EBER of Texas and Ms. 
York, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. L EE, Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. N ADLER, Mr. R USH, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
PAULSEN , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. W ITTMAN. 
H.R. 2500: Mr. P ETERS on and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2530: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2546: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2732: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. C OHEN . 
Mr. T IBERI , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and 
H.R. 2901: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 2962: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
H.R. 3033: Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. K ING of New York, Ms. 
Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. H ANNA . H.R. 3187: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 3220: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 3495: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. 
H.R. 3520: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Ms. A DAMS . 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
Georgia, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. M CMORRISRODGERS , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. Y OHO, Mr. W ITTMAN , 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, and 
H. Res. 294: Ms. K USTER and Mr. R OKITA . 
H. Res. 343: Mr. W EBER of Texas and Mr. 
H. Res. 436: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. P OCAN . 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6951 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 2015 No. 139 