rise today to introduce legislation declaring the Christians and Yazidis of Syria, Iraq, Pakistan, Iran, Egypt, and Libya as targets of genocide. This bill will make them eligible for expedited refugee and visa processing for entry into the United States and give them priority over other applicants. 
The Save the Christians from Genocide Act is imperative at this time. The alarm bell is ringing. Ancient longstanding communities of Christians in the Middle East are being murdered individually and en masse, targeted for extinction. Under President Obama’s leadership, our government has stood 
of this House to join me in cosponsoring this bill to save the Christians from genocide. Hundreds of thousands of Muslims are finding safety and economic handouts in Europe, but what about the true targets of genocide? Where is their safe haven? 
support the Save the Christians from Genocide Act to prioritize our immigration and refugee policy to save these Christians from facing brutal extinction. 
to join me in cosponsoring this bill. I, at this moment, will submit it to Congress for consideration. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
City Royals took game five of the World Series from a very good New York Mets team. They beat them in the 12th inning, and they bring the Commissioner’s Trophy back to Kansas City for the first time in 30 years. 
the best record in the American League: 95 wins, defeated the Astros in five games, defeated the Blue Jays in six, and defeated the Mets in the World Series in five games. These unheralded comeback kids scored 51 runs in the seventh inning or after in the postseason, shattering the previous record by 15 runs. 
this championship was not only about the Royals, but about their loyal fan 
out for the celebration. Every school within 100 miles was closed. 
what it means to play like a team. Our players never gave up. They have respect for themselves and the game, and they treat each other like family. 
Kansas City Royals, and express sympathy for the losers. 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, California and the West continue to be ravaged by wildfires each summer and fall, which is especially devastating to our forests in a time of record drought. Much is done on suppressing fires as they happen, to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars of sometimes unplanned emergency funds, as well as hundreds of millions in loss of the people’s assets: the forestland and trees are in that inventory and, with it, the habitat, all of value not frequently accounted for on public lands. 
is the lack of mobilization after a fire for the important salvage work needed on public land and how important it is that it be timely. Large trees after a fire, many of them can be salvaged within a year, and their value, sold to help recover costs for needed reforestation. 
such as: habitat; the renewal of the forest; and the critical prevention of massive erosion into our streams, rivers, lakes, and other waterways after a fire, which replantings help mitigate. Indeed, with the EPA’s waters of the United States emphasis, they should be looking at their own timely treatment of their own jurisdictional public lands first. 
permitting that the Forest Service and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service are holding in their hands for even modest work still pending on 2014 fires. I urge these permitting entities to expedite the paperwork now to salvage what we can of 2014 timber burn that has little time left to salvage at a value that will help taxpayers, instead of cost them. 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
with a heavy heart to convey my thoughts, prayers, and support for the students, the faculty, and the staff of the University of California at Merced in my district, one of the rising stars and the newest university in the University of California system. It is 11 years old, with 6,700 students. Yesterday was a very sad and unfortunate day. An incident occurred where four individuals were stabbed by a student on campus. The good news is that I am told that they will all recover, but it was a tragic act of violence. The campus was shut down. 
the victims, their families, and all those who are part of the University of California campus at Merced, a wonderful community that I am honored to represent. 
the courage and the bravery that the students have shown during this difficult time. I am also not surprised by the amount of community support that has come together over the last 24 
Chancellor Dorothy Leland and the faculty have built is a tremendous support within the Merced campus. It is very special, and I know everybody is reaching out to support everyone at this difficult time. 
with the victims and their families, the faculty, the students, and the administration. We, today, are all University of California Merced Bobcats. 
today to pay tribute to Staff Sergeant Ryan Hammond of Moundsville, West Virginia. Staff Sergeant Hammond was one of six airmen killed last month when their C–130 crashed at Jalalabad. 
A native of Moundsville, Staff Sergeant Hammond joined the Air Force after graduating from John Marshall High School in Glen Dale. 
family and friends to honor his life, service, and sacrifice at Arlington National Cemetery. The burial service was a reminder that the expense of individual freedom is steep, row after row of white headstones with names of Americans who gave their ultimate sacrifice. 
Dozens of his fellow squadron members paid tribute to Staff Sergeant Hammond during the ceremony. As they filed past, they laid their wings upon his coffin, a final salute to a young airman who followed his dream of flying. There was not a dry eye at the grave site. 
I offer my condolences to Staff Sergeant Hammond’s family; his wife, Holly; his parents, David and Cathy; and his friends. 
missed, but his sacrifices will never be forgotten. REVIVE THE SALTON SEA 
(Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
leading the way at the Red Hill Bay to revive the Salton Sea. The Salton Sea is the largest body of water in and poses the largest public health and economic threat to California. 
containing arsenic and pesticides can cause respiratory distress in kids and seniors in the surrounding communities. The noxious odors may reduce home values and harm our tourism industry, costing billions of dollars. For too long, there has been study after study but no concrete action. 
Bay, we break ground on the first largescale project to help prevent dust exposure and promote renewable energy development. 
largest renewable energy industrial park in the Nation, creating jobs in southern California, while preserving wildlife habitat and preventing the noxious dust our children may breathe. Imagine a Salton Sea that, once again, attracts tourists from throughout the globe. 
and today we took the first step to making this vision a reality. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
salute the Goffstown Grizzlies football team, a high school with just 1,000 students who have an amazing story of perseverance and achievement. 
work, the team qualified for a division 3 championship a few years ago and has since advanced to division 1, the toughest in the Granite State. Even their fans thought competing at this level would be a tall order. 
The Grizzlies are undefeated this season. They entered Saturday’s playoff game ranked number one; and they got there with exciting defense and special teams blocking punts and returning kickoffs for touchdowns. 
State’s fiercest linebacking crew and a sack leader. Their kicker boots 45yard field goals, helping his team to average more than 42 points a game. The running back rushed for over 1,000 yards this season and scored over 20 touchdowns. They have New Hampshire’s most potent passing attack and incredible local support. 
like the Grizzlies, who take on the Second District’s North Nashua Titans this weekend. 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage Saturday Night Live to disinvite Donald Trump from hosting their show this weekend. 
just causing controversy so that he can get media attention, but his divisive and racist rhetoric has very troubling and realworld consequences. 
severed ties with Mr. Trump. Even SNL’s owner, NBC Universal, stated that, ‘‘At NBC, respect and dignity for all people are cornerstones of our values,’’ and they ended their relationship with Mr. Trump. 
Perhaps this blunder happened because currently there is no Latino cast member on SNL, and there have only been two in the entire history of SNL. 
I hope Saturday Night Live’s producers, writers, and cast members will consider how Donald Trump hosting SNL will compromise the integrity of their show. Having Mr. Trump degrades the quality of SNL’s humor because racism isn’t funny. It is lazy, and it is cheap. 
hypocrisy in society and reveal important social truths and political commentary. SNL has achieved that in the past, and I hope it returns. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to congratulate the Texas Society of CPAs on their 100th birthday. As a lifetime member of the TSCPA and a past chairman of the Texas State Board of Public Accountancy, the TSCPA holds a special place in my heart. 
recognized, CPAs are a special part of our communities. They do important oversight and regulation work that is integral to the functioning of our society. Bottom line, CPAs are essential for facilitating a thriving commercial system. 
include financial literacy education and financial preparation in the event of a disaster. Both of these outreach programs are designed to help the general public improve their lives. Simply put, TSCPA is teaching people how to fish. In a complex world, these financial skills will benefit them and their children for the rest of their lives. For 100 years, the TSCPA has been 
growing the profession, maintaining the profession’s integrity, molding leaders, and helping others. Its growth is in the evidence of its success. Since its founding in 1915, the TSCPA has grown to 20 chapters and a membership of nearly 28,000 CPAs. 
I am a proud member of the profession. I am proud to be a CPA, I am proud of my fellow CPAs, and I am proud of the TSCPA. I wish them happy birthday on their 100th birthday. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
in our national conversation on health and health disparities, we often forget that men face some unique health and health access challenges. So I rise today on behalf of men around the world to recognize November as Men’s Health Month and to raise awareness for men’s health issues. 
Today American men face a mortality rate 41 percent higher than women. Life expectancy for men is 76 years compared to 81 for women. American men face a higher mortality rate than women for 8 of the 10 leading causes of death, including cancer, liver disease, and heart disease. Additionally, men are at increased risk of mental health problems and 4.1 times more likely to commit suicide than women. 
around the world. Every November men around the world grow out their mustaches to raise awareness for these and other issues facing men. While I won’t be able to join my colleagues in growing facial hair to raise awareness, I will be working behind the scenes to spread the word. In the meantime, I urge my colleagues to become educated about men’s health and to stay healthy. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1356) to clarify that certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 will not take effect until after the Director of the Office of Personnel Management promulgates and makes effective regulations relating to such provisions, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
6 Mission Enhanced Little Bird aircraft to meet special operations requirements. 
for retirement of Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System, EC–130H Compass Call, and Airborne Warning and Control System aircraft. 
for executive communications upgrades for C–20 and C–37 aircraft. 
enhanced 5.56mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps. 
offset program to build and maintain the military technological superiority of the United States. 
for distributed common ground system of the United States Special Operations Command. 
for Integrated Personnel and Pay System of the Army. 
Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Minorityserving Institutions of Higher Education. 
widearea surveillance systems for Army tactical unmanned aerial systems. 
to enter into a contract for the sustainment, maintenance, repair, or overhaul of the F117 engine. 
payments for honoring members of the Armed Forces at sporting events. 
mandatory retirement for age of a general or flag officer serving as Chief or Deputy Chief of Chaplains of the Army, Navy, or Air Force. 
General recommendation on the definition and availability of costs associated with general and flag officers and their aides. 
component special selection boards as limited to correction of error at a mandatory promotion board. 
Force reserve component personnel to provide training and instruction regarding pilot training. 
concerned to initiate applications for correction of military records. 
pilot programs on career flexibility to enhance retention of members of the Armed Forces. 
members of the Armed Forces may carry an appropriate firearm on a military installation. 
Subtitle D—Military Justice, Including Sexual Assault and Domestic Violence Prevention and Response 
Counsel to provide legal consultation and assistance in connection with various Government proceedings. 
sexrelated offenses of the availability of assistance from Special Victims’ Counsel. 
prevention and response to sexual assaults in which the victim is a male member of the Armed Forces. 
members of the Armed Forces who report or intervene on behalf of the victim of an alleged sexrelated offence. 
States reports on prevention and response to sexual assault by the Army National Guard and the Army Reserve. 
Rules for CourtsMartial to establish certain prohibitions concerning evaluations of Special Victims’ Counsel. 
Military Rules of Evidence relating to the corroboration of a confession or admission. 
resident instruction for courses of instruction offered as part of Phase II joint professional military education. 
academies from nominations made by Delegates in Congress from the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
industry civilians to attend the United States Air Force Institute of Technology. 
programs and standards for professional credentials obtained by members of the Armed Forces. 
local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees. 
funds to support Department of Defense student meal programs in domestic dependent elementary and secondary schools located outside the United States. 
suicide prevention organizations and agencies to assist in reducing suicides by members of the Armed Forces. 
the involuntary separation of members of the Armed Forces. 
health screenings for individuals becoming members of the Armed Forces. 
under the Military Lending Act and Defense Manpower Data Center reports and meetings. 
temporary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing under certain circumstances. 
bonus and special pay authorities for health care professionals. 
relating to title 37 consolidated special pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities. 
relating to payment of other title 37 bonuses and special pays. 
bonus to encourage Army personnel to refer persons for enlistment in the Army. 
and transportation allowance for survivors of deceased members of the Armed Forces from the Vietnam conflict. 
Subtitle E—Commissary and NonAppropriated Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
for the defense commissary system and the military exchange system. 
States report on the Commissary Surcharge, Nonappropriated Fund, and PrivatelyFinanced Major Construction Program. 
payments caused by administrative error under the TRICARE program. 
Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund. 
to measure data on mental health care provided by the Department of Defense. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations 
each major defense acquisition program, major automated information system, and major system. 
to risk management in development of major defense acquisition programs and major systems. 
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evaluation and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Systems Engineering. 
Business Opportunity Specialists, commercial market representatives, and procurement center representatives. 
qualified HUBZone small business concerns located in a base closure area. 
industrial capability assessments of a determination about defense acquisition program requirements. 
cost increases and schedule delays resulting from oversight of defense acquisition programs. 
from authority to acquire goods and services manufactured in Afghanistan, Central Asian States, and Djibouti. 
method for procurement of audit or audit readiness services. 
the Department of Defense acts as contract intermediary for the General Services Administration. 
contracting for smaller contract actions under the Truth in Negotiations Act. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
functions of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force development activities. 
removal of ballistic missile defense capabilities from Ticonderoga class cruisers. 
transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. 
transfer or release to certain countries of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
certain prior requirements for certifications relating to transfer of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to foreign countries and other foreign entities. 
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, determined or assessed to be high risk or medium risk. 
information about recidivism of individuals formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
written agreements with foreign countries regarding transfer of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and other Department of Defense or Bureau of Prisons prisons or detention or disciplinary facilities in recruitment or other propaganda of terrorist organizations. 
rewards through government personnel of allied forces and certain other modifications to Department of Defense program to provide rewards. 
obligation and expenditure of funds for the combating terrorism program. 
AH–64 Apache helicopters from Army National Guard to regular Army and related personnel levels. 
funds for destruction of certain landmines and report on department of defense policy and inventory of antipersonnel landmine munitions. 
to provide assistance to secure the southern land border of the United States. 
geographically distributed force laydown in the area of responsibility of United States Pacific Command. 
identification, and disablement capabilities related to remotely piloted aircraft. 
United States national security interests in the Arctic region. 
report on major medical facility projects of Department of Veterans Affairs. 
submittal to Congress of reports required of Department of Defense by statute. 
places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facilities. 
Corporation for the Promotion of Rifle Practice and Firearms Safety. 
Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack. 
briefing requirement on ordered evacuations of United States embassies and consulates involving support provided by the Department of Defense. 
major medical facility projects of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
for certain construction projects by Department of Veterans Affairs. 
authority to grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civilian personnel on official duty in a combat zone. 
for Department of the Navy employees performing work aboard or dockside in support of the nuclearpowered aircraft carrier forward deployed in Japan. 
civilian employees of the Department of Defense based upon unacceptable performance. 
waive annual limitation on premium pay and aggregate limitation on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. 
of the workforce to improve the technical skills and expertise at certain Department of Defense laboratories. 
authority for certain acquisition and technology positions in the Department of Defense. 
support for coalition forces supporting certain United States military operations. 
overseas humanitarian, disaster, and civic aid programs of the Department of Defense. 
national military forces of allied countries for counterterrorism operations in Africa. 
military intelligence units provided by the Department of Defense. 
to entities in Yemen controlled by the Houthi movement. 
products and services produced in countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan. 
defense articles and provide defense services to the military and security forces of Afghanistan. 
operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. 
and protection of Iranian dissidents living in Camp Liberty, Iraq. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Iran 
production, deployment, and sale or transfer to other states or nonstate actors of the Club K cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. 
assessment of proposal to modify or introduce new aircraft or sensors for flight by the Russian Federation under the Open Skies Treaty. 
funds relating to sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. 
to procure and sustain nonstandard rotary wing aircraft historically procured through Rosoboronexport. 
capability of foreign countries to respond to incidents involving weapons of mass destruction. 
States ground forces in Eastern Europe to deter aggression on the border of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
of destruction of existing stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions. 
Joint Department of Defense Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. 
TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Explosive Device Defeat Fund for training of foreign security forces to defeat improvised explosive devices. 
contracting with Russian suppliers of rocket engines for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program. 
funds for Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. 
review of intelligence input to the defense acquisition process. 
funds pending the submission of integrated policy to deter adversaries in cyberspace. 
United States Cyber Command to defend the United States from cyber attacks. 
vulnerabilities of major weapon systems of the Department of Defense. 
and considering findings and recommendations of Council of Governors on cyber capabilities of the Armed Forces. 
the United States on recommendations relating to nuclear enterprise of the Department of Defense. 
of cooperation and collaboration between United States and United Kingdom on nuclear issues and on 60th anniversary of Fleet Ballistic Missile Program. 
funds for Patriot lower tier air and missile defense capability of the Army. 
air and missile defense capabilities of the United States. 
multipleobject kill vehicle for missile defense of the United States homeland. 
of additional missile defense site in the United States and plan for expediting deployment time of such site. 
Comptroller General of the United States review and assessment of missile defense acquisition programs. 
missile defense sensor alternatives for enhanced defense of Hawaii. 
validated military requirement and Milestone A decision on prompt global strike weapon system. 
for Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex and plan for rotation of forces at Lajes Field, Azores. 
out certain fiscal year 2015 project. TITLE XXV—NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY 
for base realignment and closure activities funded through Department of Defense base closure account. 
authority to use operation and maintenance funds for construction projects outside the United States. 
relocatable military housing units at military installations in the United States. 
military departments and Defense Agencies; treatment of value provided by local education agencies and elementary and secondary schools. 
and offsite removal only non mobile properties from certain excess property disposal requirements. 
on development of public infrastructure in connection with realignment of Marine Corps forces in AsiaPacific region. 
Japan contributions toward realignment of Marine Corps forces in AsiaPacific region. 
retained as part of conveyance to the Economic Development Alliance of Jefferson County, Arkansas. 
funds for provision of defense nuclear nonproliferation assistance to Russian Federation. 
funds for new fixed site radiological portal monitors in foreign countries. 
for the transfer of United States civil nuclear technology. 
undistributed reductions of certain operation and maintenance funding among all operation and maintenance funding. 
purposes of complying with the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010, shall be determined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation’’ for this Act, jointly submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairmen of the House and Senate Budget Committees, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage in the House acting first on the conference report or amendment between the Houses. 
Act, printed in the House section of the Congressional Record on or about November 5, 2015, by the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, shall have the same effect with respect to the implementation of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
6 Mission Enhanced Little Bird aircraft to meet special operations requirements. 
for retirement of Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System, EC–130H Compass Call, and Airborne Warning and Control System aircraft. 
for executive communications upgrades for C–20 and C–37 aircraft. 
enhanced 5.56mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defensewide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4101. 
later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall issue guidance regarding the fielding of upgraded UH–60 Blackhawk helicopters to units of the Army National Guard. Such guidance shall prioritize for such fielding the units of the Army National Guard with assigned UH–60 helicopters that have the most flight hours and the highest annual usage rates within the UH–60 fleet of the Army National Guard, consistent with the force generation unit readiness requirements of the Army. 
MH–6 MISSION ENHANCED LITTLE BIRD AIRCRAFT TO MEET SPECIAL OPERATIONS REQUIREMENTS. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a roadmap for replacing A/MH–6 Mission Enhanced Little Bird aircraft to meet the rotarywing, light attack, reconnaissance requirements particular to special operations. 
rotarywing, light attack, reconnaissance requirements and platforms particular to special operations, including key performance parameters of anticipated platforms. 
the roadmap to coordinate with the military departments on a servicecommon platform to satisfy replacement platform requirements. 
REPLACEMENT OF UH–60A BLACKHAWK HELICOPTERS OF ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing detailed options for the potential acceleration of the replacement of all UH–60A helicopters of the Army National Guard by not later than September 30, 2020. The report shall include the following: 
required, listed by each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020, for H–60M production, UH–60A toL RECAP, and UH–60LtoV RECAP that is necessary to achieve such replacement of all UH–60A helicopters by September 30, 2020. 
may affect such acceleration, including with respect to the production schedules for the other variants of the UH–60 helicopter. 
or resources required to train members of the National Guard to operate and maintain UH–60M aircraft in order to achieve such replacement of all UH–60A helicopters by September 30, 2020. 
kits program provides the Army with improved and necessary ballistic protection for the heavy tactical vehicle fleet; 
provides the Army with greater logistical tractability and offers soldiers the necessary flexibility to tailor armor levels based on threat levels and mission requirements; and 
secure Army, it is necessary to provide the appropriate funding levels to meet the tactical wheeled vehicle protection kits acquisition objectives of the Army. 
‘‘(ii) cannot be deferred to a future ship because of operational necessity, safety, or substantial cost reduction that still meets threshold requirements.’’. 
LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP. 
and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, or otherwise made available for fiscal years 2014 or 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, or otherwise made available for fiscal years 2014, 2015, or 2016’’; and 
Flight 0 and Flight 0+ Littoral Combat Ships with capabilities identified for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship. 
Plan for the Littoral Combat Ship Mission Modules, approved by the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, which includes the performance levels expected to be demonstrated during developmental testing for 
of the Navy may procure one Arleigh Burke class destroyer, in addition to any other procurement of such ships otherwise authorized by law, to be procured either— 
the 10 Arleigh Burke class destroyers authorized to be procured under section 123 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1655); or 
The Secretary of the Navy may carry out the nuclear refueling and complex overhaul of the U.S.S. George Washington (CVN–73). 
of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts to procure up to six Fleet Replenishment Oilers. Such procurements may also include advance procurement for economic order quantity and long lead time materials, beginning with the lead ship, commencing not earlier than fiscal year 2016. 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for procurement for the U.S.S. John F. Kennedy 
analyzed and accepts the operational risk of the U.S.S. Gerald R. Ford deploying without having conducted full ship shock trials; and 
trials will be completed on the U.S.S. Gerald R. Ford after the first deployment of such ship and prior to the first major maintenance availability of such ship. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that evaluates cost issues related to the U.S.S. John F. Kennedy (CVN–79) and the U.S.S. Enterprise (CVN–80). 
for CVN–80, with exceptions only for changes due to full ship shock trials or other significant test and evaluation results. 
CVN–80 to less than 50 percent of the CVN–79 plans cost. 
Governmentfurnished equipment, including launch and arresting equipment, to contractorfurnished equipment. 
phase CVN–79 delivery proposal and impact on fleet deployments. 
2016, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on potential requirements, capabilities, and alternatives for the future development of aircraft carriers that would replace or supplement the CVN–78 class aircraft carrier. 
base considerations and a plan to ensure opportunity for competition among alternatives. 
considerations related to developing the Annual LongRange Plan for Construction of Naval Vessels required under section 231 of title 10, United States Code. 
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a certification that the design of the U.S.S. Enterprise (CVN–80) will repeat the design of CVN–79, with modifications only for significant test and evaluation results or significant cost reduction initiatives that still meet threshold requirements. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that details the costs of the plans related to the U.S.S. Enterprise (CVN–80). 
by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research and development, design, construction, procurement, or advanced procurement of materials for the Littoral Combat Ships designated as LCS 33 or subsequent, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until Secretary of the Navy submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives each of the following: 
equivalent report, to assess capability gaps and associated capability requirements and risks for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship, which is proposed to commence with LCS 33. Such assessment shall conform with the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System, including Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Instruction 3170.01H. 
Littoral Combat Ship program delivers, and a description of how these relate to the characteristics of the future joint force identified in the Capstone Concept for Joint Operations, concept of operations, and integrated architecture documents. 
Combat Ship at the operational level and tactical level describing how they integrate and synchronize with joint and combined forces to achieve the Joint Force Commander’s intent. 
achieve initial operational capability of a Littoral Combat Ship modernization increment. 
training, materiel, leadership, education, personnel, facilities, and policy considerations. 
target as determined by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and 
per hull per year affordability target as determined by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. 
FORRETIREMENT .—Except as provided by section 141, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status any A–10 aircraft. 
Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure the Air Force maintains a minimum of 171 A–10 aircraft designated as primary mission aircraft inventory. 
appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to make significant reductions to manning levels with respect to any A–10 aircraft squadrons or divisions. 
Force shall commission an appropriate entity outside the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the required capabilities or mission platform to replace the A–10 aircraft. This assessment would represent preparatory work to inform an analysis of alternatives. 
conduct troopsincontact/danger close missions or missions in close proximity to civilians in the presence of the air defenses found with enemy ground maneuver units. 
destroy moving, camouflaged, or dugin troops, artillery, armor, and armored personnel carriers. 
(III) The ability to engage, target, and destroy tanks and armored personnel carriers, including with respect to the carrying capacity of armorpiercing weaponry, including 
range of friendly forces and targets to facilitate responsiveness to ground forces and minimize reattack times. 
support beneath low cloud ceilings and in reduced visibilities at low airspeeds in the presence of the air defenses found with enemy ground maneuver units. 
aircraft to survive attacks stemming from small arms, machine guns, manportable air defense systems, and lower caliber antiaircraft artillery organic or attached to enemy ground forces and maneuver units. 
(VII) The ability to communicate effectively with ground forces and downed pilots, including in communications jamming or satellitedenied environments. 
firing passes and sustain long loiter endurance to support friendly forces throughout extended ground engagements. 
dirt, grass, and narrow road runways and to generate high sortie rates under these austere conditions. 
FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF EC– 130H COMPASS CALL AIRCRAFT. 
FORRETIREMENT .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status any EC–130H Compass Call aircraft. 
September 30, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes, at a minimum, the following: 
EC–130H Compass Call aircraft electronic warfare mission set to include suppression of sophisticated enemy air defense systems, advanced radar jamming, avoiding radar detection, communications, sensing, satellite navigation, command and control, and battlefield awareness. 
more sophisticated air defenses and advanced commercial digital electronic devices which counter the airborne electronic attack capabilities of the United States by state and nonstate actors. 
integrating such capabilities onto an existing platform, an analysis that verifies that such platform has the space, weight, cooling, and power necessary to support the integration of the EC–130H Compass Call capability. 
may be submitted in classified form, but shall also contain an unclassified executive summary and may contain an unclassified annex. 
FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF JOINT SURVEILLANCE TARGET ATTACK RADAR SYSTEM, EC–130H COMPASS CALL, AND AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM AIRCRAFT. 
by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for aircraft procurement, Air Force, not more than $4,285,000,000 may be obligated for the procurement of F–35A aircraft until the Secretary of the Air Force certifies to the congressional defense committees that F–35A aircraft delivered during fiscal year 2018 will have full combat capability, as determined as of the date of the enactment of this Act, with Block 3F hardware, software, and weapons carriage. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to transfer from one facility of the Department of Defense to another any C–130H aircraft, initiate any C–130 manpower authorization adjustments, retire or prepare to retire any C–130H aircraft, or close any C–130H unit until a period of 90 days elapses following the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Army, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Chief of Staff of the Army, in consultation with the commanders of the XVIII Airborne Corps, the 82nd Airborne Division, and the United States Army Special Operations Command, jointly certify to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives that— 
maintain dedicated C–130 wings to support the daily training and contingency requirements of the XVIII Airborne Corps, the 82nd Airborne Division, and the United States Army Special Operations Command at manning levels required to support and operate the number of aircraft that existed as part of 
regular and reserve Air Force operations in support of such units as of September 30, 2014; or 
C–130 wings will not adversely affect the daily training requirement of such airborne and special operations units. 
FUNDS FOR EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS UPGRADES FOR C–20 AND C–37 AIRCRAFT. 
by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for aircraft procurement, Air Force, for avionics modification to the T–1A Jayhawk aircraft, not more than 85 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense committees the report required under section 142 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3320). 
twoyear period beginning on October 1, 2015, the Secretary of the Air Force shall maintain a total aircraft inventory of fighter aircraft of not less than 1,900 aircraft, and a total primary mission aircraft inventory (combatcoded) of not less than 1,100 fighter aircraft. 
such retirement for the Air Force, the Air National Guard, and the Air Force Reserve for the force mix ratio of fighter aircraft. 
apply to individual fighter aircraft that the Secretary determines, on a casebycase basis, to be nonoperational because of mishaps, other damage, or being uneconomical to repair. 
aircraft that is designated by a basic mission design series of A–10, F–15, F–16, F–22, or F– 35. 
Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force, in the strategic basing process for the F–35A aircraft, should continue to consider the benefits derived from sites that— 
the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that provides a detailed test and evaluation plan to address the effectiveness, suitability, and survivability shortfalls 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the plan of the Army and the Marine Corps to modernize small arms for the Army and the Marine Corps during the 15 year period beginning on the date of such plan, including the mechanisms to be used to promote competition among suppliers of small arms and small arms parts in achieving the plan. 
OF ENHANCED 5.56MM AMMUNITION BY THE ARMY AND THE MARINE CORPS. 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a study on the use of different types of enhanced 5.56mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps. 
recommendations of the federally funded research and development center that conducted the study. 
Army and the Marine Corps to use in combat two different types of enhanced 5.56mm ammunition. 
effectiveness, and suitability issues that may arise from the use of such different types of ammunition. 
that have resulted from the use of such different types of ammunition. 
the Army or the Marine Corps to eventually transition to using in combat one standard type of enhanced 5.56mm ammunition. 
offset program to build and maintain the military technological superiority of the United States. 
for the advanced development and manufacturing facility under the medical countermeasure program. 
for distributed common ground system of the United States Special Operations Command. 
for Integrated Personnel and Pay System of the Army. 
Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Minorityserving Institutions of Higher Education. 
widearea surveillance systems for Army tactical unmanned aerial systems. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation as specified in the funding table in section 4201. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2367 the following new section: 
Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall designate each science and technology reinvention laboratory as a Center for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership (in this section referred to as ‘Centers’) in the recognized core competencies of the designee. 
Centers for the elements of the Department of Defense who use the services of the Centers; and 
cost and improving the performance and efficiency of executing laboratory missions. 
‘‘(ii) may be applicable to both the Department and commercial entities. 
outside the Department of Defense to use for either Government or commercial purposes any capabilities of the Center that are not fully used for Department of Defense activities for any period determined to be consistent with the needs of the Department of Defense. 
ownership of a Center by the Department of Defense. 
commercial business ventures based on the capabilities of a Center, as determined by the director of the Center. 
transfer between the armed forces, academia, private industry, and State and local governments. 
skilled technical workforce that can contribute to the effective and efficient execution of the missions of the Department of Defense. 
access and use nonDepartment of Defense methods to develop and innovate and access capabilities that contribute to the effective and efficient execution of the missions of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(iii) Section 209 of title 35. ‘‘(iv) Sections 8, 12, and 23 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3706, 3710a, and 3715). 
fund, including a workingcapital or revolving fund, that incurs the cost of performing the work; or 
as the Director considers appropriate and consistent with section 219 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
Center may be made available for use by a privatesector entity under this section only if— 
a significant adverse effect on the performance of the Center or the ability of the Center to achieve the mission of the Center, as determined by the Director of the Center; 
injury to any person or property arising out of a decision by the Secretary to suspend or terminate that use of capabilities during a war or national emergency. 
in this section may be construed to authorize a change, otherwise prohibited by law, from the performance of work at a Center by personnel of the Department of Defense to performance by a contractor. 
a Center for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership, means the facilities, equipment, personnel, intellectual property, and other assets that support the core competencies of the Center. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2367 the following new item: 
scholarship or fellowship under the program under this section; 
sabbatical opportunities for faculty and internship opportunities for students;’’; and 
shall promote, monitor, and evaluate programs for the communication and exchange of research, development, and technological data— 
combatant commands, and other organizations that are involved in developing for the Department of Defense the technological requirements for new items for use by combat forces; 
other offices, agencies, and bureaus in the Department that are engaged in related technological matters; 
other departments or agencies of the Federal Government that are engaged in research, development, and technological matters; 
institution, and university entities engaged in research, development, and technological matters potentially relevant to defense on a voluntary basis; 
full awareness of scientific and technological advancement and innovation wherever it may occur, whether funded by the Department of Defense, another element of the Federal Government, or other entities; and 
of clear technical communications to the public, military operators, acquisition organizations, and civilian and military decision makers that conveys successes of research and engineering activities supported by the Department and the contributions of such activities to support national needs.’’; 
have broad latitude to choose research and development projects based on awareness of activities throughout the technology domain, including within the Federal Government, the Department of Defense, public and private research institutions and universities, and the global commercial marketplace;’’; 
and encouraged to support national technological development goals and support technological missions of other departments and agencies of the Federal Government, when such support is determined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the best interests of the Federal Government.’’. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2364 and inserting the following: 
of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2359a note) is amended— 
funded under the program for more than two years’’ and inserting ‘‘receive more than a total of two years of funding under the program’’; and 
followon or current projects carried out under the program into defense acquisition programs, through the use of the authorities of section 819 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) or such other authorities as may be appropriate to conduct further testing, low rate production, or full rate production of technologies developed under the program. 
based selection procedures and the selection of projects is not subject to undue influence by Congress or other Federal agencies.’’. 
acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, the Deputy Chief Management Officer, and the Chief Information Officer, shall establish a set of science, technology, and innovation activities to improve the acquisition outcomes of major automated information systems through improved performance and reduced developmental and life cycle costs. 
defined in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code). 
tools to support development and operational test of large and complex business systems. 
(ii) support activities of initiatives, programs, and offices identified by the Under Secretary and Deputy Chief Management Officer; and 
The projects and programs identified in this paragraph are the following: 
and field activities of the Office of the Secretary of Defense that support business missions such as finance, human resources, security, management, logistics, and contract management. 
shall establish a technology offset program to build and maintain the military technological superiority of the United States by— 
by a military department, Defense Agency, or a combatant command; 
field or commercialize offset technologies developed by certain types of research funding of the Department; and 
agreements, or other transaction agreements entered into pursuant to section 2371b of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 815, with appropriate entities for the fielding or commercialization of technologies. 
shall be interpreted to require any official of the Department of Defense to provide funding under this section to any Congressional earmark as defined pursuant to clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives or any congressionally directed spending item as defined pursuant to paragraph 5 of rule XLIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
FUNDS FOR F–15 INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT. 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the requirements and cost estimates for the development and procurement of infrared search and track capability for F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft of the Navy and the Air Force. The report shall include the following: 
Navy and the Air Force to field different F/ A–18 and F–15 aircraft infrared search and track systems. 
FUNDS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF THE SHALLOW WATER COMBAT SUBMERSIBLE. 
schedule overruns associated with the program, including with respect to the performance of contractors and subcontractors. 
Under Secretary may have learned from the shallow water combat submersible program that could be applied to future undersea mobility acquisition programs. 
FUNDS FOR THE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING FACILITY UNDER THE MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE PROGRAM. 
the congressional defense committees a report on the advanced development and manufacturing facility under the medical countermeasure program that includes the following: 
development and manufacturing facility, including validated Department of Defense requirements. 
FUNDS FOR DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE ARMY. 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Army, for the distributed common ground system of the Army, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Army— 
commercial software solutions are compliant with the standards required by the framework and guidance for the Intelligence Community Information Technology Enterprise, the Defense Intelligence Information Enterprise, and the Joint Information Environment. 
the distributed common ground system of the Army that prioritizes the acquisition of commercial software components, including a data integration layer, in time to meet the projected deployment schedule for Increment 2. 
the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
FUNDS FOR DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND. 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Defensewide, for the United States Special Operations Command for the distributed 
shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report on the distributed common ground system. Such report shall include the following: 
distributed common ground system special operations forces program for which commercial software exists that is capable of fulfilling most or all of the system requirements for each such component. 
commercial software solutions are compliant with the standards required by the framework and guidance for the Intelligence Community Information Technology Enterprise, the Defense Intelligence Information Enterprise, and the Joint Information Environment. 
distributed common ground system special operations forces program that the Commander determines may be acquired through competitive means. 
elements of the distributed common ground system special operations forces program 
FUNDS FOR INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM OF THE ARMY. 
by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Army, for the integrated personnel and pay system of the Army, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of the Army submits to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the following: 
approaches that could reduce the overall cost of development and deployment for the integrated personnel and pay system of the Army without delaying the current program schedule by more than six months. 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended— 
coordination with the Center for Assured Software of the National Security Agency,’’; and 
commercialofftheshelf technology for pilots and joint tactical air controllers. 
HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MINORITY SERVING INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION. 
credible and sustainable program relating to the engagement and support under the strategy. 
are used to develop, maintain, and grow scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capabilities. 
and postgraduate students at covered educational institutions for inclusion into research or internship opportunities within the military department. 
an entity of the Department of Defense that executes research, development, test, and evaluation budget activity 1 funding, as described in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation. 
SHELF WIDEAREA SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS FOR ARMY TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains the findings of a market survey and assessment of commercialoffthe shelf widearea surveillance sensors operationally suitable for insertion into the tactical unmanned aerial systems of the Army. 
subsystems currently used on such tactical unmanned aerial systems; 
and feasibility to upgrade or enhance wide area surveillance sensors of such tactical unmanned aerial systems, as considered appropriate by the Secretary. 
2016, the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the baseline and alternatives to the Tactical Air Combat Training System (TCTS) Increment II of the Navy. 
new start TCTS II program as compared to an incremental upgrade to the existing TCTS system. 
procure, and replace the existing Department of the Navy TCTS architecture with an encrypted TCTS II compared to upgrades to existing TCTS. 
Force and the Department of the Navy investment in livevirtualconstructive advanced air combat training and planned timeline for inclusion into TCTS II architecture. 
to achieve TCTS II interoperability within the Department of Defense. 
interoperable TCTS systems within the Department of the Navy and the Department of the Air Force. 
of the Navy and Secretary of the Air Force determine is appropriate to include. 
LEVELS OF THE TECHNOLOGIES AND CAPABILITIES CRITICAL TO THE LONGRANGE STRIKE BOMBER AIRCRAFT. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the technology readiness levels of the technologies and capabilities critical to the longrange strike bomber aircraft. 
of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a comprehensive assessment of current and future requirements and capabilities of the Army with respect to air land ad hoc, mobile tactical communications 
and data networks, including the technological feasibility, suitability, and survivability of such networks. 
current or future communications and data network systems to meet the requirements of current or future tactical operations effectively, efficiently, and affordably. 
particularly with respect to communications and data network waveforms. 
shall conduct a hardware assurance study to assess the presence, scope, and effect on Department of Defense operations of counterfeit electronic parts that have passed through the supply chain of the Department and into fielded systems. 
and administrative action, including budget requirements, as the Secretary considers necessary to conduct sampling and technical hardware analyses of counterfeit parts in identified areas of high concern. 
of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force, develop a plan— 
and tactical intelligence information to fourthgeneration fighter aircraft and supporting airborne platforms and to lowobservable penetrating platforms such as the F–22 and F–35 aircraft; and 
of sensor data from lowobservable penetrating aircraft, such as the F–22 and F–35 aircraft; 
the fifthgeneration fighter aircraft of the Navy, the Air Force, and the Marine Corps, with minimal changes to the outer surfaces of the aircraft and to aircraft operational flight programs; and 
carried out individually or jointly by the military departments under the plan. 
weapons and offset technologies based on joint and individual recommendations of the military departments, including with respect to directedenergy weapons, hypersonic strike systems, autonomous systems, or other technologies as determined by the Secretary. 
and providing feedback both to the developers of the advanced weapons and offset technology and the military departments. 
shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an assessment of the F135 engine program. 
growth, and costreduction efforts with respect to the F135 engine program, including— 
cost challenges to the program as of the date of the assessment; and 
thorough assessment of the incident on June 23, 2014, consisting of an F135 engine failure and subsequent fire, including— 
or design changes needed to address such root cause; and 
AUTONOMIC LOGISTICS INFORMATION SYSTEM FOR F–35 LIGHTNING II AIRCRAFT. 
the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the autonomic logistics information system for the F–35 Lightning II aircraft program. 
equipped with various software and hardware configurations, for the autonomic logistics information system element of the F–35 Lightning II aircraft program, as of the date of the report. 
to the autonomic logistics information system, and an assessment of the ability of the F–35 Lightning II aircraft program to maintain such schedule. 
other personnel involved in operating and maintaining F–35 Lightning II aircraft in testing and operational units. 
time required for maintenance personnel to input data and use the autonomic logistics information system. 
information system to be deployed on both ships and to forward landbased locations, including any limitations of such a deployable version. 
fielding of the autonomic logistics information system program and an assessment of the capability of the program to address performance problems within the planned resources. 
logistics information system that the Comptroller General determines of critical importance to the longterm viability of the system. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should explore using existing authorities for promoting science, technology, engineering, and mathematics programs, such as under section 233 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 2193a note), to allow laboratories of the Department of Defense and federally funded research and development centers to help facilitate and shape a high quality scientific and technical future workforce that can support the needs of the Department. 
to enter into a contract for the sustainment, maintenance, repair, or overhaul of the F117 engine. 
payments for honoring members of the Armed Forces at sporting events. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4301. 
173 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
waiver under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees notice of the waiver. Any such notice shall include each of the following: 
or blended liquid hydrocarbon fuel designed as a direct replacement for a traditional fuel with comparable performance characteristics and compatible with existing infrastructure and equipment. 
military operations, including training, exercises, large scale demonstrations, and moving and sustaining military forces and military platforms; and 
the commodity price of the fuel plus the total cost of all personnel and assets required to move and, when necessary, protect the fuel from the point at which the fuel is received from the commercial supplier to the point of use.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2922g the following new item: 
631 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Navy shall establish areas, to be known as ‘Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas’, for national defense purposes. Such areas shall include each of the following: 
Ventura County, San Nicolas Island, and Begg Rock and the adjacent and surrounding waters within the following coordinates: 
Coronado, San Clemente Island and the adjacent and surrounding waters running parallel to shore to 3 nautical miles from the high tide line designated by part 165 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, on May 20, 2010, as the San Clemente Island 3NM Safety Zone. 
of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533, 1538) shall not apply with respect to the incidental taking of any southern sea otter in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas in the course of conducting a military readiness activity. 
101 and 102 of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1371, 1372) shall not apply with respect to the incidental taking of any southern sea otter in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas in the course of conducting a military readiness activity. 
LISTED .—For purposes of conducting a military readiness activity, any southern sea otter while within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas shall be treated for the purposes of section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) as a member of a species that is proposed to be listed 
as an endangered species or a threatened species under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533). 
any other Federal law shall be construed to require that any southern sea otter located within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas be removed from the Areas. 
Navy shall conduct monitoring and research within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas to determine the effects of military readiness activities on the growth or decline of the southern sea otter population and on the nearshore ecosystem. Monitoring and research parameters and methods shall be determined in consultation with the Service. 
‘southern sea otter’ means any member of the subspecies Enhydra lutris nereis. 
subject to regulation by the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), shall have the meaning given such term in that Act; and 
subject to regulation by the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.) shall have the meaning given such term in that Act. 
The term ‘optimum sustainable population’ means, with respect to any population stock, the number of animals that will result in the maximum productivity of the population or the species, keeping in mind the carrying capacity of the habitat and the health of the ecosystem of which they form a constituent element.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
progress made by the military departments in meeting current high performance and sustainable building standards under the Unified Facilities Criteria.’’; 
REQUIRED REVIEW OF PROJECTS RELATING TO POTENTIAL OBSTRUCTIONS TO AVIATION SO AS TO APPLY ONLY TO ENERGY PROJECTS. 
Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4198; 49 U.S.C. 44718 note) is amended— 
State and local officials or the developer of a renewable energy development or other energy project’’ and inserting ‘‘from a State government, an Indian tribal government, a local government, a landowner, or the developer of an energy project’’; 
project that provides for the generation or transmission of electrical energy. 
or other legal entity that owns a fee interest in real property on which a proposed energy project is planned to be located.’’. 
TO ENTER INTO A CONTRACT FOR THE SUSTAINMENT, MAINTENANCE, REPAIR, OR OVERHAUL OF THE F117 ENGINE. 
P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3345) is repealed. 
Congress a report on the merger of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Operational Energy Plans and the Office of the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Installations and Environment under section 901 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3462). Such report shall include— 
personnel whose responsibilities are focused on energy matters specifically. 
weapons, weapons systems, components, subcomponents, or enditems with a value of $10,000,000 or more. 
PAYMENTS FOR HONORING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AT SPORTING EVENTS. 
134 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2241a the following new section: 
payments for activities at sporting events to honor members of the armed forces 
sections at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 134 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2241a the following new item: 
payments for activities at sporting events to honor members of the armed forces.’’. 
under circumstances under which the handler of a military working dog is wounded in action, the dog shall be made available for adoption only by the handler. If the Secretary of the military department concerned determines that such an adoption is justified under circumstances under which the handler of a military working dog is killed in action or dies of wounds received in action, the military working dog shall be made available for adoption only by a parent, child, spouse, or sibling of the deceased handler.’’. 
is available at the military facility where the dog is located,’’; and 
States and a United States citizen or service member living abroad adopts the dog; or 
States and suitable adoption is available where the dog is located.’’. 
construed as altering, revising, or overriding any policy of a military department for the adoption of military working dogs by law enforcement agencies before the end of the dogs’ useful lives.’’. 
15, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the improved management and oversight of the systems, processes, and controls involved in the disposition of excess nonmission essential equipment and materiel by the Defense Logistics Agency Disposition Services. 
disposition sites that do not meet Defense Logistics Agency Disposition Services goals. 
serviceable items in order to prevent the destruction of excess property eligible for utilization, transfer, or donation before potential recipients are able to view and obtain the property. 
offered for public sale until all requirements for utilization, transfer, and donation are met. 
Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense by this Act or otherwise made available to the Department for sponsorship, advertising, or marketing associated with sportsrelated organizations or sporting events, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, in consultation with the Director of Accessions Policy— 
and task orders for such sponsorships, advertising, and marketing (as awarded by the regular and reserve components of the Armed Forces) in order to assess— 
and marketing are effective in meeting the recruiting objectives of the Department; 
evaluate the effectiveness of each such activity in generating leads and recruit accessions; and 
such activities is sufficient to warrant the continuing use of Department funds for such activities; and 
Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
to coordinate efforts of the Department relating to such sponsorships, advertising, and marketing, and to minimize duplicative contracts for such sponsorships, advertising, and marketing, as applicable; and 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HEADQUARTERS, ADMINISTRATIVE, AND SUPPORT ACTIVITIES. 
than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall implement a plan to ensure that the Department of Defense achieves not less than $10,000,000,000 in cost savings from the headquarters, administrative, and support activities of the Department during the period beginning with fiscal year 2015 and ending with fiscal year 2019. The Secretary shall ensure that at least one half of the required cost savings are programmed for fiscal years before fiscal year 2018. 
(ii) The Office of the Secretary of the Army 
Navy, the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, and Headquarters, Marine Corps. 
(iv) The Office of the Secretary of the Air 
departments and the subordinate commands that directly report to such commands. 
of Defense field activities, and the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise applicable guidance on the Department of Defense major headquarters activities as needed to— 
staff functions of applicable commands and components and to higher headquarters; 
shall conduct a comprehensive review of the management and operational headquarters of the Department of Defense for purposes of consolidating and streamlining headquarters functions and administrative and support activities. 
the Secretaries of the military departments and the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces have duplicative staff functions and services and could be consolidated into a single service staff. 
the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the military departments, the Defense Agencies, and temporary organizations have duplicative staff functions and services and could be streamlined with respect to— 
across the Department of Defense with respect to intelligence collection and analysis. 
Staff, the combatant commands, and their subordinate service component commands have duplicative staff functions and services that could be shared, consolidated, eliminated, or otherwise streamlined with— 
performing only staff functions and services specific to the combatant command concerned; and 
commands of the combatant commands performing only staff functions and services specific to the service component command concerned. 
in military and civilian endstrength in management or operational headquarters could be used to create, build, or fill shortages in force structure for operational units. 
are required to the Defense Officers Personnel Management Act, including requirements for officers to serve in joint billets, the number of qualifying billets, the rank structure in the joint billets, and the joint qualification requirement for officers to be promoted while serving for extensive periods in critical positions such as program managers of major defense acquisition programs, and officers in units of component forces supporting joint commands, in order to achieve efficiencies, provide promotion fairness and equity, and obtain effective governance in the management of the Department of Defense. 
Staff, and the number, structure, and staffing of the combatant commands and their subordinate service component commands, including, in particular— 
each such entity has documented and periodically validated requirements for such entity; 
Strategy, the Quadrennial Defense Review, and the National Military Strategy; and 
consolidate staff functions and services common to the Joint Staff and the service component commands into a single staff organization that provides the required functions, services, capabilities, and capacities to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and supported combatant commanders, and if so— 
such staff functions, services, capabilities, and capacities would be established; and 
(II) whether or not the military departments could execute such staff functions, services, capabilities, and capacities while executing their requirements to organize, train, and equip the Armed Forces. 
of the combatant commands to establish subordinate joint commands or headquarters, including joint task forces, led by a general or flag officer, and the extent, if any, to which the combatant commands have used such authority— 
subordinate joint commands or headquarters, including joint task forces, led by general or flag officers; 
subordinate joint commands or headquarters, including joint task forces, led by general or flag officers; 
and flag officers in the joint pool which are exempt from the end strength limitations otherwise applicable to general and flag officers in the Armed Forces; 
joint officer qualification in order to ensure the efficient and effective quality and quantity of officers needed to staff headquarters functions and services and return to the services officers with required professional experience and skills necessary to remain competitive for increased responsibility and authority through subsequent assignment or promotion, including by identifying— 
spend a disproportionate amount of time in their careers to attain joint officer qualifications with corresponding loss of opportunities to develop in the servicespecific assignments needed to gain the increased proficiency and experience to qualify for service and command assignments; and 
military departments detail officers to joint headquarters staffs in order to maximize the 
number of officers receiving joint duty credit with a focus on the quantity, instead of the quality, of officers achieving joint duty credit; 
planning groups, advisory groups, or similar parallel personal staff entities that could risk isolating function and staff processes, including an assessment of the justification used to establish such personal staff organizations and their impact on the effectiveness and efficiency of organizational staff functions, services, capabilities, and capacities; and 
(vi) to ensure the identification and management of officers serving or having served in units in subordinate service component or joint commands during combat operations and did not receive joint credit for such service. 
strengths for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2016, as follows: 
organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on active duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and 
not in units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for unsatisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. 
units or individual members of the Selected Reserve of any reserve component are released from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased proportionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 
The minimum number of military technicians (dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2016 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the following: 
dual status technicians employed by the Army Reserve as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed 595. 
nondual status technicians employed by the Air Force Reserve as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed 90. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report containing the following: 
Army force structure proposed for the futureyears defense program for fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to meet the goals of the national military strategy of the United States. 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the proposed Army force structure and the ability of such force structure to meet the operational requirements of combatant commanders. 
mandatory retirement for age of a general or flag officer serving as Chief or Deputy Chief of Chaplains of the Army, Navy, or Air Force. 
General recommendation on the definition and availability of costs associated with general and flag officers and their aides. 
component special selection boards as limited to correction of error at a mandatory promotion board. 
Force reserve component personnel to provide training and instruction regarding pilot training. 
concerned to initiate applications for correction of military records. 
pilot programs on career flexibility to enhance retention of members of the Armed Forces. 
members of the Armed Forces may carry an appropriate firearm on a military installation. 
Subtitle D—Military Justice, Including Sexual Assault and Domestic Violence Prevention and Response 
Counsel to provide legal consultation and assistance in connection with various Government proceedings. 
sexrelated offenses of the availability of assistance from Special Victims’ Counsel. 
prevention and response to sexual assaults in which the victim is a male member of the Armed Forces. 
members of the Armed Forces who report or intervene on behalf of the victim of an alleged sexrelated offence. 
States reports on prevention and response to sexual assault by the Army National Guard and the Army Reserve. 
Rules for CourtsMartial to establish certain prohibitions concerning evaluations of Special Victims’ Counsel. 
Military Rules of Evidence relating to the corroboration of a confession or admission. 
resident instruction for courses of instruction offered as part of Phase II joint professional military education. 
academies from nominations made by Delegates in Congress from the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
industry civilians to attend the United States Air Force Institute of Technology. 
programs and standards for professional credentials obtained by members of the Armed Forces. 
local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees. 
funds to support Department of Defense student meal programs in domestic dependent elementary and secondary schools located outside the United States. 
suicide prevention organizations and agencies to assist in reducing suicides by members of the Armed Forces. 
the involuntary separation of members of the Armed Forces. 
health screenings for individuals becoming members of the Armed Forces. 
under the Military Lending Act and Defense Manpower Data Center reports and meetings. 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘officers considered—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘officers considered.’’. 
MANDATORY RETIREMENT FOR AGE OF A GENERAL OR FLAG OFFICER SERVING AS CHIEF OR DEPUTY CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE ARMY, NAVY, OR AIR FORCE. 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
under some other provision of law, a warrant officer shall be retired in the highest regular or reserve warrant officer grade in which the warrant officer served satisfactorily, as determined by the Secretary concerned.’’. 
GENERAL RECOMMENDATION ON THE DEFINITION AND AVAILABILITY OF COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH GENERAL AND FLAG OFFICERS AND THEIR AIDES. 
Not later than June 30, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report describing the costs associated with general and flag officers and their enlisted and officer aides. 
RESERVE BY MEMBERS OF CONGRESS WHO ARE ALSO MEMBERS OF THE READY RESERVE. 
in the case of a Member of Congress who also is a member of the Coast Guard Reserve, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy; and 
service, taking into consideration the position and duties of the individual in the Ready Reserve. 
of Congress’ includes a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to Congress and a Member elect.’’. 
FORCE RESERVE COMPONENT PERSONNEL TO PROVIDE TRAINING AND INSTRUCTION REGARDING PILOT TRAINING. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan to eliminate shortages in the number of pilot instructors within the Air Force using authorities available to the Secretary under current law. 
of Defense shall conduct an assessment of the recommendation of the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission regarding consolidation of statutory authorities by which members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces may be ordered to perform duty. The Secretary shall specifically assess each of the six broader duty statuses recommended by the Commission as replacements for the 30 reserve component duty statuses currently authorized to determine whether consolidation will increase efficiency in the reserve components. 
CONCERNED TO INITIATE APPLICATIONS FOR CORRECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS. 
‘‘However, a board’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘The Secretary concerned may file a request for correction of a military record only if the request is made on behalf of a group of members or former members of the armed forces who were similarly harmed by the same error or injustice. A board’’. 
department may develop and provide incentives, not otherwise authorized by law, to encourage individuals to accept an appointment as a commissioned officer, to accept an appointment as a warrant officer, or to enlist in an Armed Force under the jurisdiction 
authority for the recruitment incentive under title 10 or 37, United States Code; and 
titles, or any rule or regulation prescribed under such provision, relating to methods of providing incentives to individuals to accept appointments or enlistments in the Armed Forces, including the provision of group or individual bonuses, pay, or other incentives. 
Secretary of a military department may not provide a recruitment incentive developed 
10 and 37, United States Code, from which the incentive would require a waiver and the rationale to support the waiver; 
The Secretary of a military department may not provide more than three recruitment incentives under the authority of this section. 
the authority to provide recruitment incentives under this section expires on December 31, 2020. 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is repealed. 
of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is repealed. 
of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is further amended— 
REQUIREMENTS FOR CHANGE IN GROUND COMBAT EXCLUSION POLICY FOR FEMALE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
WHICH MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES MAY CARRY AN APPROPRIATE FIREARM ON A MILITARY INSTALLATION. 
comprehensive policy regarding breastfeeding by female members of the Army who are breastfeeding. At a minimum, the policy shall address the following: 
area that will provide the member with adequate privacy and cleanliness and that includes an electrical outlet to facilitate the 
use of a breast pump. Restrooms should not be considered an appropriate location. 
when practicable, to permit the member to breastfeed or utilize a breast pump. 
THE DIVERSITY OF THE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
members of the Armed Forces come from numerous religious traditions, including Christian, Hindu, Jewish, Muslim, Sikh, nondenominational, nonpracticing, and many more. 
the Armed Forces, and service members from different backgrounds and religious traditions share the same goal of defending the United States. 
the strength in diversity that makes the United States a great nation. 
Subtitle D—Military Justice, Including Sexual Assault and Domestic Violence Prevention and Response 
United States Code (article 6b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: 
chapter is subject to an order to submit to a deposition, notwithstanding the availability of the victim to testify at the courtmartial trying the accused for the offense, the victim may petition the Court of Criminal Appeals for a writ of mandamus to quash such order. 
to the admission of evidence regarding a victim’s sexual background. 
Code, is amended by adding the following new subparagraph: 
COUNSEL TO PROVIDE LEGAL CONSULTATION AND ASSISTANCE IN CONNECTION WITH VARIOUS GOVERNMENT PROCEEDINGS. 
SEXRELATED OFFENSES OF THE AVAILABILITY OF ASSISTANCE FROM SPECIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL. 
circumstances as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating may prescribe, notice of the availability of a Special Victims’ Counsel under section 1044e of this 
title shall be provided to a member of the 
armed forces or dependent who is the victim of sexual assault before any military criminal investigator or trial counsel interviews, or requests any statement from, the member or dependent regarding the alleged sexual assault.’’. 
time period within which a Special Victims’ Counsel receives training; and 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
to locations that maximize the opportunity for facetoface communication between counsel and clients; and 
available to permit counsel and client interactions when facetoface communication is not feasible; 
to measure the effectiveness of the Special Victims’ Counsel program and client satisfaction with the program; and 
the military departments and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating will evaluate and monitor the Special Victims’ Counsel program using such guiding principles and performance measures and standards.’’. 
OF RESTRICTED REPORTING OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE MILITARY. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
assault’ includes the offenses of rape, sexual assault, forcible sodomy, aggravated sexual contact, abusive sexual contact, and attempts to commit such offenses, as punishable under applicable Federal or State law. 
District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any territory or possession of the United States.’’. 
Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3374; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by striking ‘‘not later than’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
PREVENTION AND RESPONSE TO SEXUAL ASSAULTS IN WHICH THE VICTIM IS A MALE MEMBER OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
training to more comprehensively and directly address the incidence of male members of the Armed Forces who are sexually assaulted and how certain behavior and activities, such as hazing, can constitute a sexual assault. 
which differences exist in the medical and mental healthcare needs of male and female sexual assault victims, and the care regimen, if any, that will best meet those needs. 
the changes needed to address sexual assaults of male members of the Armed Forces. 
MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO REPORT OR INTERVENE ON BEHALF OF THE VICTIM OF AN ALLEGED SEXRELATED OFFENCE. 
Defense shall develop a comprehensive strategy to prevent retaliation carried out by members of the Armed Forces against other members who report or otherwise intervene on behalf of the victim of an alleged sexrelated offence. 
methods and procedures to combat attitudes and beliefs that result in retaliation. 
shall ensure that the commander of each unit of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps and all Professors of Military Science, senior military instructors, and civilian employees detailed, assigned, or employed as administrators and instructors of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps receive regular sexual assault prevention and response training and education. 
hard copy, in accordance with existing law or regulations or additionally prescribed policy considered necessary by the Secretary of the military department concerned. 
UNITED STATES REPORTS ON PREVENTION AND RESPONSE TO SEXUAL ASSAULT BY THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD AND THE ARMY RESERVE. 
2016, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the preliminary assessment of the Comptroller General (made pursuant to a review conducted by the Comptroller General for purposes of this section) of the extent to which the Army National Guard and the Army Reserve— 
prevent and respond to incidents of sexual assault involving members of the Army National Guard or the Army Reserve, as applicable; 
services to members of the Army National Guard or the Army Reserve, as applicable, following a sexual assault; and 
service in the Army National Guard or the Army Reserve, as the case may be, poses challenges to the prevention of or response to sexual assault. 
Department of Defense process for implementing statutory changes to the Uniform Code of Military Justice for the purpose of developing options for streamlining such process. The Secretary shall adopt procedures to ensure that legal guidance is published as soon as practicable whenever statutory changes to the Uniform Code of Military Justice are implemented. 
RULES FOR COURTSMARTIAL TO ESTABLISH CERTAIN PROHIBITIONS CONCERNING EVALUATIONS OF SPECIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
MILITARY RULES OF EVIDENCE RELATING TO THE CORROBORATION OF A CONFESSION OR ADMISSION. 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘combat veteran’’. 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) 
is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
the purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible individual’ means a member of a reserve component, a member of their family, or a designated representative who the Secretary of Defense determines to be eligible for the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program.’’. 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
Guard and Reserve members and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
of the reserve components of the Armed Forces, their families,’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
‘‘members of the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
Forces and their family members’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; and 
of the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; and 
‘‘substance abuse and mental health treatment services’’ and inserting ‘‘substance abuse, mental health treatment, and other quality of life services’’; and 
Programs may make grants to conduct data collection, trend analysis, and curriculum development and to prepare reports in support of activities under this section.’’. 
of section 582 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(ii) decreasing the isolation of eligible individuals during such period; and 
‘‘(iv) ensuring that eligible individuals understand what benefits they are entitled to and what resources are available to help them overcome the challenges of reintegration; and 
appropriate pay for days spent attending such events and activities. 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
phases’’ through the end of the subsection and inserting ‘‘wellbeing.’’; 
(ii) in the heading, by striking ‘‘; DEPLOY MENT CYCLE ’’; 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Substance Abuse and the Mental Health Services Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration’’. 
COUNSELING FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES DISCHARGED OR RELEASED AFTER LIMITED ACTIVE DUTY. 
member’s first 180 days of active duty’’ and inserting ‘‘the first 180 continuous days of active duty of the member’’; and 
‘‘(ii) the member attended, while in the active military service, a school designated as a service school by law or by the Secretary concerned.’’. 
is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, when the Coast Guard is not operating within the Department of the Navy. 
INRESIDENT INSTRUCTION FOR COURSES OF INSTRUCTION OFFERED AS PART OF PHASE II JOINT PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION. 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, or offered through,’’ after ‘‘taught in residence at’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
educational assistance under this chapter shall terminate on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
any other provision of this chapter, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 and ending on 
the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of that Act, educational assistance may be provided under this chapter only to a member otherwise eligible for educational assistance under this chapter who received educational assistance under this chapter for a course of study at an educational institution for the enrollment period at the educational institution that immediately preceded the date of the enactment of that Act.’’. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 1607 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
ACADEMIES FROM NOMINATIONS MADE BY DELEGATES IN CONGRESS FROM THE VIRGIN ISLANDS, GUAM, AMERICAN SAMOA, AND THE COMMONWEALTH OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS. 
made by this section shall apply with respect to the nomination of candidates for appointment to the United States Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, and the United States Air Force Academy for classes entering these military service academies after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
agreement shall contain a provision that allows the Secretary, at the Secretary’s discretion, to review the financial accounts of the Association to determine whether the operations of the Association— 
appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of the Army. 
shall not apply to any leases the Secretary may enter into with the Association for the purpose of supporting the athletic programs of the Academy. 
this subsection, the term ‘support services’ includes utilities, office furnishings and equipment, communications services, records staging and archiving, audio and video support, and security systems in conjunction with the leasing or licensing of property. 
United States Army Garrison, West Point, New York; and 
Any such support services may only be provided without any liability of the United States to the Association. 
31, the Secretary may accept from the Association funds, supplies, and services for the support of the athletic programs of the Academy. For the purposes of this section, employees or personnel of the Association may not be considered to be employees of the United States. 
of the trademark or service mark would compromise the integrity or appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of the Army, or any individual involved in such a program. 
funds received by the Secretary under this section may be retained for use in support of the athletic programs of the Academy and shall remain available until expended. 
in this section with respect to the Association is available only so long as the Association continues— 
the term ‘Association’ means the Army West Point Athletic Association.’’. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 403 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘will be done on a spaceavailable basis and not require an increase in the size of the faculty’’ and inserting ‘‘will not require an increase in the permanently authorized size of the faculty’’. 
as amended by section 551 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3376), is further amended— 
bodies specified in this paragraph are requirements that an accreditation body— 
place mechanisms to ensure objectivity and impartiality in its accreditation activities; 
to verify the documents and records submitted by credentialing bodies for accreditation; 
to ensure due process when addressing complaints and appeals regarding its accreditation activities; 
consistent and reliable decisions among reviewers conducting accreditations; and 
by striking ‘‘he receives’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual receives’’; 
and practices of the Departments (including the military departments) with respect to job training and postservice placement programs; and 
States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘12304,’’ the following: ‘‘12304a, 12304b,’’. 
Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act (Public Law 114–2; 38 U.S.C. 1712A note) is amended— 
‘‘(ii) participated in a peer support program under the pilot program for veterans transitioning from serving on active duty.’’. 
Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 pursuant to section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defensewide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $5,000,000 shall be available for payments under section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–77; 20 U.S.C. 7703a). 
FUNDS TO SUPPORT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STUDENT MEAL PROGRAMS IN DOMESTIC DEPENDENT ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
education system’’ and inserting ‘‘overseas defense dependents’ schools’’; and 
system’’ and inserting ‘‘students enrolled in such a school’’; 
to support student meal programs in overseas defense dependents’ schools’’ . 
support student meal programs in overseas defense dependents’ schools.’’. 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1785 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1785 note) is amended to read as follows: 
under this subsection shall include the following for each pilot program: 
address family support requirements not being provided by the Secretary of a military department to immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. 
pilot program on the readiness of members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. 
other programs conducted by the Secretaries of the military departments to provide family support to immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces. 
the lessons learned from the pilot program into family support programs conducted by the Secretaries of the military departments. 
DISTINGUISHEDSERVICE CROSS FOR ACTS OF EXTRAORDINARY HEROISM DURING THE KOREAN WAR. 
specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the DistinguishedService Cross under 
section 3742 of such title to Edward Halcomb who, while serving in Korea as a member of the United States Army in the grade of Private First Class in Company B, 1st Battalion, 29th Infantry Regiment, 24th Infantry Division, distinguished himself by acts of extraordinary heroism from August 20, 1950, to October 19, 1950, during the Korean War. 
within the Department of Defense regarding interaction with such organizations; 
reporting material the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the policy. 
ON THE INVOLUNTARY SEPARATION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
HEALTH SCREENINGS FOR INDIVIDUALS BECOMING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the feasibility of conducting, before the enlistment or accession of an individual into the Armed Forces, a mental health screening of the individual to bring mental health screenings to parity with physical screenings of prospective members. 
composition of the mental health screening, evidencedbased best practices, and how to track changes in mental health screenings relating to traumatic brain injuries, post traumatic stress disorder, and other conditions. 
the issuance by the Secretary of Defense of the regulation issued with regard to section 987 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the Military Lending Act), and part of 232 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations (its implementing regulation), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that discusses— 
Defense Manpower Data Center shall submit to the congressional defense committees reports on the accuracy, reliability, and integrity of the Defense Manpower Data Center systems used to identify covered borrowers and covered policyholders under military consumer protection laws. The first report is due six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and the Director shall submit additional reports every six months thereafter through December 31, 2020, to show improvements in the accuracy, reliability, and integrity of such systems. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Manpower Data Center shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on plans to strengthen the capabilities of the Defense Manpower Data Center systems, including staffing levels and funding, in order to improve the identification of covered borrowers and covered 
Manpower Data Center shall meet regularly with private sector users of Defense Manpower Data Center systems used to identify covered borrowers and covered policyholders under military consumer protection laws to learn about issues facing such users and to develop ways of addressing such issues. The first meeting pursuant to this requirement shall take place with three months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on remotely piloted aircraft career field manning levels and actions the Air Force will take to rectify personnel shortfalls. 
manned combat aircraft systems and units with respect to personnel policies, manpower authorization levels, and projected personnel inventory. 
of actions the Air Force will take to increase remotely piloted aircraft career field manpower authorizations and manning levels to at least the equal of the normative levels of 
manning and readiness of all other combat aircraft career fields. 
temporary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing under certain circumstances. 
bonus and special pay authorities for health care professionals. 
relating to title 37 consolidated special pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities. 
relating to payment of other title 37 bonuses and special pays. 
bonus to encourage Army personnel to refer persons for enlistment in the Army. 
Subtitle E—Commissary and NonAppropriated Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
for the defense commissary system and the military exchange system. 
States report on the Commissary Surcharge, Nonappropriated Fund, and PrivatelyFinanced Major Construction Program. 
Code, shall be applied for rates of basic pay payable for commissioned officers in pay grades O–7 through O–10 during calendar year 2016 by using the rate of pay for level II of the Executive Schedule in effect during 2014. The rates of basic pay payable for such officers shall not increase during calendar year 2016. 
eligible for a supplemental subsistence allowance under this section only if the member is serving outside the United States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, or Guam.’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may not exceed one percent.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘may not exceed the following: 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
In administering the supplemental nutrition assistance program established under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), the Secretary of Agriculture shall ensure that any safeguards that prevent the use or disclosure of information obtained from applicant households shall not prevent the use of that information by, or the disclosure of that information to, the Secretary of Defense for purposes of determining the number of applicant households that contain one or more members of a regular component or reserve component of the Armed Forces. 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORITIES FOR HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS. 
sections of title 10, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
of education loans for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. 
sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
for Selected Reserve health professionals in critically short wartime specialties. 
bonus for medical officers in critically short wartime specialties. 
bonus for dental specialist officers in critically short wartime specialties. 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
RELATING TO TITLE 37 CONSOLIDATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND BONUS AUTHORITIES. 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. 
bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
RELATING TO PAYMENT OF OTHER TITLE 37 BONUSES AND SPECIAL 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
pay for members of precommissioning programs pursuing foreign language proficiency. 
bonus for conversion to military occupational specialty to ease personnel shortage. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000’’. 
section 334 of title 37, United States Code, is amended— 
pay aviation incentive pay under this section to an officer who is otherwise qualified for such pay but who is not currently engaged in the performance of operational flying duty or proficiency flying duty if the Secretary determines, under regulations prescribed under section 374 of this title, that payment of aviation incentive pay to that officer is in the best interests of the service.’’. 
AVIATION INCENTIVE PAY TO MEDICAL OFFICERS PERFORMING FLIGHT SURGEON DUTIES .— 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the empirical case for an increase in special and incentive pay for aviation officers in order to address a specific, statisticallybased retention problem with respect to such officers. The report shall include the results of a study, conducted by the Secretary in connection with the case, on a marketbased compensation approach to the retention of such officers 
that considers the pay and allowances offered by commercial airlines to pilots and the propensity of pilots to leave the Air Force to become commercial airline pilots. 
PAY BONUS TO ENCOURAGE ARMY PERSONNEL TO REFER PERSONS FOR ENLISTMENT IN THE ARMY. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 333 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 3252. 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(including during a humanitarian relief operation)’’ after ‘‘located or serving overseas’’. 
481f of title 37, United States Code, is amended— 
the United States shall conduct a study on the impact of the policy changes to the Joint Travel Regulations for the Uniformed Service Members and Department of Defense Civilian Employees related to flat rate per diem for long term temporary duty travel that took effect on November 1, 2014. The study shall assess the following: 
employees of the Department of Defense, including civilian employees at shipyards and depots, from volunteering for important temporary duty travel assignments. 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
applied by substituting ‘60 percent’ for ‘75 percent’; and 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
shall be applied by substituting ‘60 percent’ for ‘75 percent’; and 
1⁄2% of years of service credited to him under section 1208’’ and inserting ‘‘the retired pay multiplier determined for the member under section 1409 of this title’’; and 
1⁄2% of years of service credited to him under section 1208’’ and inserting ‘‘the retired pay multiplier determined for the member under section 1409 of this title’’; and 
(iii) in column 2 of each of formula number 
354 of title 37, United States Code, is amended— 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
pay a new bonus under this section after December 31, 2017. 
under section 1409 of such title for the number of years of service that may be credited to the officer under section 1405 of such title as if the officer’s service were service as a member of the Armed Forces.’’. 
OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES IN THE THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN. 
given the term in section 211 of title 37; and 
meaning given the term in section 101 of title 37.’’. 
section 8440e of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
any other provision of law, the Secretary concerned shall make contributions to the Thrift Savings Fund, in accordance with section 8432 (except to the extent the requirements under such section are modified by this subsection), for the benefit of a member— 
service in the uniformed services as of December 31, 2017; and 
‘‘(ii) ends on the day such member completes 26 years of service as a member of the uniformed services. 
‘‘(ii) ends on the day such member completes 26 years of service as a member of the uniformed services. 
TSP member in the same manner as such section is applied to an employee or Member under such section.’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
member of the uniformed services shall be considered to have separated from Government employment if the member is discharged or released from service in the uniformed services.’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); or 
‘‘(ii) 25 percent of the amount of such covered retired pay during such period; and 
retired pay the person would receive for the period, taking into account costofliving adjustments under section 1401a of this title projected by the Secretary at the time the person separates from service and would otherwise begin receiving covered retired pay; and 
(as defined and calculated by the Secretary taking into consideration applicable and reputable studies of personal discount rates for military personnel and past actuarial experience in the calculation of personal discount rates under this paragraph); and 
receive a lump sum payment under this subsection in a single payment or in a combination of payments. 
of the retirement of the eligible person from the uniformed services. 
is a member of a reserve component, not later than 60 days after the earlier of— 
sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
section 1413a or 1414 of title 10, the amount of pension and compensation benefits payable to a person under this title shall be reduced by the amount of any lump sum payment made to such person under section 1415 of title 10. 
chapter 5 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
at 12 years of service multiplied by 2.5; plus 
which the member would be entitled at 12 years of service if the member were a member of a regular component multiplied by 0.5; plus 
sections at the beginning of chapter 5 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
made by this part shall take effect on January 1, 2018. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Natural Resources, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 37, United States Code. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
SPOUSE BENEFICIARY .—If a person’s participation in the Plan is discontinued by reason of the death of a former spouse beneficiary, the person may elect to resume participation in the Plan and to elect a new spouse beneficiary as follows: 
the time of the death of the former spouse beneficiary may elect to provide coverage to that person’s spouse. Such an election must be received by the Secretary concerned within one year after the date of death of the former spouse beneficiary. 
married at the time of the death of the former spouse beneficiary and who later marries may elect to provide spouse coverage. Such an election must be received by the Secretary concerned within one year after the date on which that person marries. 
is effective as of the first day of the first calendar month following the death of the former spouse beneficiary. 
is effective as of the first day of the first calendar month following the month in which the election is received by the Secretary 
paragraph shall be in writing, signed by the participant, and made in such form and manner as the Secretary concerned may prescribe. 
of this Act had a former spouse beneficiary under the Survivor Benefit Plan who died before that date; and 
this Act is married, may elect to provide spouse coverage for such spouse under the Plan, regardless of whether the person married such spouse before or after the death of the former spouse beneficiary. Any such election may only be made during the oneyear period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
AT LEAST A YEAR AT DEATH FORMER SPOUSE .— 
If the person providing the annuity was married to the spouse beneficiary for at least one year at the time of the death of the former spouse beneficiary, the effective date of such election shall be the first day of the first month after the death of the former spouse beneficiary. 
providing the annuity married the spouse beneficiary after (or during the oneyear period preceding) the death of the former spouse beneficiary, the effective date of the election shall be the first day of the first month following the first anniversary of the person’s marriage to the spouse beneficiary. 
Subtitle E—Commissary and NonAppropriated Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
FOR THE DEFENSE COMMISSARY SYSTEM AND THE MILITARY EXCHANGE SYSTEM. 
the commissary and exchange benefit systems the Secretary considers appropriate to obtain budgetneutrality in the delivery of commissary and exchange benefits, including 
processes, practices, and systems to exploit synergies between the operations of defense commissaries and exchanges and to optimize the operations of the resale system and the benefits provided by the commissaries and exchanges. 
Secretary shall ensure that the level of savings to commissary and exchange patrons under any pilot program under this subsection is not less than the level of savings to such patrons before the implementation of such pilot program, as follows: 
the Secretary shall establish a baseline of savings to patrons achieved for each commissary or exchange to participate in such pilot program by comparing prices charged by such commissary or exchange for a representative market basket of goods to prices charged by local competitors for the same market basket of goods. 
title 10, United States Code, that will be waived in the conduct of the pilot program. 
(ii) Such recommendations for administrative or legislative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program. 
UNITED STATES REPORT ON THE COMMISSARY SURCHARGE, NONAPPROPRIATED FUND, AND PRIVATELYFINANCED MAJOR CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the Commissary Surcharge, Nonappropriated Fund and PrivatelyFinanced Major Construction Program of the Department of Defense. 
of the military departments have developed and implemented policies and procedures to comply with the policies and directives of the Department of Defense for the submittal to such committees of Congress of notice on such construction projects. 
Defense has established policies and procedures to notify such committees of Congress when such construction projects have been commenced without notice to Congress. 
strengthen arrangements with other departments and agencies of the Federal Government and nonprofit organizations in order to improve the financial literacy and preparedness of members of the Armed Forces; and 
section 992 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
‘‘CONSUMER EDUCATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘F INANCIAL LITERACY TRAINING ’’; 
station, in the case of a member in pay grade E–4 or below or in pay grade O–3 or below; 
receive continuation pay under section 356 of title 37, at which time the training shall include, at a minimum, information on options available to the member regarding the use of continuation pay; 
to a reserve component; ‘‘(ii) separation from service; or 
on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives.’’. 
INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS OF INCENTIVE PAYS, ALLOWANCES, AND SIMILAR BENEFITS WHEN PAYMENT IS DUE. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
sections at the beginning of chapter 19 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
payments caused by administrative error under the TRICARE program. 
to measure data on mental health care provided by the Department of Defense. 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (10 U.S.C. 1097a note) is amended to read as follows: 
than 100 miles from a military medical treatment facility; and 
‘‘(ii) is such an eligible beneficiary by reason of service in the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps.’’. 
to or greater than 50 cents, the amount of the increase shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1. 
‘‘(II) If the amount of the increase is less 
BENEFITS COVERAGE TO INCLUDE DISCHARGED AND RELEASED MEMBERS OF THE SELECTED RESERVE. 
1078a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
the Ready Reserve of a reserve component of the armed forces who— 
in the Selected Reserve, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, under other than adverse 
or release, is enrolled in TRICARE Reserve Select; and 
not otherwise be eligible for any benefits under this chapter.’’. 
the member from service in the Selected Reserve; and 
Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
In this section, the term ‘TRICARE Reserve Select’ means TRICARE Standard coverage provided under section 1076d of this title.’’. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish health care access standards for the receipt of health care under TRICARE Prime, whether received at military medical treatment facilities or from health care providers in the preferred provider network of TRICARE Prime. 
maternity care, gynecological care, and other subcategories of primary care. 
Prime’’ means the managed care option of the TRICARE program. 
fiscal year 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘after September 30, 2008’’. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1095f the following new section: 
administrative error by an employee of the Department of Defense or a contractor under the TRICARE program. 
minor, the parent or guardian of the individual) had a good faith, reasonable belief that the individual was entitled to the benefit of such payment under this chapter. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 55 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1095f the following new item: 
SAFETY, QUALITY OF CARE, SATISFACTION, AND HEALTH OUTCOME MEASURES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall publish on a publically available Internet website of the Department of Defense data on all measures that the Secretary considers appropriate that are used by the Department to assess patient safety, quality of care, patient satisfaction, and health outcomes for health care provided under the TRICARE program at each military medical treatment facility. 
and access to care at military medical treatment facilities, including— 
practitioners providing health care in military medical treatment facilities that were reported to the National Practitioner Data Bank during the year preceding the evaluation; and 
such facility, including any recommendations for corrective action made by the relevant accrediting body; 
‘‘(ii) any policies or procedures implemented during such year by the Secretary of the military department concerned that were designed to improve patient safety, quality of care, and access to care at such facility; 
‘‘(iv) data on appointment wait times during such year; and 
and access to care as compared to standards established by the Department of Defense with respect to patient safety, quality of care, and access to care.’’. 
shall ensure that covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program who are covered under a health plan under such program are able to seamlessly access health care under such health plan in each TRICARE program region. 
transfer between such contractors of information relating to covered beneficiaries who 
are relocating between such regions, including demographic, enrollment, and claims information; and 
able to obtain a new primary health care provider within ten days of— 
available on the primary Internet website that is available to the public of each current contractor responsible for administering the TRICARE program. 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
June 1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly establish a joint uniform formulary for the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense with respect to pharmaceutical agents that are critical for the transition of an individual from receiving treatment furnished by the Secretary of Defense to treatment furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
shall be construed to prohibit the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from each maintaining the respective uniform formularies of the Department of the Secretary. 
Schools and Colleges Commission on Institutions of Higher Education (NEASCCIHE). 
meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
Armed Forces and family members and caregivers of members of the Armed Forces. 
based treatments that have been approved by the Department for the treatment of mental health issues among members of the Armed Forces. 
PROVIDER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘nonDepartment mental health care 
psychiatric nurses, social workers, mental health counselors, marriage and family therapists, and other mental health care providers designated by the Secretary of Defense. 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish clinical practice guidelines for health care providers employed by the Department of Defense on standards of care with respect to methods of contraception and counseling on methods of contraception for members of the Armed Forces. 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall ensure that women members of 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSEDEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND. 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3414). 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program to allow a covered beneficiary under the TRICARE program access to urgent care visits without the need for preauthorization for such visits. 
out the pilot program for a period of three years. 
The Secretary shall incorporate the nurse advise line of the Department into the pilot program to direct covered beneficiaries seeking access to care to the source of the most appropriate level of health care required to treat the medical conditions of the beneficiaries, including urgent care under the pilot program. 
Internet website of each military medical treatment facility; and 
available on the primary publically available Internet website of each current managed care contractor that has established a health care provider network under the TRICARE program. 
covered beneficiaries to the use by covered beneficiaries of emergency departments in 
military medical treatment facilities and the TRICARE purchased care provider network, including an analysis of whether the pilot program decreases the inappropriate use of medical care in emergency departments. 
which the nurse advice line of the Department affected both urgent care and emergency department use by covered beneficiaries in military medical treatment facilities and the TRICARE purchased care provider network. 
(iv) An analysis of any cost savings to the 
(vi) An analysis of the satisfaction of covered beneficiaries with the pilot program. 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall commence the conduct of a pilot program under section 1092 of title 10, United States Code, to assess whether a reduction in the rate of increase in health care spending by the Department of Defense and an enhancement of the operation of the military health system may be achieved by developing and implementing valuebased incentive programs to encourage health care providers under the TRICARE program (including physicians, hospitals, and others involved in providing health care to patients) to improve the following: 
would impact the receipt of health care under the TRICARE program by such covered beneficiaries; 
such covered beneficiaries will have timely access to health care during operation of the incentive program; 
are used to ensure adequate evaluation of the feasibility and advisability of implementing the incentive program throughout the TRICARE program. 
an incentive program under this section, the Secretary may adapt a valuebased incentive program conducted by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services or any other governmental or commercial health care program. 
Secretary to carry out the pilot program under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2019. 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until the termination of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot program. 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
FUNDS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter, the Secretary of 
Defense shall submit to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs such information in the possession of the Secretary of Defense as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs considers necessary to supplement and support— 
included in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry established by the Department of Veterans Affairs under section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note); and 
conducted by the Department of Veterans Affairs to explore the potential health risks of exposure by members of the Armed Forces to environmental factors in Iraq and Afghanistan, in particular the connection of such exposure to respiratory illnesses such as chronic cough, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, constrictive bronchiolitis, and pulmonary fibrosis. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a plan for the Department of Defense to develop procedures to compile and assess data relating to the following: 
by mental health care providers of the Department of the clinical practice guidelines and other evidencebased treatments and approaches recommended for such providers by the Secretary. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a comprehensive report setting forth the current and future plans of the Secretary, with estimated dates of completion, to carry out the following: 
with respect to the provision of such health care. 
health care provided in military medical treatment facilities with performance measures for health care provided through purchased care. 
in military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
services to improve access to care, coordination of care, and the experience of care in military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
the Department with respect to health care provided in military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care to improve the quality of such care, patient safety, and patient satisfaction. 
system, including by adoption of common measures for access to care, quality of care, safety, and patient satisfaction, that holds medical leadership throughout the Department accountable for sustained improvement of performance. 
quality health care in all military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
can be achieved within the estimated dates of completion set forth by the Department under such subsection. 
plan would require legislation for the implementation of such plan. 
health care provided pursuant to a contract entered into under the TRICARE program. 
‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
GAMBLING AND PROBLEM GAMBLING BEHAVIOR AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
of the United States shall conduct a study on gambling among members of the Armed Forces. 
military installations, disaggregated by each military department, the number, type, and location of such gaming facilities. 
particular risks for problem gambling among members of the Armed Forces, including 
such recommendations for policies and programs to be carried out by the Department to address problem gambling as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. 
the Department for alcohol abuse, illegal substance abuse, and tobacco addiction with treatment programs of the Department for problem gambling; and 
training for military health care personnel on providing treatment for problem gambling would be beneficial. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations 
each major defense acquisition program, major automated information system, and major system. 
to risk management in development of major defense acquisition programs and major systems. 
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evaluation and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Systems Engineering. 
Business Opportunity Specialists, commercial market representatives, and procurement center representatives. 
qualified HUBZone small business concerns located in a base closure area. 
industrial capability assessments of a determination about defense acquisition program requirements. 
cost increases and schedule delays resulting from oversight of defense acquisition programs. 
from authority to acquire goods and services manufactured in Afghanistan, Central Asian States, and Djibouti. 
method for procurement of audit or audit readiness services. 
State and local purchases when the Department of Defense acts as contract intermediary for the General Services Administration. 
contracting for smaller contract actions under the Truth in Negotiations Act. 
RELATED FUNCTIONS OF THE CHIEFS OF STAFF OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall conduct a review of their current individual authorities provided in sections 3033, 5033, 8033, and 5043 of title 10, United States Code, and other relevant statutes and regulations related to defense acquisitions for the purpose of developing such recommendations as the Chief concerned or the Commandant considers necessary to further or advance the role of the Chief concerned or the Commandant in the development of requirements, acquisition processes, and the associated budget practices of the Department of Defense. 
the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall each submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing, at a minimum, the following: 
Commandant is taking, if any, within the Chief’s or Commandant’s existing authority to implement such recommendations. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2546 the following new section: 
of the defense acquisition system to meet the needs of its customers in the most cost effective manner practicable. The acquisition policies, directives, and regulations of the Department of Defense shall be modified as necessary to ensure the development and implementation of a customeroriented acquisition system. 
a major defense acquisition program shall be responsible for balancing resources against priorities on the acquisition program and ensuring that appropriate tradeoffs are made among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance on a continuing basis throughout the life of the acquisition program.’’. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 149 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2546 the following new item: 
resources and priorities, and associated tradeoffs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance on major defense acquisition programs.’’; and 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is amended to read as follows: 
Armed Force concerned informed of the progress of major defense acquisition programs; 
Staff on cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance tradeoffs are strongly considered by program managers and program executive officers in all phases of the acquisition process.’’. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended to read as follows: 
of any supplies and associated support services that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense, are urgently needed to eliminate a documented deficiency that has resulted in combat casualties, or is likely to result in combat casualties, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accomplish the rapid acquisition and deployment of the needed supplies and associated support services. 
of the needed supplies and associated support services. In a case in which the needed supplies and associated support services cannot be acquired without an extensive delay, the senior official shall require that an interim solution be implemented and deployed using the procedures developed under this section to minimize adverse consequences resulting from the urgent need. 
only be used to acquire supplies and associated support services— 
‘‘(ii) The amount anticipated to be expended for the acquisition. 
sufficient to fulfill any requirement to provide notification to Congress for a new start program. 
provided in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
under this subsection shall transition to the normal acquisition system not later than 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, in consultation with the Comptroller of the Department of Defense and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall establish guidance for a ‘‘middle tier’’ of acquisition programs that are intended to be completed in a period of two to five years. 
pathway shall provide for the use of proven technologies to field production quantities of new or upgraded systems with minimal development required. The objective of an acquisition program under this pathway shall be to begin production within six months and complete fielding within five years of the development of an approved requirement. 
military departments on rapid prototype projects, to ensure an appropriate commitment to the success of such projects; 
and addressing issues of logistics support and system interoperability. 
the military department concerned shall appoint a program manager for such program from among candidates from among civilian employees or members of the Armed Forces who have significant and relevant experience managing large and complex programs. 
shall report with respect to such program directly, without intervening review or approval, to the service acquisition executive of the military department concerned. 
military department concerned shall evaluate the job performance of such manager on an annual basis. In conducting an evaluation under this paragraph, a service acquisition executive shall consider the extent to which the manager has achieved the objectives of the program for which the manager is responsible, including quality, timeliness, and cost objectives. 
streamlined program shall be authorized staff positions for a technical staff, including experts in business management, contracting, auditing, engineering, testing, and logistics, to enable the manager to manage the program without the technical assistance of another organizational unit of an agency to the maximum extent practicable. 
streamlined program shall be authorized, in coordination with the users of the equipment and capability to be acquired and the test community, to make tradeoffs among life cycle costs, requirements, and schedules to meet the goals of the program. 
streamlined program shall be provided a process to expeditiously seek a waiver from Congress from any statutory or regulatory requirement that the program manager determines adds little or no value to the management of the program. 
shall establish a fund to be known as the ‘‘Department of Defense Rapid Prototyping Fund’’ to provide funds, in addition to other funds that may be available for acquisition programs under the rapid prototyping pathway established pursuant to this section. The Fund shall be managed by a senior official of the Department of Defense designated by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. The Fund shall consist of amounts appropriated to the Fund and amounts credited to the Fund pursuant to section 828 of this Act. 
rapid prototyping pathway established pursuant to this section. Any amount so transferred shall be credited to the account to which it is transferred. The transfer authority provided in this subsection is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish procedures for alternative acquisition pathways to acquire capital assets and services that meet critical national security needs. The procedures shall— 
based on the capabilities being bought and the time needed to deploy these capabilities; and 
the vital national security interest of the United States; 
to be waived would impede the acquisition of the capability in a manner that would undermine the national security of the United States; and 
regulation to be waived can be addressed in a different manner or at a different time. 
award of contracts for the capability to be acquired. 
of the provision would impede the acquisition in a manner that would undermine the national security of the United States; and 
which the underlying purpose of the law or regulation to be waived will be addressed. 
United States Cyber Command shall be responsible for, and shall have the authority to conduct, the following acquisition activities: 
authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of Defense, the Commander shall have authority to exercise the functions of the head of an agency under chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code. 
to ensure that the Command is appropriately represented in any joint working group or integrated product team regarding acquisition programs for which the Command is a customer. 
The command acquisition executive of the United States Cyber Command shall be— 
shall provide the United States Cyber Command with the personnel or funding equivalent to ten fulltime equivalent personnel to support the Commander in fulfilling the acquisition responsibilities provided for under this section with experience in— 
provided under this subsection shall be provided from among the existing personnel of the Department of Defense. 
of a combatant command for which funding may be requested under section 166 of title 10, United States Code, the budget proposal of the United States Cyber Command shall include requests for funding for— 
capabilities or services that are peculiar to cyber operations activities. 
Each year, the Cyber Investment Management Board shall review and assess the acquisition activities of the United States 
Cyber Command, including contracting and acquisition documentation, for the previous fiscal year, and provide any recommendations or feedback to the acquisition executive of Cyber Command. 
does not include major defense acquisition programs, major automated information system programs, or acquisitions of foundational infrastructure or software architectures the duration of which is expected to last more than five years. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall each submit to the congressional defense committees a report on efforts to link and streamline the requirements, acquisition, and budget processes within the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, respectively. 
that will link and streamline the requirements, acquisition, and budget processes of the Armed Force concerned; and 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish under the sponsorship of the Defense Acquisition University and the National Defense University an advisory panel on streamlining acquisition regulations. 
amendment or repeal of such regulations that the panel considers necessary, as a result of such review, to— 
years after the date on which the Secretary of Defense establishes the advisory panel, the panel shall transmit a final report to the Secretary. 
regulation and a recommendation as to whether the regulation and related law (if applicable) should be retained, modified, or repealed; and 
to the Secretary of Defense for purposes of providing the interim reports required under this paragraph. 
after receiving the final report of the advisory panel, the Secretary of Defense shall transmit the final report, together with such comments as the Secretary determines appropriate, to the congressional defense committees. 
of Defense may use amounts available in the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund established under section 1705 of title 10, United States Code, to support activities of the advisory panel under this section. 
The Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall review the requirements process with the goal of establishing an agile and streamlined system that develops requirements that provide stability 
and foundational direction for acquisition programs and shall determine the advisability of providing a timebased or phased distinction between capabilities needed to be deployed urgently, within 2 years, within 5 years, and longer than 5 years. 
The Secretary of Defense shall review and ensure that the acquisition and budgeting systems are structured to meet timebased 
or phased requirements in a manner that is predictable, cost effective, and efficient and takes advantage of emerging technological developments. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations 
section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘substantial’’ and inserting ‘‘significant’’. 
‘‘(ii) does not relate to a contract or subcontract under the offset agreement for work performed in such foreign country or by such foreign firm that is directly related to the weapon system or defenserelated item being purchased under the contract.’’. 
release restriction that is asserted with respect to technical data of a contractor or subcontractor for a major system or a subsystem or component thereof on the basis that the major weapon system, subsystem, or component was developed exclusively at private expense— 
if the component is a commercially available offtheshelf item or a commercially available offtheshelf item with modifications of a type customarily available in the commercial marketplace or minor modifications made to meet Federal Government requirements; and 
use or release restriction shall be sustained unless information provided by the contractor or subcontractor demonstrates that the item was developed exclusively at private expense.’’. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, shall establish a Governmentindustry advisory panel for the purpose of reviewing sections 2320 and 2321 of title 10, United States Code, regarding rights in technical data and the validation of proprietary data restrictions and the regulations implementing such sections, for the 
purpose of ensuring that such statutory and regulatory requirements are best structured to serve the interests of the taxpayers and the national defense. 
chaired by an individual selected by the Under Secretary, and the Under Secretary shall ensure that— 
contractors are appropriately rewarded for their innovation and invention. 
such section is amended by striking ‘‘only when such purchases are made in quantity’’ and inserting ‘‘only when such purchases are made in quantities greater than necessary for experimentation, technical evaluation, assessment of operational utility, or safety or to provide a residual operational capability’’. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2371a the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2371b. Authority of the Department of Defense to carry out certain prototype projects 
designated by the Secretary of Defense may, under the authority of section 2371 of this title, carry out prototype projects that are directly relevant to enhancing the mission effectiveness of military personnel and the supporting platforms, systems, components, or materials proposed to be acquired or developed by the Department of Defense, or to improvement of platforms, systems, components, or materials in use by the armed forces. 
‘‘(ii) the use of the authority of this section is essential to promoting the success of the prototype project; and 
project that is expected to cost the Department of Defense in excess of $250,000,000 (including all options) only if— 
‘‘(II) the use of the authority of this section is essential to meet critical national security objectives; and 
are notified in writing at least 30 days before such authority is exercised. 
not apply with respect to a party or entity, or a subordinate element of a party or entity, that has not entered into any other agreement that provides for audit access by a Government entity in the year prior to the date of the agreement. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that no official of an agency enters into a transaction (other than a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement) for a prototype project under the authority of this section unless one of the following conditions is met: 
defense contractor participating to a significant extent in the prototype project. 
transaction other than the Federal Government are small businesses or nontraditional defense contractors. 
the prototype project is to be paid out of funds provided by parties to the transaction other than the Federal Government. 
the agency determines in writing that exceptional circumstances justify the use of a transaction that provides for innovative business arrangements or structures that would not be feasible or appropriate under a contract, or would provide an opportunity to expand the defense supply base in a manner that would not be practical or feasible under a contract. 
incur the costs before the transaction became effective in order to ensure the successful implementation of the transaction. 
small business concern as defined under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
into under this section for a prototype project may provide for the award of a followon production contract or transaction to the participants in the transaction. 
the selection of parties for participation in the transaction; and 
successfully completed the prototype project provided for in the transaction. 
into under the authority of this section shall be treated as a Federal agency procurement for the purposes of chapter 21 of title 41.’’. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2371a the following new item: 
‘‘2371b. Authority of the Department of Defense to carry out certain prototype projects.’’. 
for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended to read as follows: 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue updated guidance to implement the amendments made by this section. 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an assessment of— 
FOR EACH MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM, MAJOR AUTOMATED INFORMATION SYSTEM, AND MAJOR SYSTEM. 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2431 the following new section: 
There shall be an acquisition strategy for each major defense acquisition program, each major automated information system, and each major system approved by a milestone decision authority. 
methods as competitive prototyping at the system, subsystem, or component level, in accordance with section 2431b of this title. 
to ensure competition at the system and subsystem level throughout the lifecycle of the program or system in accordance with section 2337 of this title. 
‘‘(ii) how the plans for the program or system to reduce risk enable the use of fixed price elements in subsequent contracts and the timing of the use of those fixed price elements; 
‘‘(iii) market research; and ‘‘(iv) consideration of small business participation. 
foreign military sales and cooperative opportunities, in accordance with section 2350a of this title. 
maintenance, and sustainment in accordance with sections 2464 and 2466 of this title. 
direction, and control of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, the milestone decision authority shall review and approve, as appropriate, the acquisition strategy for a major defense acquisition program, major automated information system, or major system at each of the following times: 
‘‘(ii) a critical change to the cost of the 
of the program or system; or ‘‘(iv) a significant change to the performance of the program or system. 
program’ has the meaning provided in section 2430 of this title. 
means a decision to enter into technology maturation and risk reduction pursuant to guidance prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for the management of Department of Defense acquisition programs. 
respect to a major defense acquisition program, major automated information system, or major system, means the capacity to manage the program or system through the use of highly qualified organizations and personnel with appropriate experience, knowledge, and skills. 
schedule’, with respect to a major defense acquisition program, major automated information system, or major system, means any schedule delay greater than six months in a reported event.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2431 the following new item: 
Under Secretary of Defense for’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘opportunities for such cooperative research and development shall be addressed in the acquisition strategy for the project’’; and 
recommendation of the Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘A recommendation to the milestone decision authority’’. 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is repealed. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2431a (as added by section 821) the following new section: 
the system, subsystem, or component level and competitive prototyping, where appropriate) and, if prototyping at either the system, subsystem, or component level is not used, an explanation of why it is not appropriate. 
that modeling and simulation will assess, and identification of the need for development of any new modeling and simulation tools in order to support the comprehensive strategy. 
the maximum extent practicable and consistent with the economical use of available financial resources, the milestone decision authority for each major defense acquisition program shall ensure that the acquisition strategy for the program provides for— 
terms ‘major defense acquisition program’ and ‘major system’ have the meanings provided in section 2431a of this title.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2431a, as so added, the following new item: 
‘‘2431b. Risk reduction in major defense acquisition programs and major systems.’’. 
Section 203 of the Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 (10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is repealed. 
Milestone A approval for a major defense acquisition program or a major subprogram, the milestone decision authority for the program or subprogram shall ensure that— 
of the program or subprogram to the development phase. 
A major defense acquisition program or subprogram may not receive Milestone A approval or otherwise be initiated prior to Milestone B approval until the milestone decision authority determines in writing, after consultation with the Joint Requirements Oversight Council on matters related to program requirements and military needs— 
already provided by an existing system, the duplication provided by such program is necessary and appropriate; 
areas of risk, there is a plan to reduce the risk; 
been addressed and that a determination of applicability of core logistics capabilities requirements has been made; 
has been submitted, with the concurrence of the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, and that the level of resources required to develop, procure, and sustain the program is sufficient for successful program execution; and 
any other considerations the milestone decision authority considers relevant. 
program’ has the meaning provided in section 2430 of this title. 
means a decision to enter into technology maturation and risk reduction pursuant to guidance prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for the management of Department of Defense acquisition programs. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2366a and inserting the following: 
REQUIRED .—A major defense acquisition program may not receive Milestone B approval until the milestone decision authority— 
in the program has been demonstrated in a relevant environment, as determined by the 
an independent review and assessment by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in consultation with the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evaluation; 
schedule, technical feasibility, and performance objectives have been made to ensure that the program is affordable when considering the per unit cost and the total acquisition cost in the context of the total resources available during the period covered by the futureyears defense program submitted during the fiscal year in which the certification is made; 
conducted prior to technology development to reduce duplication of existing technology and products; 
a cost benefit analysis for any new or follow on satellite system using a dedicated ground control system instead of a shared ground control system, except that no cost benefit analysis is required to be performed under this paragraph for any Milestone B approval of a space system after December 31, 2019. 
would be unable to meet critical national security objectives. 
and the reasons for the waiver determination shall be submitted in writing to the congressional defense committees within 30 days after the waiver is authorized; and 
acquisition process at which it would not be practicable to meet the certification component that was waived; and 
and an explanation of the basis for the determination, to the congressional defense committees. 
program’ means a Department of Defense acquisition program that is a major defense acquisition program for purposes of section 2430 of this title. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
increase greater than the significant cost threshold or critical cost threshold under section 2433 of this title; 
interagency requirement or technology development effort, or has significant international partner involvement; or 
request for reversion of the milestone decision authority back to the service acquisition executive, the Secretary shall report to the congressional defense committees on the basis of the Secretary’s decision that an alternate official serving as milestone decision authority will best provide for the program to achieve desired cost, schedule, and performance outcomes. No such reversion is authorized after a program has incurred a unit cost increase greater than the significant cost threshold or critical cost threshold under section 2433 of this title, except in exceptional circumstances. 
program, the Secretary of the military department concerned and the Chief of the armed force concerned shall, in each Selected Acquisition Report required under section 2432 of this title, certify that program requirements are stable and funding is adequate to meet cost, schedule, and performance objectives for the program and identify and report to the congressional defense committees on any increased risk to the program since the last report. 
the acquisition oversight process for major defense acquisition programs and shall limit outside requirements for documentation to an absolute minimum on those programs where the service acquisition executive of the military department that is managing the program is the milestone decision authority and ensure that any policies, procedures, and activities related to oversight efforts conducted outside of the military departments with regard to major defense acquisition programs shall be implemented in a manner that does not unnecessarily increase program costs or impede program schedules.’’. 
later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise Department of Defense guidance for major defense acquisition programs to address the tenure and accountability of program managers for the program definition period of major defense acquisition programs. 
purposes of this section, the term ‘‘program definition period’’, with respect to a major defense acquisition program, means the period beginning with initiation of the program and ending with Milestone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program). 
identifying the manufacturing processes that will be needed to carry out the program; 
is available to the milestone decision authority to make a decision on Milestone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program), including information necessary to make the certification required by section 2366a of title 10, United States Code. 
that each program manager for the program definition period of a major defense acquisition program— 
(including systems engineering expertise, costestimating expertise, and software development expertise) needed to meet such responsibilities; and 
later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise Department of Defense 
guidance for major defense acquisition programs to address the tenure and accountability of program managers for the program execution period of major defense acquisition programs. 
program execution period of a major defense acquisition program to enter into a performance agreement with the manager’s immediate supervisor for such program within six months of assignment, that— 
cost, schedule, and performance of the program consistent with the business case for the program; 
manager that such parameters are achievable and that the program manager will be accountable for meeting such parameters; and 
program manager for the program execution period of a defense acquisition program— 
(including systems engineering expertise, cost estimating expertise, and software development expertise) needed to meet such responsibilities; and 
underrun on any major defense acquisition program or subprogram in a fiscal year is the difference between the current program acquisition unit cost for the program or subprogram and the program acquisition unit cost for the program as shown in the original Baseline Estimate for the program or subprogram, multiplied by the quantity of items to be purchased under the program or subprogram, as reported in the final Selected Acquisition Report for the fiscal year in accordance with section 2432 of title 10, United States Code. 
major defense acquisition programs that are joint programs of more than one military department shall be allocated among the military departments in percentages determined by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. 
is amended by inserting ‘‘for which a Milestone B approval occurred during the preceding fiscal year’’ after ‘‘Department of Defense’’. 
that follows through ‘‘that the independent’’ and inserting ‘‘shall require that the independent’’; 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR DEVELOPMENTAL TEST AND EVALUATION AND THE DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING. 
order to advise relevant technical authorities for such programs on the incorporation of best practices for systems engineering from across the Department’’ after ‘‘programs’’. 
applicable percentage for a fiscal year is the percentage that results in the credit to the Fund of $500,000,000 in each fiscal year.’’; 
than’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘an amount that is less than $400,000,000.’’; and 
taken to address any new or expanded critical skills and competencies the civilian employee workforce will need to address recent trends in defense acquisition, emerging best practices, changes in the Government and commercial marketplace, and new requirements established in law or regulation; and’’; and 
support of personnel in Department of Defense positions designated by the Secretary of Defense under section 1721 of this title.’’. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘military department)’’ the following: ‘‘, in collaboration with the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps (with respect to the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, respectively),’’. 
the highest quality officers and enlisted personnel and allows them to gain experience in and receive credit for a primary career in combat arms and a functional secondary career in the acquisition field in order to more closely align the military operational, requirements, and acquisition workforces of each armed force.’’. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
the subject of market research and the function of market research in the acquisition of commercial items; 
standard processes and reports for collecting and sharing market research across the Department.’’. 
than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall 
Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund (as established under section 1705 of title 10, United States Code). 
entity described in this subsection is an independent research entity that is a not forprofit entity or a federally funded research and development center with appropriate expertise and analytical capability. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the independent research entity shall provide to the Secretary a report containing— 
acquisition workforce as the independent research entity considers to be appropriate. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
is further amended by striking ‘‘demonstration program’’ and inserting ‘‘demonstration project’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
capability with necessary expertise and resources to oversee the making of commercial item determinations for the purposes of procurements by the Department of Defense; and 
Defense commercial item determinations for the purposes of procurements by the Department of Defense.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement shall be updated to reflect the requirements of this section and the amendments made by this section. 
this section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to preclude the contracting officer for the procurement of a commercial item from requiring the contractor to supply information that is sufficient to determine the reasonableness of price, regardless of whether or not the contractor was required to provide such information in connection with any earlier procurement. 
extent necessary to determine the reasonableness of the price for items acquired under this section, the contracting officer shall require the offeror to submit— 
commercial items under comparable terms and conditions by both Government and commercial customers; 
‘‘(ii) prices for similar levels of work or effort on related products or services; 
serve as the basis for a price assessment; and 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘If the contracting officer determines that the offeror does not have access to and cannot provide sufficient information on prices for the same or similar items to determine the reasonableness of price, the contracting officer shall require the submission of information on prices for similar levels of work or effort on related products or services, prices for alternative solutions or approaches, and other information that is relevant to the determination of a fair and reasonable price.’’. 
Code, as amended by section 851, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report identifying the defenseunique provisions of law that are applicable for procurement of commercial items or commercial offtheshelf items, both at the prime contract and subcontract level. The report— 
contracts for commercial items or commercial offtheshelf items to those that are required to implement law or Executive orders or are determined to be consistent with standard commercial practice; and 
clauses used in Federal Acquisition Regulation Part 12 contracts, including a justification for the inclusion of each. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall issue guidance to ensure that acquisition officials of the Department of Defense fully comply with the requirements of section 2377 of title 10, United States Code, regarding market research and commercial items. The guidance issued pursuant to this subsection shall, at a minimum— 
contacting knowledgeable individuals in Government and industry regarding existing market capabilities. 
a cost savings compared to the cost of procuring a similar quantity or level of such item or service using commercial acquisition procedures. 
United States Code, as amended by section 851, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
sections at the beginning of chapter 140 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2380, as added by section 851, the following new item: 
‘‘2380A. Treatment of goods and services provided by nontraditional defense contractors as commercial items.’’. 
to enhance’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘designed to— 
the protege firm prior to the approval of that agreement; and 
qualitative benefits to the Department of Defense from the agreement, if applicable; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
protege firm under Department of Defense contracts or other contracts, including the value of such subcontracts; 
of work, or additional payments not previously reported for prior awards of subcontracts on a competitive or noncompetitive basis to the protege firm under Department of Defense contracts or other contracts, including the value of such subcontracts; 
progress payments or advance payments made to the protege firm for performance under any subcontract made under the MentorProtege Program; 
mentor firm and the protege firm as a joint venture, designating whether the award was a restricted competition or a full and open competition; 
firm for the protege firm from one or more— 
established pursuant to section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648); 
the protege firm, the impact on Department of Defense contracts, and addressing any problems encountered. 
‘‘has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)’’; 
‘‘means a firm that has less than half the size standard corresponding to its primary North American Industry Classification System code, is not owned or managed by individuals or entities that directly or indirectly have stock options or convertible securities in the mentor firm, and is—’’; 
(iv) by adding at the end the following new 
as such term is defined in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code; or 
the private sector that are critical to enhancing the capabilities of the defense supplier base and fulfilling key Department of Defense needs.’’; 
means an individual who is blind (as defined in section 8501 of title 41, United States Code) or a severely disabled individual (as defined in such section).’’; and 
the relationship between a mentor firm and a protege firm, means— 
year period before entering into a mentor protege agreement, employed any officer, director, principal stock holder, managing member, or key employee of the protege firm; 
joint venture with the protege firm during the 2year period before entering into a mentorprotege agreement, unless such joint venture was approved by the Small Business Administration prior to making any offer on a contract; 
shall annually provide to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate a certification of the accuracy and completeness of data reported on bundled and consolidated contracts.’’. 
of a contracting agency determines that an acquisition plan for a procurement involves a substantial bundling of contract requirements, the head of a contracting agency shall publish a notice on a public website that such determination has been made not later than 7 days after making such determination. Any solicitation for a procurement related to the acquisition plan may not be published earlier than 7 days after such notice is published. Along with the publication of the solicitation, the head of a contracting agency shall publish a justification for the determination, which shall include the following information: 
derived from the bundling of contract requirements and a determination that such benefits justify the bundling. 
contracting approaches that would involve a lesser degree of bundling of contract requirements. 
‘‘(ii) the specific actions designed to maximize participation of small business concerns as subcontractors (including suppliers) at various tiers under the contract or contracts that are awarded to meet the requirements.’’. 
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY SPECIALISTS, COMMERCIAL MARKET REPRESENTATIVES, AND PROCUREMENT CENTER REPRESENTATIVES. 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 633) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
for the position of a Business Opportunity Specialist; and 
for the position of a commercial market representative; and 
commercial market representative after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
for the position of a procurement center representative; and 
FOR QUALIFIED HUBZONE SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS LOCATED IN A BASE CLOSURE AREA. 
‘‘(ii) that is owned in part by one or more 
Native Hawaiian Organizations, or by a corporation that is wholly owned by one or more Native Hawaiian Organizations, if all other owners are either United States citizens or small business concerns;’’; 
of a military installation that were closed through a privatization process under the authority of— 
‘‘(aa) the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of division B of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note); 
Amendments and Base Closure and Realignment Act (Public Law 100–526; 10 U.S.C. 2687 
‘‘(dd) any other provision of law authorizing or directing the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of a military department to dispose of real property at the military installation for purposes relating to base closures of redevelopment, while retaining the authority to enter into a leaseback of all or a portion of the property for military use; 
county the boundaries of which are contiguous to the area described in subclause (II) 
tract’ means a census tract delineated by the United States Bureau of the Census in the most recent decennial census that is not located in a nonmetropolitan county and does not otherwise qualify as a qualified census tract. 
by the President, during the 5year period beginning on the date on which the President declared the major disaster for the area in which the census tract or nonmetropolitan county, as applicable, is located; and ‘‘(II) in the case of a catastrophic incident, 
during the 10year period beginning on the date on which the catastrophic incident occurred in the area in which the census tract or nonmetropolitan county, as applicable, is located. 
than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study on and submit a report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate that includes— 
HUBZone program participants by the Small Business Administration, including Administration actions taken to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse; and 
the evaluation process and oversight mechanisms to further reduce fraud, waste, and abuse. 
small business prime contractor that includes a proposed team of small business subcontractors, the head of the agency shall consider the capabilities and past performance of each first tier subcontractor that is part of the team as the capabilities and past performance of the small business prime contractor. 
offer of a joint venture of small business concerns, if the joint venture does not demonstrate sufficient capabilities or past performance to be considered for award of a contract opportunity, the head of the agency shall consider the capabilities and past performance of each member of the joint venture as the capabilities and past performance of the joint venture. 
small business prime contractor that includes a proposed team of small business subcontractors for any multiple award contract above the substantial bundling threshold of the Federal agency, the head of the agency shall consider the capabilities and past performance of each first tier subcontractor that is part of the team as the capabilities and past performance of the small business prime contractor. 
offer of a joint venture of small business concerns for any multiple award contract above the substantial bundling threshold of the Federal agency, if the joint venture does not demonstrate sufficient capabilities or past performance to be considered for award of a contract opportunity, the head of the agency shall consider the capabilities and past performance of each member of the joint venture as the capabilities and past performance of the joint venture.’’. 
small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women awarded prime contracts in each North American Industry Classification System code during the fiscal year and a comparison to the number of awarded contracts during the prior fiscal year, if available. 
small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women awarded subcontracts in each North American Industry Classification System code during the fiscal year and a comparison to the number of awarded subcontracts during the prior fiscal year, if available. 
the scorecard for fiscal year 2018 to assign scores to Federal agencies, but not later than March 31, 2019, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate. Such report shall include the following: 
dollar amount of prime contracts and subcontracts awarded to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women. 
dollar amount of prime contracts and subcontracts, and the total number of contracts, awarded to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women in each North American Industry Classification System code. 
REPORT ON SCORECARD METHOD OLOGY .—Not later than September 30, 2018, 
the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate a report that— 
used to calculate a score under this subsection accurately and effectively— 
opportunities for small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women to compete for and be awarded Federal procurement contracts 
on how to improve such methodology to improve its accuracy and effectiveness. 
concern’’, ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans’’, ‘‘qualified HUBZone small business concern’’, and ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by women’’ have the meanings given such terms under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
HEARINGS AND APPEALS IN THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION; PETITIONS FOR RECONSIDERATION OF SIZE STANDARDS. 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 634) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
Administration that handles requests submitted pursuant to sections 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’) and maintains records pursuant to section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’). 
and Appeals shall only hear appeals of matters as described in this Act, the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), and title 13 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 
The Chief Hearing Officer may assign a matter for mediation or other means of alternative dispute resolution. 
an employee of the Administration under section 2103 of title 5, United States Code, and under the supervision of the Chief Hearing Officer; 
which section 5376 of title 5, United States Code, applies; and 
An individual serving as a Judge in the Office of Hearings and Appeals (as that position and office are designated in section 134.101 of title 13, Code of Federal Regulations) on the effective date of this subsection shall be considered as qualified to be, and redesignated as, a Hearing Officer. 
subsection, the term ‘Hearing Officer’ means an individual appointed or redesignated under this subsection who is an attorney licensed by a State, commonwealth, territory or possession of the United States, or the District of Columbia.’’. 
of such agency (as established under section 1705 of title 41, United States Code, or section 2318 of title 10, United States Code) of such notice; and 
CONTRACTORS TO MEET GOALS UNDER NEGOTIATED COMPREHENSIVE SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLANS. 
that submission of cost and pricing data should be required based on past performance of the specific small business or nontraditional defense contractor, or based on analysis of other information specific to the award. 
that auditing of records should be required based on past performance of the specific small business or nontraditional defense contractor, or based on analysis of other information specific to the award. 
business’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘small business concern’’ under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
93 of subtitle VI of title 31, United States Code, is amended— 
‘‘If another applicable Federal law or regulation permits the acceptance of a bond from a surety that is not subject to sections 9305 and 9306 and is based on a pledge of assets by the surety, the assets pledged by such surety shall— 
made by this section shall take effect 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a contract with an independent entity with appropriate expertise to conduct a review of— 
practices, and sustainment requirements related to Government access to and use of intellectual property rights of private sector firms; and 
shall require that in conducting the review, the independent entity shall consult with the National Defense Technology and Industrial Base Council (described in section 2502 of title 10, United States Code) and each Center of Industrial and Technical Excellence (described in section 2474 of title 10, United States Code). 
the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the independent entity, along with a description of any actions that the Secretary proposes to revise and clarify laws or that the Secretary may take to revise or clarify regulations related to intellectual property rights. 
AND INDUSTRIAL CAPABILITY ASSESSMENTS OF A DETERMINATION ABOUT DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS. 
with defense acquisition program oversight do not result in unnecessary increases in program costs or cost estimates or delays in schedule or schedule estimates. 
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall— 
capabilities and processes related to requirements development and source selection for, and oversight and management of, services contracts. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
that have been reviewed, and as appropriate revised, through business process reengineering; 
visibility into, and traceability of, expenditures for the system; and 
strategy that prioritizes the use of commercial software and business practices. 
The Secretary shall issue guidance to provide for the coordination of, and decision making for, the planning, programming, and control of investments in covered defense business systems. 
commercial offtheshelf systems to meet or incorporate requirements or interfaces that are unique to the Department of Defense. 
covered defense business systems that have been fully deployed, by portfolio, to ensure that investments in such portfolios are appropriate. 
sustainability and technological refreshment requirements, and the appropriate use of open architectures. 
and systems engineering practices are used in the procurement and deployment of commercial systems, modified commercial systems, and defenseunique systems to meet Department of Defense missions. 
through the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, shall develop and maintain a blueprint to guide the development of integrated business processes within the Department of Defense. Such blueprint shall be known as the ‘defense business enterprise architecture’. 
data standards, business performance measures, and business information requirements that apply uniformly throughout the Department of Defense; and 
accurate, and reliable business and financial information for management purposes; 
‘‘(iv) identify whether each existing business system is a part of the business systems environment outlined by the defense business enterprise architecture, will become a part of that environment with appropriate modifications, or is not a part of that environment. 
Department of Defense shall develop an information technology enterprise architecture. The architecture shall describe a plan for improving the information technology and computing infrastructure of the Department of Defense, including for each of the major business processes conducted by the Department of Defense. 
(Comptroller) with respect to financial management and planning and budgeting processes. 
Personnel and Readiness with respect to human resources management processes. 
department, the Chief Management Officer of that military department; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a system of a Defense 
Agency or Department of Defense Field Activity, or a system that will support the business process of more than one military department or Defense Agency or Department of Defense Field Activity, the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. 
term ‘defense business system’ means an information system that is operated by, for, or on behalf of the Department of Defense, including any of the following: 
The term ‘covered defense business system’ means a defense business system that is expected to have a total amount of budget authority, over the period of the current futureyears defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title, in excess of $50,000,000. 
term ‘business system portfolio’ means all business systems performing functions closely related to the functions performed or to be performed by a covered defense business system. 
PROGRAM .—The term ‘covered defense business system program’ means a defense acquisition program to develop and field a covered defense business system or an increment of a covered defense business system. 
PROGRAM .—The term ‘priority defense business system’ means a defense business system that is— 
budget authority over the period of the current futureyears defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title in excess of $250,000,000; or 
‘business process mapping’ means a procedure in which the steps in a business process are clarified and documented in both written form and in a flow chart.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by striking the item relating to section 2222 and inserting the following new item: 
numbered year, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees an assessment of the extent to which the actions taken by the Department of Defense comply with the requirements of section 2222 of title 10, United States Code. 
issue guidance for major automated information systems acquisition programs to promote the use of best acquisition, contracting, requirement development, systems engineering, program management, and sustainment practices, including— 
baseline has been established within two years after program initiation; 
have not changed in a manner that increases acquisition costs or delays the schedule, without sufficient cause and only after maximum efforts to reengineer business processes prior to changing requirements; 
shelf business systems for security, resilience, reliability, interoperability, and integration with existing interrelated systems where such system integration and interoperability are essential to Department of Defense operations; 
theshelf business system developers and owners in adapting systems for Department of Defense use; 
system to a functioning state should it become necessary; 
the Secretaries of the Army, Navy, and Air Force, in procuring an item of personal protective equipment or a critical safety item, use source selection criteria that is predominately based on technical qualifications of the item and not predominately based on price to the maximum extent practicable if the level of quality or failure of the item could result in death or severe bodily harm to the user, as determined by the Secretaries. 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
the counterfeit electronic parts or suspect counterfeit electronic parts and’’ after ‘‘contractor’’. 
(Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘review and audit’’ and inserting ‘‘review, audit, and approval’’. 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall prescribe a regulation making clear that agency acquisition personnel are permitted and encouraged to engage in responsible and constructive exchanges with industry, so long as those exchanges are consistent with existing law and regulation and do not promote an unfair competitive advantage to particular firms. 
of Defense shall conduct an assessment of the application of the Open Trusted Technology Provider Standard or similar public, open technology standards to Department of Defense procurements for information technology and cyber security acquisitions and provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Technology Provider Standard to determine what aspects might be adopted by the Department of Defense and where additional development of the standard may be required. 
programs where the standard might be applied most effectively, as well as identification of types or classes of programs that should specifically be excluded from consideration. 
have related to the adoption of the standard or improvement in the standard to support Department acquisitions. 
than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Deputy Chief Management Officer, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall jointly complete a business case analysis to determine the most effective and efficient way to procure and deploy common information technology services. 
provided common or enterprise information technology services, including such services as messaging, collaboration, directory, security, and content delivery; or 
other components of the Department to acquire such services separately; 
independently defined and use open standards to enable continuous adoption of best commercial technology; and 
of each type of service and application to enable choice and competition while supporting interoperability where necessary. 
Network cloud system for the Department would achieve interoperability with the cloud systems of the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) operating at the security level Sensitive Compartmented Information. 
Chief Information Officer shall, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, develop a consistent pricing policy and cost recovery process for the use by Department of Defense components of the cloud services provided through the Intelligence Community Information Technology Environment. 
The Chief Information Officer shall assess the feasibility and advisability of imposing a minimum set of open standards for cloud infrastructure, middleware, metadata, and application programming interfaces to promote interoperability, information sharing, 
ease of access to data, and competition across all of the cloud computing systems and services utilized by components of the Department of Defense. 
Section 866 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
using competitive procedures in accordance with chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code’’; and 
the enactment of this Act, the Defense Contract Audit Agency may not provide audit support for nonDefense Agencies unless the Secretary of Defense certifies that the backlog for incurred cost audits is less than 18 months of incurred cost inventory. 
amount appropriated and otherwise available to the Defense Contract Audit Agency for a fiscal year beginning after September 30, 2016, shall be reduced by an amount equivalent to any reimbursements received by the Agency from nonDefense Agencies for audit support provided. 
structure of the Department of Defense with the goals of— 
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on actions taken to avoid duplicative audits and streamline oversight reviews. 
accounting practices, including requirements under the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–204; 15 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), with the cost accounting standards prescribed under chapter 15 of title 41, United States Code, to determine if some portions of cost accounting standards compliance can be met through such practices or requirements. 
(iii) A description of standards of materiality used by the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Inspector General of the Department of Defense for defense contract audits. 
range of delays in contract awards due to the time necessary for the Defense Contract Audit Agency to complete preaward audits. 
this section, the term ‘‘incurred cost inventory’’ means the level of contractor incurred cost proposals in inventory from prior fiscal years that are currently being audited by the Defense Contract Audit Agency. 
METHOD FOR PROCUREMENT OF AUDIT OR AUDIT READINESS SERVICES. 
the Department of Defense, the statutory deadline to establish and maintain auditable financial statements, starting with the fiscal year 2018 financial statement, is one of the more challenging management tasks that has ever faced the Department. 
for the procurement of audit or audit readiness services, the Secretary of Defense should establish the values and metrics for evaluating companies offering audit services, including financial management and audit expertise and experience, personnel qualifications and certifications, past performance, technology, tools, and size. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall review, and as necessary revise or issue, policy guidance pertaining to the identification, mitigation, and prevention of potential unfair competitive advantage conferred to technical advisors to acquisition programs. 
shall conduct a survey of contractors with the highest level of reimbursements for cost type contracts with the Department of Defense during fiscal year 2014 to estimate industry’s cost of regulatory compliance (as a percentage of total costs) with Government unique acquisition regulations and requirements in the categories of quality assurance, accounting and financial management, contracting and purchasing, program management, engineering, logistics, material management, property administration, and other unique requirements not imposed on contracts for commercial items. 
STATE AND LOCAL PURCHASES WHEN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACTS AS CONTRACT INTERMEDIARY FOR THE GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION. 
Defense as a result of the transfer of contracts from the General Services Administration or for which the Department serves as an item manager for products on behalf of the General Services Administration shall not be subject to requirements under chapter 148 of title 10, United States Code, to the extent such contracts are for purchases of products by other Federal agencies or State or local governments. 
The Department of Defense may not preclude a nonprofit organization from competing for a contract for religious related services on a United States military installation. 
BASED CONTRACTING FOR SMALLER CONTRACT ACTIONS UNDER THE TRUTH IN NEGOTIATIONS ACT. 
an agency shall establish a riskbased sampling approach under which the submission of certified cost or pricing data may be required for a riskbased sample of contracts, the price of which is expected to exceed $750,000 but not $5,000,000. The authority to require certified cost or pricing data under this paragraph shall not apply to any contract of an offeror that has not been awarded, for at least the oneyear period preceding the issuance of a solicitation for the contract, any other contract in excess of $5,000,000 under which the offeror was required to submit certified cost or pricing data under section 2306a of title 10, United States Code. 
The head of a procuring activity may not delegate functions under this subsection. 
2017, and January 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on activities undertaken under this section. 
an agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code. 
‘‘pilot program period’’ means the period beginning on October 1, 2016, and ending on September 30, 2019. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
functions of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force development activities. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
Henry Kissinger wrote in testimony submitted to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on January 29, 2015, ‘‘The United States has not faced a more diverse and complex array of crises since the end of the Second World War.’’. 
peer competitors has introduced destabilizing pressures around the globe. 
technology have reduced the time available for the United States to prepare for and respond to crises against both known and unknown threats. 
cannot be overstated. As acknowledged in the March 2015 Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard maritime strategy, ‘‘A Cooperative Strategy for 21st Century Seapower: Forward, Engaged, Ready’’: ‘‘Oceans are the lifeblood of the interconnected global community. . . 90 percent of trade by volume travels across the oceans. Approximately 70 percent of the world’s population lives within 100 miles of the coastline.’’. 
rapidly respond to crises around the world regardless of the nation’s fiscal health. 
is critical that the nation possess a maritime force whose mission and ethos is readiness— a fight tonight force, forward deployed, that can respond immediately to emergent crises across the full range of military operations around the globe either from the sea or home station. 
and the wisdom of the 82nd Congress, the 114th Congress reaffirms section 5063 of title 10, United States Code, which states that the Marine Corps— 
three combat divisions and three air wings, and such other land combat, aviation, and other services as may be organic therein; 
provide fleet marine forces of combined arms, together with supporting air components, for service with the fleet in the seizure or defense of advanced naval bases and for the conduct of such land operations as may be essential to the prosecution of a naval campaign; and 
(iii) provide detachments and organizations for service on armed vessels of the Navy, provide security detachments for the protection of naval property at naval stations and bases, and perform such other duties as the President may direct; but these additional duties may not detract from nor interfere with the operations for which the Marine Corps is primarily organized; 
Army and the Air Force, those phases of amphibious operations that pertain to the tactics, techniques, and equipment used by landing forces; and 
integrated joint mobilization plans, for the expansion of peacetime components of the Marine Corps to meet the needs of war. 
removal of ballistic missile defense capabilities from Ticonderoga class cruisers. 
transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. 
transfer or release to certain countries of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
certain prior requirements for certifications relating to transfer of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to foreign countries and other foreign entities. 
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, determined or assessed to be high risk or medium risk. 
information about recidivism of individuals formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
written agreements with foreign countries regarding transfer of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and other Department of Defense or Bureau of Prisons prisons or detention or disciplinary facilities in recruitment or other propaganda of terrorist organizations. 
rewards through government personnel of allied forces and certain other modifications to Department of Defense program to provide rewards. 
obligation and expenditure of funds for the combating terrorism program. 
AH–64 Apache helicopters from Army National Guard to regular Army and related personnel levels. 
funds for destruction of certain landmines and report on department of defense policy and inventory of antipersonnel landmine munitions. 
to provide assistance to secure the southern land border of the United States. 
geographically distributed force laydown in the area of responsibility of United States Pacific Command. 
identification, and disablement capabilities related to remotely piloted aircraft. 
United States national security interests in the Arctic region. 
report on major medical facility projects of Department of Veterans Affairs. 
submittal to Congress of reports required of Department of Defense by statute. 
places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facilities. 
Corporation for the Promotion of Rifle Practice and Firearms Safety. 
Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack. 
briefing requirement on ordered evacuations of United States embassies and consulates involving support provided by the Department of Defense. 
major medical facility projects of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
for certain construction projects by Department of Veterans Affairs. 
the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this division for fiscal year 2016 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. 
for an item that has been denied authorization by Congress. 
transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. 
work in coordination with the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board to establish accounting standards to value large and unordinary general property, plant, and equipment items. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report ranking all military departments and Defense Agencies in order of how advanced they are in achieving auditable financial statements as required by law. The report should not include information otherwise available in other reports to Congress. 
Control Act of 2011 must be modified or eliminated through a bipartisan legislative agreement. 
with applicable generally accepted government auditing standards. The Inspector General shall participate in the selection of the independent external auditors. 
General shall monitor the conduct of all audits by independent external auditors under 
Financial Management in the Office of Management and Budget; and 
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
is consistent with the requirements of section 1008 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (Public Law 107–107; 10 U.S.C. 113 note); 
1033 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 111 Stat. 1881), as most recently amended by section 1013 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 844), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
amended by adding at the end of the following new paragraphs: 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the authority to provide additional support for counterdrug activities of foreign governments in section 1033 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998. 
which priorities are established for countries and regions to be assisted under the program. 
disadvantages of providing assistance under the program on a countryby country basis rather than providing such assistance on a global basis. 
if any, associated with providing assistance under the program on a countryby country basis and with providing such assistance on a global basis. 
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
American nations have a direct impact on the stability and security of the United States. 
build the capacity of our partners in the region to address their security challenges and confront threats of mutual concern. 
practicable, prioritize efforts to address the threatening levels of violence, instability, illicit trafficking, and transnational organized crime that challenge the sovereignty of Central American nations and the security of the United States; and 
agency of the United States Government, to detect and monitor aerial and maritime illicit trafficking into the United States; 
human rights and fundamental freedoms and respect for civilian control of the military. 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘by ship class in both graphical and tabular form’’ after ‘‘The estimated levels of annual funding’’. 
may use funds deposited into the Fund to enter into contracts for advance construction of national seabased deterrence vessels to support achieving cost savings through workload management, manufacturing efficiencies, or workforce stability, or to phase fabrication activities within shipyard and manage subtier manufacturer capacity. 
use funds deposited into the Fund to enter into incrementally funded contracts for advance procurement of high value, long lead time items for nuclear powered vessels to better support construction schedules and achieve cost savings through schedule reductions and properly phased installment payments. 
the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose, and that total liability to the Government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at time of termination.’’. 
Replacement Program’’ and inserting ‘‘for the Department of Defense’’. 
1014 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4585), as amended by section 1021 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383, 124 Stat. 4348), is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
by striking ‘‘not more that’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than’’; and 
FOR REMOVAL OF BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITIES FROM TICONDEROGA CLASS CRUISERS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used to remove ballistic missile defense capabilities from any of the 5 Ticonderoga class cruisers equipped with such capabilities until the Secretary of the Navy certifies 
capabilities required by the most recent Navy Force Structure Assessment; 
cruisers that will provide an equal or improved ballistic missile defense capability; or 
shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center with appropriate expertise and analytical capability to conduct an assessment of the anticipated future demands of the combat logistics force ships of the Navy and the challenges such ships may face when conducting and supporting future naval operations in contested maritime environments. 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES. 
or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
2009, at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at Guantanamo for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense unless authorized by Congress. 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
or otherwise available for the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of any country, or any entity within such country, as follows: 
OF CERTAIN PRIOR REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFICATIONS RELATING TO TRANSFER OF DETAINEES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES AND OTHER FOREIGN ENTITIES. 
later than 30 days before the transfer of the individual. 
apply to any action taken by the Secretary to transfer any individual detained at Guantanamo to effectuate an order affecting the disposition of the individual that is issued by a court or competent tribunal of the United States having lawful jurisdiction (which the Secretary shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress of promptly after issuance). 
or the recognized leadership of the foreign entity to which the individual detained at Guantanamo concerned is to be transferred— 
facility in which the individual is to be detained if the individual is to be housed in a detention facility; 
steps to substantially mitigate any risk the individual could attempt to reengage in terrorist activity or otherwise threaten the United States or its allies or interests; and 
States any information that is related to the individual; 
to be transferred is a country to which the United States transferred an individual who was detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, at any time after September 11, 2001, and such transferred individual subsequently engaged in any terrorist activity, the Secretary has— 
classified or unclassified form, of the capacity, willingness, and past practices (if applicable) of the foreign country or foreign entity concerned in relation to the certification of the Secretary under this subsection. 
the risk that an individual detained at Guantanamo will engage in terrorist activity or 
United States intelligence and law enforcement authorities, pursuant to a pretrial agreement, while in the custody of or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; and 
mechanisms are in place, to the extent relevant and necessary, to provide for continued cooperation with United States intelligence and law enforcement authorities. 
the appropriate committees of Congress, together with such certification, a report that shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
individual is in the national security interests of the United States. 
the Guantanamo Detainee Review Task Force established pursuant to Executive Order 13492 relating to the individual and, if applicable, updated information related to any change to such recommendation. 
of the certification, the country to which the individual is to be transferred is facing a threat that could substantially affect its ability to exercise control over the individual. 
if any, while in the custody of or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; and 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
AND LIMITATIONS .—Section 1035 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 851; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is repealed. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence, submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the details of a comprehensive strategy for the detention of current and future individuals captured and held pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40) pending 
are intended to be used, or modified to be used, to hold individuals for purpose of trial and incarceration after conviction or detention and interrogation pursuant to the law of armed conflict. 
detention of individuals detained for purpose of trial, incarceration after conviction, or continued detention under the law of armed conflict, including the costs of— 
held pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force who are currently detained at the United States Naval Base, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
REALIGNMENT OF FORCES AT OR CLOSURE OF UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 may be used— 
to the Treaty Between the United States of America and Cuba signed at Washington, D.C. on May 29, 1934 that constructively closes United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an assessment of the military implications of United States Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
significance of the basing at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. 
Bay, as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, in support of the National Security Strategy, the National Defense Strategy, and the National Military Strategy. 
military requirements that United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, currently supports. 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, by other departments and agencies of the United States Government. 
UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, DETERMINED OR ASSESSED TO BE HIGH RISK OR MEDIUM RISK. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees and members of Congress a report setting forth a list of the individuals detained at Guantanamo as of the date of the enactment of this Act who have been determined or assessed by Joint Task Force Guantanamo, at any time before the date of the report, to be a highrisk or mediumrisk threat to the United States, its interests, or its allies. 
assessed as a highrisk or mediumrisk threat to the United States, its interests, or its allies, and an assessment of the justification for the designation or assessment. 
currently designated or assessed as a high risk or mediumrisk threat to the United States, its interests, or its allies. 
hostile actions against the United States or its allies, gross violations of human rights, and other violations of international law; and 
shall be submitted in unclassified form to the maximum extent practicable, but may include a classified annex. 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
BETWEEN TERRORISTS AND INDIVIDUALS FORMERLY DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
OF INFORMATION ABOUT RECIDIVISM OF INDIVIDUALS FORMERLY DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
WRITTEN AGREEMENTS WITH FOREIGN COUNTRIES REGARDING TRANSFER OF DETAINEES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report describing the terms of any written agreement between the United States Government and the government of the foreign country concerned regarding each individual detained at Guantanamo who was transferred to a foreign country pursuant to a negotiated transfer. 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, AND OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OR BUREAU OF PRISONS PRISONS OR DETENTION OR DISCIPLINARY FACILITIES IN RECRUITMENT OR OTHER PROPAGANDA OF TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS. 
Not later than six months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, submit to Congress a report on the use by terrorist organizations and their leaders of images and symbols relating to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any other Department of Defense or Bureau of Prisons prison or other detention or disciplinary facility for recruitment and other propaganda 
symbols continue to be used for recruitment or other propaganda purposes. 
REWARDS THROUGH GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL OF ALLIED FORCES AND CERTAIN OTHER MODIFICATIONS TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAM TO PROVIDE REWARDS. 
section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
later than 15 days after the date on which the Secretary designates a country as a country in which an operation or activity of the armed forces is occurring in connection with which rewards may be paid under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the designation. Each report shall include the following: 
cease to be in effect at the close of December 31, 2017.’’. 
OBLIGATION AND EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR THE COMBATING TERRORISM PROGRAM. 
this subsection, the term ‘‘Army Field Manual 2–22.3’’ means the Army Field Manual 2– 22.3 entitled ‘‘Human Intelligence Collector Operations’’ in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act or any similar successor Army Field Manual. 
is not authorized by and listed in the Army 
described in this subparagraph is an individual who is— 
control of an officer, employee, or other agent of the United States Government; or 
(ii) detained within a facility owned, operated, or controlled by a department or agency of the United States, in any armed conflict. 
Field Manual 2–22.3, such as a requirement of approval by a specified Department of Defense official, is inapposite to a department or an agency other than the Department of Defense, the head of such department or agency shall ensure that a process that is substantially equivalent to the process prescribed by Army Field Manual 2–22.3 for the Department of Defense is utilized by all officers, employees, or other agents of such department or agency. 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and once every three years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Director of National Intelligence, shall complete a thorough review of Army Field Manual 2–22.3, and revise Army Field Manual 2– 22.3, as necessary to ensure that Army Field Manual 2–22.3 complies with the legal obligations of the United States and the practices for interrogation described therein do not involve the use or threat of force. 
Field Manual 2–22.3 shall remain available to the public and any revisions to the Army Field Manual 2–22.3 adopted by the Secretary of Defense shall be made available to the public 30 days prior to the date the revisions take effect. 
than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the interagency body established pursuant to Executive Order 13491 (commonly known as the HighValue Detainee Interrogation Group) shall submit to the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, the Attorney General, and other appropriate officials a report on best practices for interrogation that do not involve the use of force. 
individual rights or state obligations which may arise under United States law or international agreements to which the United States is a party, including the Geneva Conventions, or to state all of the situations under which notification to and access for the International Committee of the Red Cross is required or allowed. 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
The Secretary shall create and maintain a publicly available Internet website that provides information on the controlled property transferred under this section and the recipients of such property. 
property transferred to Federal and State agencies under this section, listed by the name of the recipient and the year of the transfer; 
controlled property under this section, including the information submitted by the Federal and State agencies requesting such transfers; and 
the Secretary under this section by Federal and State agencies that receive controlled property under this section.’’. 
with the authorization of the relevant local governing body or authority, certifies that it has adopted publicly available protocols for the appropriate use of controlled property, the supervision of such use, and the evaluation of the effectiveness of such use, including auditing and accountability policies; and 
into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center for the conduct of an assessment of the Department of Defense excess property program under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section. Such assessment shall include— 
controlled property transfers, the incidence of controlled property that is unaccounted for, and the effectiveness of the policies and procedures governing the return of controlled property transferred under the program to the Department of Defense. 
enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center for the conduct of an assessment of the Department of Defense excess property program under section 2576a of title 10, United States 
Code, as amended by this section, to determine if the requirement that all controlled property transferred under the program be used within one year of being transferred is achieving its intended effect. Such assessment shall include recommendations on process improvement, including legislative proposals. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an assessment of the Department of Defense excess property program under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section. Such assessment shall include— 
of property under the program enhances the ability of Federal and State agencies to carry out counterdrug and counterterrorism activities in accordance with the purposes of the program as set forth in section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
Code, as amended by section 1051 is further amended— 
‘‘counterdrug and counterterrorism activities’’ and inserting ‘‘counterdrug, counterterrorism, and border security activities’’; and 
drug or counterterrorism activities’’ and inserting ‘‘counterdrug, counterterrorism, or border security activities’’. 
status) positions as the Secretary shall specify for purposes of this subsection. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
or employed, or rehired or reemployed, as a nondual status technician for the purposes of this section after December 31, 2016. 
Section 1712 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3668) is amended— 
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2016’’ both places it appears. 
AND SUPPORT TO PERSONNEL OF FOREIGN MINISTRIES OF DEFENSE. 
may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, carry out a program to provide training and associated training support services to personnel of foreign ministries of defense (or ministries with security force oversight) or regional organizations with security missions— 
‘‘(ii) establishing responsible defense governance and internal controls in order to help build effective, transparent, and accountable defense institutions; 
joint staff, or service level core management competencies; and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’. 
of such section is amended to read as follows: 
creative and agile concepts, technologies, and strategies across all available media to most effectively reach target audiences, to counter and degrade the ability of adversaries and potential adversaries to persuade, inspire, and recruit inside areas of hostilities or in other areas in direct support of the objectives of commanders; and 
additional funds in future budgets to carry out military information support operations to support the broader efforts of the Government to counter violent extremism. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
believes will assist the committees in evaluating the demonstration. 
out a technology demonstration under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2022. 
section shall be construed to limit or alter any authority under which the Department of Defense supports information operations activities within the Department. 
RETIREMENT OF HELICOPTER SEA COMBAT SQUADRON 84 AND 85 AIRCRAFT. 
place in storage any Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 84 (HSC–84) or Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 85 (HSC–85) aircraft; or 
with respect to any HSC–84 or HSC–85 aircraft squadron. 
would be available if prioritized and directed by the Secretary of Defense and would meet all operational requirements, including special operationalpeculiar requirements of the combatant commands, currently being met by the HSC–84 or HSC–85 squadrons and aircraft to be retired, transferred, or placed in storage; and 
FUNDS FOR DESTRUCTION OF CERTAIN LANDMINES AND REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE POLICY AND INVENTORY OF ANTIPERSONNEL LANDMINE MUNITIONS. 
after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that includes each of the following: 
levels for all antipersonnel landmine munitions that takes into account future production of antipersonnel landmine munitions, any plans for demilitarization of such munitions, the age of the munitions, storage and safety considerations, and other factors that will impact the size of the inventory. 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, of the effects of the projected antipersonnel landmine inventory on current operational plans. 
as defined by the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of AntiPersonnel Mines and on their Destruction, as determined by the Secretary. 
The Secretary of Defense may provide assistance to United States Customs and Border Protection for purposes of increasing ongoing efforts to secure the southern land border of the United States. 
effectiveness of such assistance in support of the Department of Homeland Security’s objectives and strategy to address the challenges on the southern land border of the United States and recommendations, if any, to enhance the effectiveness of such assistance. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
GEOGRAPHICALLY DISTRIBUTED FORCE LAYDOWN IN THE AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY OF UNITED STATES PACIFIC COMMAND. 
March 1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Pacific Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on Department of Defense plans for implementing the geographically distributed force laydown in the area of responsibility of United States Pacific Command. 
affects the operational and contingency plans in the area of responsibility of United States Pacific Command, including a discussion on how timeliness, availability of forces, and risk in meeting the military objectives contained in those plans are affected. 
asset requirements derived from the force laydown, including logistical sustainment, prepositioned stocks, sea and air lift and, 
Department of Defense and its process for the formulation of previous national security strategies in place throughout the history of the United States, with specific emphasis on the development and execution of previous strategies, as well as the factors that contributed to the development and execution of successful previous strategies with specific emphasis on— 
legislative branches on the best practices and organizational lessons learned for enabling the Department of Defense to formulate longterm defense strategy. 
current national security strategy formulation process, as it relates to the Department of Defense, including an analysis of the following: 
documents of national security strategy relevant to the Department of Defense and how they fit together, including— 
(ii) the most recent quadrennial defense review conducted by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to section 118 of title 10, United States Code; 
required under section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043); and 
House and the agencies that develop such products and documents and formulate strategy. 
Government that contribute to the national security strategy formulation process and how they fit together. 
entity described in this subsection is an independent research entity that is a not forprofit entity or a federally funded research and development center with appropriate expertise and analytical capability. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report addressing the suitability of existing capabilities to detect, identify, and disable remotely piloted aircraft operating within special use and restricted airspace. The report shall include the following: 
existing capabilities to detect, identify, and potentially disable remotely piloted aircraft within special use and restricted airspace are able to be deployed and combat prevailing threats. 
Not later than February 1, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report addressing the immediate and critical training and operational needs of the remotely piloted aircraft community. The report shall include the following: 
nonrated, civilian, contractor, or enlisted pilots to execute remotely piloted aircraft missions. 
existing utilization of special use airspace available for remotely piloted aircraft training and a plan for accessing additional special use airspace in order to meet anticipated training requirements for remotely piloted aircraft. 
increasing the throughput of undergraduate remotely piloted aircraft training without sacrificing quality and standards. 
the mix of training airframes to operational airframes in the remotely piloted aircraft inventory necessary to achieve manning requirements for pilots and sensor operators and, to the extent practicable, a plan for fielding additional remotely piloted aircraft airframes at the formal training units in the active, National Guard, and reserve components in accordance with optimum ratios for MQ–9 and Global Hawk remotely piloted aircraft. 
shall provide for the performance of three independent studies of alternative future fleet platform architectures for the Navy in the 2030 timeframe. 
than April 1, 2016, the Secretary shall submit the results of each study to the congressional defense committees. 
States and to United States naval forces in the 2030 timeframe. 
analyses that would contribute to the study through variations in study assumptions or potential scenarios. 
other United States armed forces that could affect force structure capability and capacity requirements of United States naval forces. 
architectures considered, with assumptions and possible scenarios identified for each; 
LongRange Plan for Construction of Naval Vessels required under section 231 of title 10, 
UNITED STATES NATIONAL SECURITY INTERESTS IN THE ARCTIC REGION. 
later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that sets forth an updated military strategy for the protection of United States national security interests in the Arctic region. 
military requirements for the protection of United States national security interests in the Arctic region, including United States citizens, territory, freedom of navigation, and economic and trade interests. 
seams and a plan to enhance unity of effort among the combatant commands with responsibility for the Arctic region, as well as among the Armed Forces. 
cooperation with partner nations that have mutual security interests in the Arctic region, including opportunities for sharing installations and maintenance facilities. 
AND REPORT ON MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
March 1, 2016, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees each of the following: 
reports and assessments under this section shall terminate on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly conduct a comprehensive assessment of potential roles for United States ground forces in the western Pacific in cooperation with host nations to deter and defeat aggression in the western Pacific region. 
FOR MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMY APPOINT MENTS .—Section 553 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 4346 note) is amended— 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is repealed. 
Section 1662 of the Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended— 
Readiness, Veterans’ Care, Katrina Recovery, and Iraq Accountability Appropriations Act, 2007 (Public Law 110–28; 10 U.S.C. 1073 note) is amended— 
Section 574 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 20 U.S.C. 7703b note) is amended— 
United States Code, is amended by striking section 228. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by striking the item relating to section 228. 
United States Code, is amended by striking section 10542. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by striking the item relating to section 10542. 
Section 2805 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2149) is repealed. 
SUBMISSION .—Section 922 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 
the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2306a) is repealed. 
TRANSPORTATION AT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RATES FOR NONDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FEDERAL CARGOES .—Section 351 of the 
Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPLY STORES PROGRAM .—Section 345 of the Strom Thurmond 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 112 Stat. 1978) is amended— 
Section 7306 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
on which the President submits to Congress a budget for a fiscal year pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the Maritime Administration authorization request for that fiscal year. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘Maritime Administration authorization request’ means a proposal for legislation that, for a fiscal year— 
sections at the beginning of chapter 501 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 50111 and inserting the following new item: 
required to submit to the congressional defense committees a report, or updates to such a report, on open architecture as described in Senate Report 110–077. 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2034; 22 U.S.C. 5951 note) is amended— 
GOVERNMENT VISION PRESCRIBED IN THE NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY .—Section 1072 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1592; 50 U.S.C. 3043 note) is amended— 
sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 2352. 
Section 1034 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4593) is repealed. 
OFMEMBERS IN INTEGRATED DISABILITY EVALUATION SYSTEM ON READINESS REQUIRE MENTS .—Section 528 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1725) is repealed. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FACILITIES AND AC TIVITIES .—Section 335 of the Duncan Hunter 
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 218 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— 
Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 1882; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
ASSETS .—Section 351 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 221 note) is hereby repealed. 
SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS OF REPORTS REQUIRED OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BY STATUTE. 
in this subsection is a report that is required to be submitted to Congress by the Department of Defense, or by any officer, official, component, or element of the Department, by any annual national defense authorization Act as of April 1, 2015. 
February 1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes each of the following: 
provision of law under which the report is required to be submitted. 
of subtitle A, and at the beginning of part I of such subtitle, are each amended by striking the item relating to chapter 19 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘§ 130e. Treatment under Freedom of Information Act of certain critical infrastructure security information’’ . 
chapter 19 is amended by striking the item relating to section 391 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘391. Reporting on cyber incidents with respect to networks and information systems of operationally critical contractors and certain other contractors.’’. 
subchapter I of chapter 21 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 429 
‘‘only so long at’’ and inserting ‘‘only so long as’’. 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2015.—Effective as of December 19, 2014, and as if included therein as enacted, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended as follows: 
amended by inserting ‘‘in the table of sections’’ before ‘‘at the beginning of’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘section 12102 of title 42, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102)’’. 
by striking ‘‘of Fiscal Year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘for Fiscal Year’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘United State Code’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Code’’. 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4578) by striking the second period at the end of the first sentence. 
MADE BY THISACT.—For purposes of applying amendments made by provisions of this Act other than this section, the amendments made by this section shall be treated as having been enacted immediately before any such amendments by other provisions of this Act. 
PLACES OF PUBLIC USE, GOVERNMENT FACILITIES, PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS, AND INFRASTRUCTURE FACILITIES. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facilities 
Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense may provide assistance in support of Department of Justice activities related to the enforcement of section 2332f of title 18 during situations involving bombings of places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facilities. 
explosive ordnance disposal units providing renderingsafe support to Department of Justice activities relating to the enforcement of section 175, 229, or 2332a of title 18 in emergency situations involving weapons of mass destruction shall provide such support in a manner consistent with the provisions of section 382 of this title. 
Defense and the Attorney General shall jointly prescribe regulations concerning the types of assistance that may be provided under this section. Such regulations shall also describe the actions that Department of Defense personnel may take in circumstances incident to the provision of assistance under this section. 
‘‘(iii) Any direct participation in the collection of intelligence for law enforcement purposes. 
the immediate protection of human life, and civilian law enforcement officials are not capable of taking the action. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facilities.’’. 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the following new section: 
Defense shall designate a senior official from among the personnel of the Department of Defense to act as the Department of Defense executive agent for the management and oversight of alternative compensatory control measures. 
sections at the beginning of subchapter I of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
the close of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the oversight and management of alternative compensatory control measures. Each such report shall include— 
compensatory control measures program and of the number of individuals with access to such program; and 
‘‘[t]he national defense airlift objective is to ensure that military and civil airlift resources will be able to meet defense mobilization and deployment requirements in support of US defense and foreign policies.’’. 
the importance of both military and civil airlift resources and their interdependence in the fulfillment of the national defense airlift objective, and it states that the ‘‘Department of Defense shall establish appropriate levels for peacetime cargo airlift augmentation in order to promote the effectiveness of Civil Reserve Air Fleet and provide training within the military airlift system.’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
important component of the military airlift system in support of United States defense and foreign policies, and it is the policy of the United States to maintain the readiness and interoperability of Civil Reserve Air Fleet carriers by providing appropriate levels of peacetime airlift augmentation to maintain networks and infrastructure, exercise the system, and interface effectively within the military airlift system.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
Department of Defense augments its airlift capability by use of civil aircraft.’’. 
President submits the budget to Congress for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that sets forth, for each fiscal year during the period covered by the current futureyears defense program under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, each of the following, expressed separately for passenger and cargo airlift services: 
justification materials) of an assessment, conducted in consultation with the Civil Reserve Air Fleet carriers, of the level of commercial airlift augmentation necessary to maintain the readiness and interoperability of such carriers, maintain networks and infrastructure, exercise the system, and facilitate the regular interfacing between such carriers and the military airlift system, which shall include— 
hours necessary to achieve such levels of commercial airlift augmentation; 
the Memorandum of the Secretary of Defense dated March 18, 2014, regarding the recommendations of the reviews of the Washington Navy Yard shooting, the Secretary of Defense shall develop plans and schedules— 
capability for the national security population for which clearance adjudications are conducted by the Department of Defense Central Adjudication Facility, in coordination with the heads of other relevant agencies; 
Threat Management and Analysis Center and component insider threat programs, and 
programs with continuous evaluation capabilities and processes for personnel security; 
reform investment strategy to ensure a consistent, longterm focus on funding to strengthen all of the Department’s security and insider threat programs, policies, functions, and information technology capabilities, including detecting threat behaviors conveyed in the cyber domain, in a manner that keeps pace with evolving threats and risks; 
contained in the study conducted by the Director of Cost Analysis and Program Evaluation required by section 907 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1564 note), including, specifically, the recommendations to centrally manage and regulate Department of Defense requests for personnel security background investigations. 
later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— 
physical and logical access standards, capabilities, and processes applicable to all personnel with access to Department of Defense installations and information technology systems, including— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall— 
to support common electronic access to critical Government records; and 
than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chair of the Performance Accountability Council shall ensure that— 
serve as the reciprocity management system for the Federal Government; and 
of enactment of this Act, the Chair of the Performance Accountability Council, in coordination with the Security Executive Agent, the Suitability Executive Agent, and the Secretary of Defense, shall jointly develop a plan to— 
Agent Directive on common, standardized employee and contractor security reporting requirements; 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
and ‘Suitability Executive Agent’ mean the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability Executive Agent, respectively, established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto.’’. 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
(iii) by striking ‘‘for the purpose of determining eligibility for any of the following:’’ and inserting ‘‘, in accordance with Federal Investigative Standards jointly promulgated by the Suitability Executive Agent and Security Executive Agent, for the purpose of— 
Memorandum ‘Assignment of Functions Relating to Coverage of Contractor Employee Fitness in the Federal Investigative Standards’, dated December 6, 2012; 
Drug Enforcement Assistance Act of 1988 (subtitle E of title VII of Public Law 100–690; 102 Stat. 4424) and the amendments made by that Act; or 
record depository shall allow a covered agency to conduct both biometric and biographic searches of criminal history record information. 
construed to prohibit the Federal Bureau of Investigation from requiring a request for criminal history record information to be accompanied by the fingerprints of the individual who is the subject of the request.’’. 
5, United States Code, is amended by striking the third sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘The term includes those records of a State or locality sealed pursuant to law if such records are accessible by State and local criminal justice agencies for the purpose of conducting background checks.’’. 
terms ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ and ‘‘Suitability Executive Agent’’ mean the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability Executive Agent, respectively, established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto. 
(ii) DEVELOPMENT ; PROMULGATION .—The Security Executive Agent shall— 
(II) not later than 120 days after the date of 
Congress that the Federal Government should not uniformly reject applicants for employment with the Federal Government or Federal contractors based on— 
AND INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES ABROAD .—Section 9101 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
in accordance with the applicable provisions of this section, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Overseas Citizens Services shall make available criminal history record information collected by the Deputy Assistant Secretary with respect to an individual who is under investigation by the covered agency regarding any interaction of the individual with a law enforcement agency or 
this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
United States Code, as amended by this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
of Federal education programs regarding criminal history record information; 
on the sharing of information relevant to a background investigation, other than criminal history record information, between— 
REPORT ON ENHANCING INTEROPER ABILITY AND REDUCING REDUNDANCY IN FED ERAL CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION  
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the background check, access control, and credentialing requirements of Federal programs for the protection of critical infrastructure and key resources. 
of each such Federal program, including the types of infrastructure and resources covered; 
whether mandatory or voluntary in nature, for regulated entities under each such program to— 
check, including the utilization of a standardized set of disqualifying offenses or the consideration of minor, nonviolent, or juvenile offenses; and 
deter unauthorized access, or provide a security credential for any level of access to a covered facility or resource; 
Screening Coordination Office of the Department of Homeland Security has undertaken or plans to undertake to harmonize or standardize background check, access control, or credentialing requirements for critical infrastructure and key resource protection programs overseen by the Department; and 
(iv) recommendations, developed in consultation with appropriate stakeholders, regarding— 
background checks or credentials across existing critical infrastructure and key resource protection programs; 
standards for identifying potentially disqualifying criminal offenses and the weight assigned to minor, nonviolent, or juvenile offenses in adjudicating the results of a completed background check; and 
based standards with respect to the background check, access control, and security credentialing requirements for critical infrastructure and key resource protection programs. 
and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
Intelligence, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and 
Council’’ means the Suitability and Security Clearance Performance Accountability Council established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto. 
CORPORATION FOR THE PROMOTION OF RIFLE PRACTICE AND FIREARMS SAFETY. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
18 years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘is legally of age’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
other than caliber .22 rimfire and caliber .30 rifles, the corporation shall obtain a license as a dealer in firearms and abide by all requirements imposed on persons licensed under chapter 44 of title 18, including maintaining acquisition and disposition records, and conducting background checks.’’. 
surplus caliber .45 M1911/M1911A1 pistols from the Army to the Corporation under the pilot program shall be made in accordance with subchapter II of chapter 407 of title 36, United States Code. 
days after the Secretary initiates the pilot program under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress an interim report on the pilot program. 
after the Secretary completes the pilot program under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a final report on the pilot program. 
Secretary of the Air Force may not take any 
TEMPORARY TRANSFER .—In the case of an aircraft transferred from a reserve component of the Air Force to the regular component of 
TO ASSESS THE THREAT TO THE UNITED STATES FROM ELECTROMAGNETIC PULSE ATTACK. 
section, the term ‘‘Commission charter’’ means title XIV of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–345 et seq.), as amended by section 1052 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 50 U.S.C. 2301 note) and section 1073 of the John Warner National Defense Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2403). 
the Commission charter (114 Stat. 1654A–345) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, from nonnuclear EMP weapons, from natural EMP generated by geomagnetic storms, and from proposed uses in the military doctrines of potential adversaries of using EMP weapons in combination with other attack vectors.’’. 
the Commission charter (114 Stat. 1654A–346) is amended to read as follows: 
from state and nonstate actors of a manmade EMP attack employing nuclear or non nuclear weapons. 
from the effects a manmade or natural EMP event. 
protected against manmade or natural EMP, which States should receive highest priority for protecting critical defense assets. 
critical infrastructure systems create cascading vulnerabilities for military systems.’’. 
budget is submitted to Congress for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2023, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a mine countermeasures (in this section referred to as ‘‘MCM’’) master plan. 
submarines that are not yet dedicated to MCM but could be modified to carry MCM capabilities. 
and surface MCM forces from the fleet to the unit level; and 
tactical control and awareness of such forces to facilitate mission accomplishment and defense. 
(ii) programs for transitioning such technologies from the testing and evaluation phases to procurement. 
MCM responsibilities, requirements, and capabilities, which shall include proposed methods to ensure the material readiness of each asset and the training level of the force, a general summary, and readiness trends. 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains the recommendations of the Secretary— 
of the surface MCM force through 2025 based on current capabilities and capacity, replacement schedules, and service life extensions or retirement schedules. 
Ship MCM mission package increment one performance against the initial operational test and evaluation criteria. 
available MCM systems that could supplement or supplant Littoral Combat Ship MCM mission package systems. 
BRIEFING REQUIREMENT ON ORDERED EVACUATIONS OF UNITED STATES EMBASSIES AND CONSULATES INVOLVING SUPPORT PROVIDED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
of Defense and the Secretary of State shall provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 15 days after the initiation of an ordered evacuation of a United States embassy or consulate involving support provided by the Department of Defense. 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
Committee on the Judiciary, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
Committee on the Judiciary, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
anthracis, also known as anthrax, from an Army laboratory to numerous laboratories located in many States and several countries that was discovered in May 2015 represents a serious safety lapse; 
Congress apprised of the investigation, any potential public health or safety risk, corrective actions taken, and plans to regularly reassess standards. 
Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 128 Stat. 1793) is amended— 
striking ‘‘140,000 gross square feet’’ and inserting ‘‘140,000 net usable square feet’’; 
striking ‘‘not more than the average’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘not more than the average of equivalent medical facility leases executed by the Department of Veterans Affairs over the last five years, plus 20 percent;’’; and 
striking ‘‘30year life cycle’’ and inserting ‘‘20year life cycle’’. 
MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
center, outpatient clinic, renovated domiciliary, and renovation of existing buildings in Canandaigua, New York, in an amount not to exceed $158,980,000. 
health and community living center in Long Beach, California, in an amount not to exceed $126,100,000. 
West Los Angeles, California, in an amount not to exceed $70,500,000. 
building and seismic corrections in San Diego, California, in an amount not to exceed $205,840,000. 
AGENT FOR CERTAIN CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Defense shall, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the heads of other appropriate departments and agencies of the United States Government, develop a strategy for the Department of Defense to counter unconventional warfare threats posed by adversarial state and non state actors. 
constitute unconventional warfare threats to the United States and allies. 
authorities and command structures necessary for countering unconventional warfare. 
interagency capabilities and wholeofGovernment activities required by the Department of Defense to support a counterunconventional warfare strategy. 
counterunconventional warfare capabilities, authorities, and command structures of the Department of Defense. 
In this section, the term ‘‘unconventional warfare’’ means activities conducted to enable a resistance movement or insurgency to coerce, disrupt, or overthrow a government or occupying power by operating through or with an underground, auxiliary, or guerrilla force in a denied area. 
authority to grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civilian personnel on official duty in a combat zone. 
for Department of the Navy employees performing work aboard or dockside in support of the nuclearpowered aircraft carrier forward deployed in Japan. 
civilian employees of the Department of Defense based upon unacceptable performance. 
waive annual limitation on premium pay and aggregate limitation on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. 
of the workforce to improve the technical skills and expertise at certain Department of Defense laboratories. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
establish procedures to provide that, in implementing any reduction in force for civilian positions in the Department of Defense in the competitive service or the excepted service, the determination of which employees shall be separated from employment in the Department shall be made primarily on the basis of performance, as determined under any applicable performance management system.’’. 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense should proceed with the collaborative work with employee representatives on the ‘‘New Beginnings’’ performance management and workforce incentive system authorized under section 1113 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 5 U.S.C. 9902 note) and begin implementation of the new system at the earliest possible date. 
AUTHORITY TO GRANT ALLOWANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATUITIES TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFICIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 109–234; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4616) and as most recently amended by section 1102 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3525), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
PAY FOR DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY EMPLOYEES PERFORMING WORK ABOARD OR DOCKSIDE IN SUPPORT OF THE NUCLEARPOWERED AIRCRAFT CARRIER FORWARD DEPLOYED IN JAPAN. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. 
Section 1107 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 888) is amended— 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
within the competitive service at the Department of Defense; or 
sections at the beginning of chapter 81 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
end before the period the following: ‘‘, or any individual covered by section 1599e of title 10’’; 
the following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to any individual covered by section 1599e of title 10.’’; 
and inserting ‘‘or, except as provided in section 1599e of title 10, who’’; 
‘‘except as provided in section 1599e of title 10,’’ before ‘‘who’’; and 
FOR CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASED UPON UNACCEPTABLE PERFORMANCE. 
United States Code, as amended by section 1105, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1599f. United States Cyber Command recruitment and retention 
service, such qualified positions in the Department of Defense as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the responsibilities of the United States Cyber Command, including— 
United States Cyber Command enterprise relating to cyberspace operations, including elements assigned to the Joint Task Force Department of Defense Information Networks; and 
position (after taking into consideration the availability of preference eligibles for appointment to the position); and 
this subsection applies without regard to the provisions of any other law relating to the appointment, number, classification, or compensation of employees. 
maximum rates of pay established for such employees by law or regulation. 
adopt such provisions of that title to provide for prevailing rate systems of basic pay; and 
may provide employees in qualified positions compensation (in addition to basic pay), including benefits, incentives, and allowances, 
consistent with, and not in excess of the level authorized for, comparable positions authorized by title 5. 
workforce needs of the United States Cyber Command across the futureyears defense plan. 
construed to impair the continued effectiveness of a collective bargaining agreement with respect to an office, component, subcomponent, or equivalent of the Department that is a successor to an office, component, subcomponent, or equivalent of the Department covered by the agreement before the succession. 
one year after the date of the enactment of this section and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, in coordination with the Secretary, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a detailed report on the administration of this section during the most recent oneyear period. 
critical need of the Department to recruit and retain employees in qualified positions. 
‘‘(iii) Any actions taken during the reporting period to fulfill such critical need. 
positions hired, disaggregated by occupation, grade, and level or pay band. 
‘‘(ii) The placement of employees in qualified positions, disaggregated by military department, Defense Agency, or other component within the Department. 
‘‘(iii) The total number of veterans hired. ‘‘(iv) The number of separations of employees in qualified positions, disaggregated by occupation and grade and level or pay band. 
‘‘(vi) The number and amounts of recruitment, relocation, and retention incentives paid to employees in qualified positions, disaggregated by occupation, grade, and level or pay band. 
to supervisors of employees in qualified positions at the Department on the use of the new authorities. 
The probationary period for all employees hired under the authority established in this section shall be three years. 
the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
meaning given that term in section 2103 of title 5. 
position, designated by the Secretary for the purpose of this section, in which the individual occupying such position performs, manages, or supervises functions that execute the responsibilities of the United States Cyber Command relating to cyber operations. 
has the meaning given that term in section 2101a of title 5.’’. 
‘‘(iv) any position established as a qualified position in the excepted service by the Secretary of Defense under section 1599f of title 10;’’. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 81 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1105, is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
TO WAIVE ANNUAL LIMITATION ON PREMIUM PAY AND AGGREGATE LIMITATION ON PAY FOR FEDERAL CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES WORKING OVERSEAS. 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public 
Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4615), as most recently amended by section 1101 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2016’’. 
authorities that shall be available for use by the director of a Department of Defense laboratory under the pilot program are the following: 
of this paragraph, authority otherwise available to the director by law (and within the available budgetary resources of the laboratory) to appoint qualified scientific and technical personnel who are not currently Department of Defense civilian employees into any scientific or technical position in the laboratory for a period of more than one year but not more than six years. 
this paragraph shall be provided with benefits comparable to those provided to similar employees at the laboratory concerned, including professional development opportunities, eligibility for all laboratory awards programs, and designation as ‘‘status applicants’’ for the purposes of eligibility for positions in the Federal service. 
workforce size of a laboratory in connection with compliance with section 955 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1896; 10 U.S.C. 129a note), any individual serving in an appointment under this paragraph shall be treated as a fractional employee of the laboratory, which fraction is— 
(ii) the average length of tenure of a career 
employee at the laboratory, as calculated at the end of the last fiscal year ending before the date of the most recent appointment or extension of the individual under this paragraph. 
from service under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of the pilot program; and 
authorized under section 3523 of such title without regard to— 
may carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of the temporary assignment of covered employees of the Department of Defense to nontraditional defense contractors and of covered employees of such contractors to the Department. 
the Department of Defense or a nontraditional Defense contractor is a covered employee for purposes of this section if the employee— 
the Department of Defense, the nontraditional defense contractor concerned, and the employee concerned regarding the terms and conditions of the employee’s assignment under this section. 
the Department or of the contractor (as the case may be) fails to carry out the agreement, or if the employee is voluntarily separated from the service of the employee’s agency before the end of the period stated in the agreement, the employee shall be liable to the United States for payment of all expenses of the assignment unless that failure or voluntary separation was for good and sufficient reason, as determined by the Secretary. 
this section may, at any time and for any reason, be terminated by the Department of Defense or the nontraditional defense contractor concerned. 
section shall be for a period of not less than three months and not more than one year. 
SECTOR EMPLOYEES .—An employee of a nontraditional defense contractor who is assigned to a Department of Defense organization under this section— 
606, 607, 643, 654, 1905, and 1913 of title 18, United States Code, and any other conflict of interest statute; 
28, United States Code (popularly known as the Federal Tort Claims Act), and any other Federal tort liability statute; 
United States Code, relating to compensation for workrelated injuries; and 
nonpublic information which is of commercial value to the contractor from which such employee is assigned. 
COSTS TO FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .—A nontraditional defense contractor may not charge the Department of Defense or any other agency of the Federal Government, as direct or indirect costs under a Federal contract, the costs of pay or benefits paid by the contractor to an employee assigned to a Department organization under this section for the period of the assignment. 
of employees of the Department of Defense who may be assigned to nontraditional defense contractors under this section at any given time may not exceed the following: 
EMPLOYEES .—The total number of nontraditional defense contractor employees who may be assigned to the Department under this section at any given time may not exceed 10 such employees. 
AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN ACQUISITION AND TECHNOLOGY POSITIONS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
level in a scientific, technical, professional, or acquisition management field; and 
for a position at a rate in excess of 150 percent of the rate of basic pay payable for level I of the Executive Schedule, upon the approval of the Secretary of Defense. 
of basic pay for a position under this section shall terminate on October 1, 2020. 
this subsection are scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics positions, including technicians, within the defense acquisition workforce. 
given that term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. 
given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
candidates to positions under the pilot program shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
this subsection are scientific and engineering positions within the defense acquisition workforce. 
the term ‘‘employee’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. 
appointments under this section shall not be available after December 31, 2020. 
support for coalition forces supporting certain United States military operations. 
overseas humanitarian, disaster, and civic aid programs of the Department of Defense. 
national military forces of allied countries for counterterrorism operations in Africa. 
military intelligence units provided by the Department of Defense. 
to entities in Yemen controlled by the Houthi movement. 
products and services produced in countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan. 
operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. 
and protection of Iranian dissidents living in Camp Liberty, Iraq. 
production, deployment, and sale or transfer to other states or nonstate actors of the Club K cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. 
assessment of proposal to modify or introduce new aircraft or sensors for flight by the Russian Federation under the Open Skies Treaty. 
funds relating to sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. 
to procure and sustain nonstandard rotary wing aircraft historically procured through Rosoboronexport. 
capability of foreign countries to respond to incidents involving weapons of mass destruction. 
States ground forces in Eastern Europe to deter aggression on the border of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
SUPPORT FOR COALITION FORCES SUPPORTING CERTAIN UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘during the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 31, 2016’’; and 
in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall develop and issue to the Department of Defense a strategic framework for Department of Defense security cooperation to guide prioritization of resources and activities. 
programs, overall and by combatant command, and the extent to which these programs— 
Department of State security assistance programs to achieve United States Government goals globally, regionally, and, if appropriate, within specific programs. 
(ii) partner nation variables and conditions, such as political will, absorptive capacity, corruption, and instability risk, that impact the likelihood of a security cooperation program achieving its primary objectives, priorities, and desired endstates; 
(iii) constraints or limitations due to bureaucratic impediments, interagency processes, or congressional requirements; 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
effective on the date that is 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
1205 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 897; 32 U.S.C. 107 note) is amended to read as follows: 
between members of the National Guard of a State or territory and any of the following: 
established under this subsection shall be known as a ‘State Partnership’.’’. 
FUND .—Not later than 180 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a joint assessment of the feasibility and advisability of establishing a central fund to manage funds for programs and activities under the Department of Defense State Partnership Program under section 1205 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014, as amended by this section. 
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
such section is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. 
RECIPROCAL EXCHANGES OF DEFENSE PERSONNEL BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
LIMITATIONS FOR AUTHORITY TO BUILD THE CAPACITY OF FOREIGN SECURITY FORCES. 
all that follows through ‘‘section 4301’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2015 or 2016 for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance’’; and 
year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year specified in that paragraph’’. 
NATIONAL MILITARY FORCES OF ALLIED COUNTRIES FOR COUNTERTERRORISM OPERATIONS IN AFRICA. 
is authorized, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide, on a nonreimbursable basis, logistic support, supplies, and services to the national military forces of an allied country conducting counterterrorism operations in Africa if the Secretary of Defense determines that the provision of such 
such support was provided, and the objectives of such support. 
the support provided under this section during the period covered by such report facilitated the national military forces of allied countries so supported in conducting counterterrorism operations in Africa. 
this section may not be exercised after September 30, 2018. 
MILITARY INTELLIGENCE UNITS PROVIDED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
days after each calendar halfyear beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and ending with the second calendar halfyear of 2017, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall submit to the Committees of Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the following: 
to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense by this Act may be used to provide security assistance to an entity in Yemen that is controlled by members of the Houthi movement. 
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’. 
later than 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a copy of the guidance issued by the Secretary to the Armed Forces concerning the Commanders’ Emergency Response Program in Afghanistan as revised to take into account the amendments made by this section. 
amounts available pursuant to section 1201 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, as amended by this section, shall also be available for ex gratia payments for damage, personal injury, or death that is incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces in Iraq. 
total amount of payments made pursuant to this subsection in fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $5,000,000. 
AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PROVIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1222 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3547), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
‘‘during fiscal year 2015 may not exceed $1,200,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $1,160,000,000’’; and 
for Fiscal Year 2015 (128 Stat. 3548), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. 
operations in North Waziristan that are contributing to significantly disrupting the safe haven and freedom of movement of the Haqqani Network in Pakistan; 
coordinates with the Government of Afghanistan to restrict the movement of militants, such as the Haqqani Network, along the AfghanistanPakistan border. 
(ii) sustaining critical infrastructure within the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, such as maintaining key ground lines of communication; 
between the Pakistan military and the Pakistan Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkwha. 
funds were expended, including the amount expended on such organization and the number of members of such organization trained with such amount. 
DRAWDOWN OF UNITED STATES FORCES .—An assessment of the risks to the mission in Afghanistan associated with any drawdown of United States forces that occurred during the period covered by such report.’’. 
1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as amended by section 1231 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3556), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
of such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2017’’. 
striking ‘‘Force’’ and inserting ‘‘Force (or any successor name for such Force)’’; 
inserting ‘‘Force (or any successor name for such Force),’’; and 
inserting ‘‘Force (or any successor name for such Force);’’. 
Act (41 U.S.C. 403)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 133 of title 41, United States Code’’. 
2017.’’ and inserting ‘‘the date such visas are exhausted.’’. 
OF THE AFGHAN SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISA PRO GRAM .—Not later than June 1, 2016, and every 
six months thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report that contains— 
force presence in Afghanistan during the previous 6 months; 
or nationals who will be employed by or on behalf of such entities. 
year 2015’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $80,000,000.’’; and 
gaps in the security forces of Iraq, including capability gaps relating to intelligence matters, protection of Iraq airspace, and logistics and maintenance, and a current description of the extent, if any, to which the Government of Iraq has requested assistance in addressing such capability gaps. 
of effectiveness used to evaluate the activities of the Office of the Security Cooperation in Iraq, and an analysis of any determinations to expand, alter, or terminate specific activities of the Office based on such evaluations. 
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— 
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
February 15, 2016, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a strategy for the Middle East and to counter violent extremism. 
state for the United States in the Middle East and with respect to violent extremism. 
weakening and failing of states in the Middle East. 
by the Department of Defense to counter ISIL’s illicit oil revenues. 
to carry out the strategy, and the expected lines of effort of such a coalition. 
to disrupt and prevent foreign fighters traveling to Syria and Iraq and to disrupt and prevent foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq traveling to the United States. 
DEFINED .—In the section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LEVANT. 
1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3559) is amended— 
by striking ‘‘30 days’’ and inserting ‘‘90 days’’; and 
striking ‘‘Sections 40 and 40A’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 40A’’; and 
section 3 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2753). 
chapter 2 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2311 et seq.).’’; and 
section, as so amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of the extent to which the Government of Iraq is increasing political inclusiveness, addressing the grievances of ethnic and sectarian minorities, and enhancing minority integration in the political and military structures in Iraq. 
Defense and the Secretary of State shall consider the following factors: 
of Iraq is taking steps to reduce support among the Iraqi people for the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and improve stability in Iraq. 
‘‘(ii) The progress of efforts to enact legislation establishing the Iraqi National Guard, particularly in predominantly Sunni regions. 
of Iraq is expanding the representation of minorities in adequate numbers in government security organizations and providing for the training and equipping of such forces. 
ending support for Shia militias under the command and control of, or associated with, the Government of Iran, and stopping abuses of elements of the Iraqi population by such militias. 
addressing grievances regarding the arrest and detention without trial of ethnic and sectarian minorities or is taking steps to prosecute such individuals that are detained in a fair, transparent, and prompt manner. 
under section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3558), as so amended, may not be provided to the Government of Iraq after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the appropriate congressional committees, after the date of the enactment of this Act, that the Government of Iraq has taken such actions as may be reasonably necessary to safeguard against such assistance being transferred to or acquired by violent extremist organizations. 
of equipment or supplies transferred to the violent extremist organization. 
(ii) A description of the criteria used to determine that the organization is a violent extremist organization. 
equipment or supplies were transferred to or acquired by the violent extremist organization. 
(iv) If the equipment or supplies are determined to remain under the current control of the violent extremist organization, a description of the organization, including its relationship, if any, to the security forces of the Government of Iraq. 
or other policies and procedures in place in order to prevent equipment or supplies to be transferred to or acquired by violent extremist organizations. 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
The term ‘‘violent extremist organization’’ means an organization that— 
control of, or is associated with, the Government of Iran. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. 
United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve for the most recent month for which data is available, delineated by Armed Force and component (including whether regular, National Guard, or Reserve). 
following the date on which the report is submitted of the total number of members of the United States Armed Forces expected to be deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve, delineated by Armed Force and component (including whether regular, National Guard, or Reserve). 
limitations on the number of United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. 
reports under this section shall terminate on the earlier of— 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report setting forth a description of the military support the Secretary considers necessary to provide to recipients of assistance under section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541) upon their return to Syria to ensure their ability to meet the intended purposes of such assistance. 
(ISIS), the Jabhat AlNusra Front, alQaeda, the Khorasan Group, or any other violent extremist organization 
(ii) The Syrian Arab Army or any group or 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a strategy for Syria. 
the military campaign in Syria and Iraq is integrated. 
section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 is amended— 
with milestones, and anticipated delivery schedule for such assistance.’’. 
JORDAN AND THE GOVERNMENT OF LEBANON FOR BORDER SECURITY OPERATIONS. 
with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized to provide support on a reimbursement basis to the Government of Jordan and the Government of Lebanon for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Jordan and the armed forces of Lebanon to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Jordan and the border of Lebanon with Syria and Iraq, as applicable. 
for fiscal year 2016 and available for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations pursuant to section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393). 
for fiscal year 2016 for the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund pursuant to section 1534 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3616). 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United 
accordance with international agreements to promote the physical security and protection of residents of Camp Liberty, Iraq; 
its commitments to the United States to ensure the safety and wellbeing of those living in Camp Liberty; 
continued and reliable access to food, clean water, medical assistance, electricity and other energy needs, and any other equipment and supplies necessary to sustain the residents during periods of attack or siege by external forces; 
implementing a plan to provide for the safe, secure, and permanent relocation of Camp Liberty residents, including a detailed outline of steps that would need to be taken by recipient countries, the United States, the Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), and the Camp residents to relocate residents to other countries; 
between the residents of Camp Liberty and the authorities in the relocation process; and 
2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2542) is amended— 
section 1245, as amended by section 1277 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act 
Stat. 3592), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2025’’. 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to reports required to be submitted under section 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, as so amended, after that date. 
malign military and intelligence activities in the region and around the globe which constitute a significant threat to regional stability and the national security interests of the United States and our allies and partners; 
and unconventional military development, including its ballistic missile development programs, and its acquisition of destabilizing conventional weapons, which requires the United States to continue to support and build the collective capacity of our allies and partners in the region to address threats; 
sponsorship of terrorism, and the violation of the human rights of the Iranian people justify continued pressure by the United States; and 
enhance the region’s security architecture, build our partners’ capacity to respond to external aggression, increase the interoperability of our respective military forces, and continue to better integrate their advanced capabilities. 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 2 years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on— 
conducted by the Armed Forces or Department of Defense civilians with representatives of the military or paramilitary forces (including the IRGC Quds Force) of the Islamic Republic of Iran during the oneyear period ending on the date of the submission of the report; and 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
days after the Secretary determines that there is reasonable grounds to believe that the Russian Federation has tested, initially deployed, or sold or transferred to another state or nonstate actor the ClubK cruise missile system, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a notification of such determination. 
The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall include in military planning options for responding to the military threat posed by the Russian Federation testing, deployment, or sale or transfer to other states or nonstate actors the ClubK cruise missile system. 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
term ‘‘ClubK cruise missile system’’ means the ClubK cruise missile ‘‘container launcher’’ weapons system. 
shall not be in effect on and after the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
NUCLEAR WEAPONS BY RUSSIAN FEDERATION TO TERRITORY OF UKRAINIAN REPUBLIC OR RUSSIAN TERRITORY OF KALININGRAD. 
seven days after the Secretary of Defense determines that there is reasonable grounds to believe that the Russian Federation has deployed covered weapons systems onto the territory of the Ukranian Republic, or has deployed covered weapons systems onto the Russian territory of Kaliningrad, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a notification of such determination. 
The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall include in military planning options for responding to the military threat posed by the Russian Federation deploying covered weapons systems onto the territory of the Ukranian Republic, or deploying covered weapons system onto the Russian territory of Kaliningrad, including opportunities for allied cooperation in developing such responses based on consultation with such allies. 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘covered weapons systems’’ means weapons systems that can perform both conventional and nuclear missions, nuclear weapon delivery systems, and nuclear warheads. 
shall not be in effect on and after the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
nuclear groundlaunched cruise missile by the Russian Federation is in violation of the INF Treaty, and the Russian Federation should return to compliance with the INF Treaty; 
in the Russian Federation’s military strategy, and the continuing violation of the INF Treaty threatens the viability of the INF Treaty; 
end its cheating with respect to the INF Treaty, but also its illegal occupation of the sovereign territory of another nation, its plans for stationing nuclear weapons on that nation’s territory, and its cheating and violation of as many as eight of its 12 arms control obligations and agreements; and 
requirements that would be addressed by the development and deployment of systems currently prohibited by the INF Treaty. 
flighttested, deployed, or possesses a military system that has achieved an initial operating capability that is either a ground launched ballistic missile or ground launched cruise missile with a flighttested range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers; and 
after the date of the enactment, and every 120day period thereafter for a period of 5 years, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a notification on the status and content of updates provided to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and allies of the United States in East Asia, on the Russian Federation’s flight testing, operating capability and deployment of ground launched ballistic missiles or ground launched cruise missiles with a flighttested range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers, including updates on the status and a description of efforts with such allies to develop collective responses (including economic and military responses) to arms control violations of the Russian Federation (including violations of the INF Treaty). 
enhance the forces of the United States or allies of the United States, whether or not such capabilities are in compliance with the INF Treaty and including capabilities that may be acquired from allies of the United States. 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 201 and available for research, development, test, and evaluation, Defensewide, or otherwise made available, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out the development of capabilities pursuant 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the following: 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
ASSESSMENT OF PROPOSAL TO MODIFY OR INTRODUCE NEW AIRCRAFT OR SENSORS FOR FLIGHT BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION UNDER THE OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3563) is amended— 
sentence: ‘‘The assessment shall also include an assessment of the proposal by the commander of each combatant command potentially affected by the proposal, including an assessment of the potential effects of the proposal on operations and any potential vulnerabilities raised by the proposal.’’. 
funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for arms control implementation (PE 0305145F) may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the following: 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
FUNDS RELATING TO SOVEREIGNTY OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OVER CRIMEA. 
Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a notification of the waiver at the time the waiver is invoked. 
any bilateral militarytomilitary cooperation between the Governments of the United States and the Russian Federation until the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— 
occupation of Ukrainian territory and its aggressive activities that threaten the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and 
the terms of and taking steps in support of the Minsk Protocols regarding a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine. 
compliance of the United States with its obligations or the exercise of rights of the United States under any bilateral or multilateral arms control or nonproliferation agreement or any other treaty obligation of the United States; and 
logistical or other support to the conduct of United States or North Atlantic Treaty Organization military operations in Afghanistan or the withdrawal from Afghanistan. 
national security interest of the United States and a description of the national security interest covered by the waiver; and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
this paragraph is a year in which the President implements the New START Treaty and determines that any of the following circumstances apply: 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
means the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe, signed at Paris November 19, 1990, and entered into force July 17, 1992. 
means the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their IntermediateRange and ShorterRange Missiles, commonly referred to as the Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
START Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on February 5, 2011. 
of section 1245 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3566) is amended— 
and capabilities of Russian military forces stationed in each of the Arctic, Kaliningrad, and Crimea, including a description of any changes to such force structure or capabilities during the oneyear period ending on the date of such report and with a particular emphasis on the antiaccess and area denial capabilities of such forces. 
production, deployment, and sale or transfer to other states or nonstate actors of the ClubK cruise missile system by the Russian Federation.’’. 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an assessment, obtained by the Under Secretary for purposes of the report, of the feasibility 
and advisability of using alternative industrial base capabilities to procure and sustain, with parts and service, nonstandard rotary wing aircraft historically acquired through Rosoboronexport, or nonstandard rotary wing aircraft that are in whole or in part reliant upon Rosoboronexport for continued sustainment, in order to benefit United States national security interests. 
international industrial base capabilities, other than Rosoboronexport, to provide one or more of the following: 
and appropriate parts, spares, and consumables of such aircraft. 
of such aircraft through physical inspection, notwithstanding any current administrative requirements to the contrary. 
the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by title XV and available for overseas contingency operations as specified in the funding tables in division D, $300,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide appropriate security assistance and intelligence support, including training, equipment, and logistics support, supplies and services, to military and other security forces of the Government of Ukraine for the purposes as follows: 
combat capability to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity. 
in defending itself against actions by Russia and Russianbacked separatists that violate the ceasefire agreements of September 4, 2014, and February 11, 2015. 
intelligence, including by lease of such capabilities from United States commercial entities. 
weapon systems, mortars, crewserved weapons and ammunition, grenade launchers and ammunition, and small arms and ammunition. 
such as secure communications equipment and other electronic protection systems. 
such as planning, command and control, small unit tactics, counterartillery tactics, logistics, countering improvised explosive devices, battlefield first aid, postcombat treatment, and medical evacuation. 
security forces of other Partnership for Peace nations that the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate to assist in preserving their sovereignty and territorial integrity against Russian aggression. 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to constitute a specific statutory authorization for the introduction of United States Armed Forces into hostilities or into situations wherein hostilities are clearly indicated by the circumstances. 
may not be provided under the authority in this section after December 31, 2017. 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3592) is amended by striking ‘‘January 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
NATIONAL MILITARY FORCES IN THE COURSE OF MULTILATERAL EXERCISES. 
a multilateral exercise in which the United States Armed Forces are a participant; 
types of training the United States Armed Forces receive in the course of such multilateral exercise; and 
Partnership for Peace Framework Documents, but not a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
for a fiscal year for operation and maintenance, Army, and available for the Combatant Commands Direct Support Program for that fiscal year. 
for a fiscal year for operation and maintenance, Defensewide, and available for the Wales Initiative Fund for that fiscal year. 
a fiscal year pursuant to this subsection may be used for incremental expenses of training that begins in that fiscal year and ends in the next fiscal year. 
this section, the term ‘‘incremental expenses’’ means the reasonable and proper cost of the goods and services that are consumed by a country as a direct result of that country’s participation in training under the authority of this section, including rations, fuel, training ammunition, and transportation. Such term does not include pay, allowances, and other normal costs of a country’s personnel. 
2017, the President shall develop an overall strategy to promote United States interests in the IndoAsiaPacific region. Such strategy shall be informed by, but not limited to, the following: 
as it relates to United States interests in the IndoAsiaPacific region. 
Development Review, as it relates to United States interests in the IndoAsiaPacific region. 
Congress that a decision by the Government of Japan to purchase Aegis Ashore for its selfdefense, given that it already possesses seabased Aegis weapons systemequipped naval vessels, could create a significant opportunity for promoting interoperability and integration of air and missile defense capability, could provide for force multiplication benefits, and could potentially alleviate force posture requirements on multimission assets. 
later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a copy of the Department of Defense policy regarding foreign disclosure or technology release of Aegis Ashore capability to Japan. 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
is authorized, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, for the purpose of increasing maritime security and maritime domain awareness of foreign countries along 
foreign country, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a notification containing the following: 
for the provision of the assistance or training concerned, and its relationship to United States security interests. 
a timetable of planned expenditures of funds to implement the program, an implementation timeline for the program with milestones (including anticipated delivery schedules for any assistance under the program), the military department or component responsible for management of the program, and the anticipated completion date for the program. 
any, to support host nation sustainment of any capability developed pursuant to the program, and the source of funds to support sustainment efforts and performance outcomes to be achieved under the program beyond its completion date, if applicable. 
and an assessment framework to be used to develop capability and performance metrics associated with operational outcomes for the recipient force. 
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
may not be provided under this section after September 30, 2020. 
follows through ‘‘may be’’ and inserting ‘‘amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be’’; and 
made available for support of nonconventional assisted recovery activities under this subsection in any fiscal year may not exceed $25,000,000.’’. 
for Special Operations and LowIntensity Conflict shall have primary programmatic and policy oversight of nonconventional assisted recovery activities authorized by this section.’’. 
Control and Disarmament Act (22 U.S.C. 2593a) is amended to read as follows: 
subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary.’’. 
CONDUCT ACTIVITIES TO ENHANCE THE CAPABILITY OF FOREIGN COUNTRIES TO RESPOND TO INCIDENTS INVOLVING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. 
this section shall be construed to preclude the Department of Defense from assisting foreign countries in bringing their laws and regulations up to United States standards. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the security relationship between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. 
security cooperation between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. 
United States policy is consistent with overall United States security and policy objectives in the region. 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
interests of the United States that prompt efforts should be undertaken by North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies to meet defense budget commitments made in Declaration 14 of the Wales Summit Declaration of September 2014; 
posture of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization against Russian aggression and terrorist organizations and more appropriately balance the share of Atlantic defense spending; 
continue to support the opendoor policy of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, declared at the 2014 Summit in Wales that ‘‘NATO’s opendoor will remain open to all European democracies which share the values of our Alliance, which are willing and able to assume the responsibilities and obligations of membership, which are in a position to further the principles of the Treaty, and whose inclusion will contribute to the security of the North Atlantic area’’; and 
prepare the country for entrance into the Partnership for Peace (PfP) program; 
Greece to find a mutually agreeable solution to the name dispute between the two countries; and 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, provide the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing on the risks and benefits of the sale of fighter aircraft to Qatar pursuant to the July 2013 Letter of Request from the Government of Qatar. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
upon request of the Ministry of Defense of Israel and in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, is authorized to carry out research, development, test, and evaluation, on a joint basis with Israel, to establish antitunnel capabilities to detect, map, and neutralize underground tunnels that threaten the United States or Israel. Any activities carried out pursuant to such authority shall be conducted in a manner that appropriately protects sensitive information and United States and Israel national security interests. 
the rights to any intellectual property developed under the memorandum of agreement; and 
(iii) requires the United States Government to receive semiannual reports on expenditure of funds, if any, by the Government of Israel, including a description of what the funds have been used for, when funds were expended, and an identification of entities that expended the funds. 
not be provided under this subsection unless the Government of Israel contributes an amount not less than the amount of support to be so provided to the program, project, or activity for which the support is to be so provided. 
amount of support provided under this subsection in any year may not exceed $25,000,000. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
STATES GROUND FORCES IN EASTERN EUROPE TO DETER AGGRESSION ON THE BORDER OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth an assessment of options for expanding the presence of United States ground forces of the size of a Brigade Combat Team in Eastern Europe to respond, along with European allies and partners, to the security challenges posed by Russia and increase the combat capability of forces able to respond to unconventional or hybrid warfare tactics such as those used by the Russian Federation in Crimea and Eastern Ukraine. 
equipment, a rotational presence or permanent presence of troops, or a combination of options; and 
members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, or other European allies and partners, for enhancing force presence on a permanent or rotational basis in Eastern Europe to match or exceed the potential increased presence of United States ground forces in the region. 
an assessment of any impacts on United States national security interests in Europe of any proposed Brigadesized or other significant reduction in United States troop levels or materiel in Europe. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
REDUCTION FUNDS DEFINED .—In this title, the term ‘‘fiscal year 2016 Cooperative Threat 
Reduction funds’’ means the funds appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711). 
Of the $358,496,000 authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obligated for the purposes specified: 
of destruction of existing stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions. 
Joint Department of Defense Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing capital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the National Defense Sealift Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
agents and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter Drug Activities, Defensewide, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4501, for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense in providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries. 
the National SeaBased Deterrence Fund such sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 2017. 
is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
workingcapital fund to pay labor costs for the current project concerned. 
to provide for the exclusion of any particular category of employees of the Department of Defense from furlough due to absence of or inadequate funding.’’. 
as amended by section 1421, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
From amounts available for Working Capital Fund, Defense, the Secretary shall reserve up to $1,000,000,000, to remain available without fiscal year limitation, for petroleum market price fluctuations. Such amounts may only be disbursed if the Secretary determines such a disbursement is necessary to absorb volatile market changes in fuel prices without affecting the standard price charged for fuel. 
TO JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSEDEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
There is hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 from the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Explosive Device Defeat Fund for training of foreign security forces to defeat improvised explosive devices. 
is to authorize appropriations for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 to provide additional funds— 
not otherwise provided for, for operation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4303. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement accounts for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defensewide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4102. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4202. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and maintenance, as specified in— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4402. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing capital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter Drug Activities, Defensewide, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
by this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2016 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivisions thereof). 
under this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. 
authority provided by this section is in addition to the transfer authority provided under section 1001. 
the plans for the recruitment, integration, retention, training, treatment, and provision of appropriate facilities and transportation for women in the Afghan National Security Forces, including the challenges associated with such implementation and the steps being taken to address those challenges. 
with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall support, to the extent practicable, the efforts of the Government of Afghanistan to promote the security of Afghan women and girls during and after the security transition process through the development and implementation by the Government of Afghanistan of an Afghanled plan 
that should include the elements described in this paragraph. 
with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and working with the NATOled Resolute Support mission, should encourage the Government of Afghanistan to develop— 
(ii) a plan to increase the number of female 
security officers specifically trained to address cases of genderbased violence, including ensuring the Afghan National Police’s Family Response Units have the necessary resources and are available to women across Afghanistan; 
for units of National Police’s Family Response Units to fulfill their mandate as well as indicators measuring the operational effectiveness of these units; 
accountability mechanisms for Afghanistan National Army and Afghanistan National Police personnel who violate codes of conduct related to the human rights of women and girls, including female members of the Afghan National Security Forces; and 
the Department of Defense for the Afghan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2016, it is the goal that $25,000,000, but in no event less than $10,000,000, shall be used for— 
training, and treatment of women in the Afghan National Security Forces; and 
(II) the recruitment, training, and contracting of female security personnel for future elections. 
Ministry of Defense Directorate of Human Rights and Gender Integration and the Afghan Ministry of Interior Office of Human Rights, Gender and Child Rights; 
gender and human rights educational and training materials and programs within the Afghan Ministry of Defense and the Afghan Ministry of Interior; 
(IV) efforts to address harassment and violence against women within the Afghan National Security Forces; 
address the requirements of women serving in the Afghan National Security Forces, including appropriate equipment for female security and police forces, and transportation for policewomen to their station; 
(VI) support for Afghanistan National Police Family Response Units; and 
shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan and timeline for each of the following: 
activities, functions, and resources of the Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Agency to an office under the authority, direction, and control of a military department or a Defense Agency in existence as of October 1, 2015. 
Explosive Device Defeat Fund to a successor fund that provides for the continuation of current flexibility in funding the activities supported and enabled by the Fund. 
later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan and timeline that— 
not apply to the obligation of funds referred to in such subparagraph after September 30, 2016, for operations or operational support activities determined by the Secretary to be critical to force protection in overseas contingency operations. 
EXPLOSIVE DEVICE DEFEAT FUND FOR TRAINING OF FOREIGN SECURITY FORCES TO DEFEAT IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICES. 
USE OF CERTAIN FUNDS PROVIDED FOR OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
States shall submit to Congress a report specifying how all funds made available pursuant to section 1504 for operation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4303, are ultimately used. 
contracting with Russian suppliers of rocket engines for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program. 
funds for Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. 
review of intelligence input to the defense acquisition process. 
funds pending the submission of integrated policy to deter adversaries in cyberspace. 
vulnerabilities of major weapon systems of the Department of Defense. 
and considering findings and recommendations of Council of Governors on cyber capabilities of the Armed Forces. 
the United States on recommendations relating to nuclear enterprise of the Department of Defense. 
of cooperation and collaboration between United States and United Kingdom on nuclear issues and on 60th anniversary of Fleet Ballistic Missile Program. 
funds for Patriot lower tier air and missile defense capability of the Army. 
air and missile defense capabilities of the United States. 
multipleobject kill vehicle for missile defense of the United States homeland. 
of additional missile defense site in the United States and plan for expediting deployment time of such site. 
Comptroller General of the United States review and assessment of missile defense acquisition programs. 
missile defense sensor alternatives for enhanced defense of Hawaii. 
validated military requirement and Milestone A decision on prompt global strike weapon system. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
previous budget, the most recent and prior futureyears defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title, and the amounts appropriated for such programs during the previous fiscal year; and 
‘‘(ii) the specific identification, as a budgetary line item, for the funding under such programs. 
be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
with respect to a fiscal year, means the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget for that fiscal year.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 238 the following new item: 
United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Space Control Advisor shall be responsible for the following: 
related to the development, procurement, and employment of, and strategy relating to, space control capabilities. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2279 the following new item: 
United States Code, as amended by section 1602, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2279b. Council on Oversight of the Department of Defense Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Enterprise 
chaired by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
shall be responsible for oversight of the Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing enterprise, including positioning, navigation, and timing services provided to civil, commercial, scientific, and international users. 
activities of the Council during the previous fiscal year. 
the Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing enterprise made during the previous year, along with an explanation for why the changes were made and a description of the effects of the changes to the capability of such enterprise. 
in such budget that relates to the Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing enterprise, including how such program element relates to the operation and sustainment, research and development, procurement, or other activity of such enterprise. 
during the fiscal year covered by the budget and the four subsequent fiscal years; and 
such budget does not allow the Federal Government to meet such required capabilities, a description of the steps being taken to meet such required capabilities. 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees written notification of an anomaly in the Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing enterprise that is reported to the Secretary or the Council by not later than 14 days after the date on which the Secretary or the Council learns of such anomaly, as the case may be. 
means any unplanned, irregular, or abnormal event, whether unexplained or caused intentionally or unintentionally by a person or a system. 
amended by section 1602, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2279a the following new item: 
‘‘2279b. Council on Oversight of the Department of Defense Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Enterprise.’’. 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence shall jointly develop and implement a space science and technology strategy and shall review and, as appropriate, revise the strategy biennially. Functions of the Secretary under this section shall be carried out jointly by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the official of the Department of Defense designated as the Department of Defense Executive Agent for Space.’’. 
Section 913 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (10 U.S.C. 2281 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
1604 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3623; 10 U.S.C. 2273 note) is amended— 
approach, establish welldefined requirements with a clear acquisition strategy.’’. 
rocket propulsion system covered by such paragraph with an existing or new launch vehicle; and 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committee a briefing on— 
CONTRACTING WITH RUSSIAN SUPPLIERS OF ROCKET ENGINES FOR THE EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3626; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended to read as follows: 
awarded for the procurement of property or services for space launch activities that include the use of not more than a total of five rocket engines designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation that prior to February 1, 2014, were either fully paid for by the contractor or covered by a legally binding 
commitment of the contractor to fully pay for such rocket engines. 
Air Force shall discontinue the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capability arrangement, as structured as of the date of the enactment of this Act, for— 
designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation by not later than December 31, 2019; and 
with section 2306a of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary shall— 
of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary shall develop and carry out a 10year phased acquisition strategy, including near and long term, for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program. 
services or launch capability entered into by the Department of Defense and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration with certified evolved expendable launch vehicle providers; 
Defense, including with respect to launch capabilities and pricing data, that are met by such providers; 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the consolidation, during the oneyear period beginning on the date on which the plan is submitted, of the acquisition of wideband satellite communications necessary to meet the requirements of the Department of Defense for such communications, including with respect to military and commercial satellite communications. 
overhead costs relating to the acquisition of commercial satellite communications services across the Department of Defense; 
determines that such procurement is required to meet an urgent need. 
(ii) such waiver is in the interests of national security; and 
committees notice of such waiver and the justifications for such waiver. 
shall conduct an analysis of alternatives for a followon wideband communications system to the Wideband Global SATCOM System that includes space, air, and ground layer communications capabilities of the Department of Defense. 
metrics established by the Secretary to meet the goals of the pilot program.’’; 
President submits to Congress the budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020, the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the pilot program.’’; and 
access, capabilities, use, and freedom of action of the United States in space and the right of the United States to respond to an attack in space and, if necessary, deny adversaries the use of space capabilities hostile to the national interests of the United States; and 
shall ensure that the Department of Defense does not rely on, or in the future plan to rely on, spacebased weather data provided by the 
Government of the People’s Republic of China, the Government of the Russian Federation, or an entity owned or controlled by either such government for national security purposes. 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for the weather satellite followon system, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which— 
Staff certifies to the congressional defense committees that such plan will— 
develop a plan to address the requirements of the Department of Defense for cloud characterization and theater weather imagery. 
that compares the cost of meeting those requirements with DMSP20 and with an alternate material solution that includes electro optical infrared weather imaging or other comparable solutions. 
Congress that eliminating duplicative requirements and approvals for commercial launch and reentry operations will promote and encourage the development of the commercial space sector. 
reaffirms that the Secretary of Transportation, in overseeing and coordinating commercial launch and reentry operations, should— 
of property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States; and 
imposed to protect the public health and safety, safety of property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle; and 
requirement of one agency could result in the satisfaction of a requirement of another agency; and 
any outmoded or duplicative requirements or approvals of the Federal Government relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle. 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the Secretary of Transportation determines no outmoded or duplicative requirements or approvals of the Federal Government exist, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the commercial space sector, and the heads of other executive agencies, as appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: 
on a United States Government launch site, reentry site, or launch property; and 
(ii) any inconsistent, outmoded, or duplicative requirements or approvals. 
to coordinate and work across executive agencies to define interagency processes and procedures for sharing information, avoiding duplication of effort, and resolving common agency requirements. 
section 50902 of title 51, United States Code, shall apply; 
‘‘reentry’’ include landing of a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle; and 
launch site’’ and ‘‘United States Government reentry site’’ include any necessary facility, at that location, that is commercially operated on United States Government property. 
shall evaluate options for the use of current assets of the Department of Defense for the purpose of rapid reconstitution of critical spacebased warfighter enabling capabilities. 
United States Strategic Command, in cooperation with the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Air Force, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Commander of the United States Northern Command, shall conduct an evaluation of spacebased infrared systems to detect, track, and target, 
or to develop the capability to detect, track, and target, the full range of threats to the United States, deployed members of the Armed Forces, and allies of the United States. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Comptroller General of the United States a report and supporting documentation on the Global Positioning System III space segment, the Global Positioning System operational control segment, and the Military 
be addressed and the costs associated with such risks. 
later than 30 days after receiving that report; and 
It is the sense of Congress that a robust 
multimission space sensor network will be vital to ensuring a strong missile defense system. 
chapter 21 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1083, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a senior official of the Department of Defense to serve as the executive agent for the Department for opensource intelligence tools. 
tools with respect to compliance with the standards required by the framework and guidance for the Intelligence Community Information Technology Enterprise, the Defense Intelligence Information Enterprise, and the Joint Information Environment. 
meaning given the term ‘DoD Executive Agent’ in Directive 5101.1. 
tools’ means tools for the systematic collection, processing, and analysis of publicly available information for known or anticipated intelligence requirements.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 430a, as added by section 1083, the following new item: 
of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives.’’. 
to be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to execute— 
term ‘‘National Intelligence Program’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
FUNDS FOR OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR INTELLIGENCE. 
by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense for the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended for such Office until the Secretary of Defense identifies the intelligence gaps and establishes the written policy required by section 922 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 828). 
‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’, ‘‘intelligence community’’, and ‘‘National Intelligence Program’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the management of science and technology research and 
development programs and foreign materiel exploitation programs of Defense intelligence elements. 
such elements within the Department of Defense to better meet the needs of the Department and reduce unnecessary overhead. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, shall submit to Congress a report on the feasibility of using the Air National Guard in association with the active duty Air Force to operate and maintain the RQ–4 Global Hawk. 
the United States shall carry out a comprehensive review of the processes and procedures for the integration of intelligence into the defense acquisition process, consistent with the provision of classified information, and intelligence sources and methods. 
the integration of intelligence into the decision process, including with respect to the staffing and training of Defense intelligence personnel assigned to program offices, for the acquisition of weapon systems from initial requirements through the milestones process and upon final delivery; and 
systems to collect intelligence, without regard to whether that is the primary mission of such systems, and the plans for exploiting the collection of such intelligence; and 
941 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1889; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is transferred to chapter 19 of title 10, United States Code, inserted so as to appear after section 392, redesignated as section 393, and amended— 
misconduct’ means an act or omission that is taken— 
risk that is so great as to make it highly probable that the harm will outweigh the benefit.’’. 
‘‘391. Reporting on cyber incidents with respect to networks and information systems of operationally critical contractors and certain other contractors.’’; and 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
prepare, and coordinate; make ready all armed forces for purposes of; and, when appropriately authorized to do so, conduct, a military cyber operation in response to malicious cyber activity carried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign power (as such terms are defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)).’’. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 3 of such 
title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
FUNDS PENDING THE SUBMISSION OF INTEGRATED POLICY TO DETER ADVERSARIES IN CYBERSPACE. 
Until the President submits to the congressional defense committees the report required by section 941 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 837), $10,000,000 of the unobligated balance of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense to provide support services to the Executive Office of the President may not be obligated or expended. 
or otherwise made available in fiscal years 2014 and 2015 for procurement for the Army, not more than $10,600,000 may be used for the procurement of a relocatable Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility for the Cyber Center of Excellence at Fort Gordon, Georgia, as described in the reprogramming action prior approval request submitted by the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) to Congress on February 6, 2015. 
Department of Defense document titled ‘‘The Department of Defense Cyber Strategy’’ dated April 15, 2015. 
cyber capabilities could be acquired more quickly with changes to acquisition authorities. 
UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND TO DEFEND THE UNITED STATES FROM CYBER ATTACKS. 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, in consultation with the Principal Cyber Advisor, shall conduct a series of war games through the warfighting analysis division of the Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment Directorate to assess the strategy, assumptions, and capabilities of the United States Cyber Command to prevent largescale cyber attacks, by foreign powers with cyber attack capabilities comparable to the capabilities that China, Iran, North Korea, and Russia are expected to achieve in the years 2020 and 2025, from reaching United States targets. 
VULNERABILITIES OF MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
shall inform the congressional defense committees of the activities undertaken in the evaluation of major weapon systems under this section as part of the quarterly cyber operations briefings under section 484 of title 10, United States Code. 
of the evaluation of cyber vulnerabilities of major weapon systems of the Department 
under this section, the Secretary shall develop strategies for mitigating the risks of cyber vulnerabilities identified in the course of such evaluations. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a comprehensive plan for the United States Cyber Command to support civil authorities in responding to cyber attacks by foreign powers (as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)) against the United States or a United States person. 
(iv) Descriptions of the roles, responsibilities, and expectations of Federal, State, and local authorities as the Secretary understands them. 
frequently than once every two years until the date that is six years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the heads of the critical infrastructure sector specific agencies designated under Presidential Policy Directive21 (titled ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Security Resilience’’ and dated February 12, 2013) and in consultation with Governors of the States and the owners and operators of critical infrastructure, organize and execute one or more exercises based on scenarios in which— 
that is available to the Department of Defense about the attack, the means used in the attack, and the degree of delegation of authority from the President to react, including with preplanned responses. 
critical infrastructure in general and particularly in specific industry sectors. 
AND CONSIDERING FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF COUNCIL OF GOVERNORS ON CYBER CAPABILITIES OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should review and consider any findings and recommendations of the Council of Governors established under section 1822 of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 500; 32 U.S.C. 104 note) pertaining to cyber mission force requirements and any proposed reductions in and synchronization of the cyber capabilities of active or reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
MISSION .—Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of the Air Force, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force shall be responsible for overseeing the safety, security, reliability, effectiveness, and credibility of the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force. 
than March 1, 2016, the Chief of Staff shall designate a Deputy Chief of Staff to carry out the following duties: 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding after the item relating to section 8039 the following new item: 
Staff of the Air Force and other elements of the Air Force, guidance, directives, and orders to carry out such consolidation. 
2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on any actions taken or planned to be taken by the Secretary to reorganize, streamline, and clarify the responsibilities, authorities, accountabilities, and resources for carrying out the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force. Such report shall include the following: 
have been or will be issued by the Secretary, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, or other elements of the Air Force to ensure roles, responsibilities, authorities, and accountabilities are clear and institutionalized with respect to such mission. 
intercontinental ballistic missiles that are carried out in compliance with— 
of Net Assessment of the Department of Defense, in coordination with the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, shall conduct an assessment of the global environment with respect to nuclear weapons and the role of the nuclear forces, policy, and strategy of the United States in that environment. 
including contingencies and scenarios in Europe, the Middle East, South Asia, and East Asia, and contingencies and scenarios that transcend regions. 
States could adopt to improve its competitive position following such discontinuities. 
after the date on which the President submits to Congress the budget for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the costs of forwarddeploying nuclear weapons in Europe (not including costs relating to the life extension program for the B61 nuclear bomb). 
including with respect to sustainment (operations and maintenance) and manpower, to support forwarddeployed nuclear weapons in Europe, but not costs that are attributed to nonnuclear missions, during the fiscal year following the date of the briefing and the period covered by the futureyears defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, for that fiscal year. 
United States for security enhancements (sitebysite) relating to support for such forwarddeployed nuclear weapons and any other contributions, including burdenshare costs by the United States, for other security enhancements and upgrades relating to such forwarddeployed nuclear weapons, including infrastructure upgrades at weapons storage sites in Europe. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the justification of the number of planned nucleararmed cruise missiles, known as the longrange standoff weapon, of the United States. The report shall include— 
for research, development, test, and evaluation and procurement for such planned number of cruise missiles; and 
cost of such cruise missiles as compared to the annual cost of the nuclear triad and annual defense spending. 
OF THE UNITED STATES ON RECOMMENDATIONS RELATING TO NUCLEAR ENTERPRISE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
years 2016 through 2021, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the process of the Department of Defense for addressing the recommendations of the Department of Defense Internal Nuclear Enterprise Review, the Independent Review of the Department of Defense Nuclear Enterprise, and the Nuclear Deterrence Enterprise Review Group that are evaluated by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation. 
credibility of the nuclear deterrent of the United States is a vital national security priority. 
the commitment and prioritization of the Navy to the nuclear deterrence mission of the Navy; 
safe, secure, reliable, and credible seabased nuclear deterrent force has been matched by an equal emphasis on ensuring the assured safety, security, and control of nuclear weapons and related systems ashore; and 
the Navy has taken subsequent to the 2014 Nuclear Enterprise Review to ensure continued focus on the nuclear deterrent mission by all ranks within the Navy, including the clarification and assignment of specific responsibilities and authorities within the Navy contained in OPNAV Instruction 8120.1 and SECNAV Instruction 8120.1B. 
Strike Command initiated a force improvement program for the intercontinental ballistic missile force designed to improve mission effectiveness, strengthen culture and morale, and identify areas in need of investment by soliciting input from airmen performing intercontinental ballistic missile operations. 
force improvement program generated more than 300 recommendations to strengthen intercontinental ballistic missile operations 
and served as a model for subsequent force improvement programs in other mission areas, such as bomber operations and sustainment. 
force improvement program, the Air Force announced it would make immediate improvements in the nuclear mission of the Air Force, including enhancing career opportunities for airmen in the nuclear career field, ensuring training activities focused on performing the mission in the field, reforming the personnel reliability program, establishing special pay rates for positions in the nuclear career field, and creating a new service medal for nuclear deterrence operations. 
Welsh has said that, as part of the nuclear force improvement program, the Air Force will increase nuclearmanning levels and strengthen professional development for the members of the Air Force supporting the nuclear mission of the Air Force in order ‘‘to address shortfalls and offer our airmen more stable work schedule and better quality of life’’. 
James, in recognition of the importance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force, proposed elevating the grade of the commander of the Air Force Global Strike Command from lieutenant general to general, and on March 30, 2015, the Senate confirmed a general as commander of that command. 
$160,000,000 in fiscal year 2014 to alleviate urgent, nearterm shortfalls within the nuclear mission of the Air Force as part of the nuclear force improvement program. 
$200,000,000 on the nuclear force improvement program in fiscal year 2015, and requested more than $130,000,000 for the program for fiscal year 2016. 
on November 14, 2014, that ‘‘[t]he nuclear mission plays a critical role in ensuring the Nation’s safety. No other enterprise we have is more important’’. 
Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3654; 10 U.S.C. 491 note) declares it the policy of the United States ‘‘to ensure that the members of the Armed Forces who operate the nuclear deterrent of the United States have the training, resources, and national support required to execute the critical national security mission of the members’’. 
should be a top priority for the Department of the Air Force and for Congress; 
of the Air Force has made significant near term improvements for the members of the Air Force in the nuclear career field of the Air Force; 
progress being made under the nuclear force improvement program and its efforts to strengthen the nuclear enterprise; and 
actions that should be taken to optimize performance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force and maximize the strength of the strategic deterrent of the United States; and 
reflect the importance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force and the need to provide members of the Air Force assigned to the nuclear mission the best possible support and quality of life. 
1958 Mutual Defense Agreement and the 1963 Polaris Sales Agreement are fundamental elements of the security of the United States and the United Kingdom as well as international stability; 
purview of both the Mutual Defense Agreement and the Polaris Sales Agreement are critical to sustaining and enhancing the capabilities and knowledge base of both countries regarding nuclear deterrence, nuclear nonproliferation and counterproliferation, and naval nuclear propulsion. 
MISSILE PROGRAM .—It is the sense of Congress that— 
women of Strategic Systems Programs, their industry partners, and the Marines, Sailors, and Coast Guardsmen who stand watch ensuring the safety, security, and credibility of the strategic weapons of the United States; and 
strategic weapon system the programs provide, are a vital and esteemed cornerstone of the security and defense of the United States and will remain so well into the future. 
a plan regarding how the Secretary plans to implement the recommendations of the two nuclear enterprise reviews, one of which was led by Assistant Secretary of Defense Madelyn Creedon and Rear Admiral Peter Fanta and one of which was led by General Larry Welch (retired) and Admiral John Harvey, Jr. (retired); and 
Congress that, to support the nuclear deterrence requirements of the United States Strategic Command and ensure the credibility and reliability of the nuclearcapable air launched cruise missiles of the United States, Congress supports efforts by the Secretary of Defense to validate military requirements and make a Milestone A decision on the longrange standoff weapon. 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the outcome of Milestone A decision for the longrange standoff weapon. 
systems plays a critical role in ensuring the national security of the United States; and 
triad is among the highest priorities of the Department of Defense and will best maintain strategic stability at a reasonable cost, while hedging against potential technical problems and vulnerabilities. 
replace the triad of strategic nuclear delivery systems consisting of— 
missiles equipped with nuclear warheads that are capable of carrying multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles; and 
with submarine launched ballistic missiles and multiple nuclear warheads; 
replace a capability to forwarddeploy nuclear weapons and dualcapable fighter bomber aircraft; 
Armed Forces who operate the nuclear deterrent of the United States have the training, resources, and national support required to execute the critical national security mission of the members; and 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report examining the costs associated with extending the life of the Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile compared to the costs associated with procuring a new groundbased strategic deterrent. 
United States Code, as amended by section 1642, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 130h. Prohibitions on providing certain 
authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be used to provide the Russian Federation with ‘hittokill’ technology and telemetry data for missile defense interceptors or target vehicles. 
be appropriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be used to provide the Russian Federation with— 
burnout of missile defense interceptors or targets of the United States; or 
sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 1642, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 130g the following new item: 
‘‘130h. Prohibitions on providing certain missile defense information to Russian Federation.’’. 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 922), as amended by section 1243 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3568), is further amended— 
MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION INTO MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS OF UNITED STATES. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal years 2016 or 2017 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to integrate a missile defense system of the Russian Federation into any missile defense system of the United States. 
MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS OF CHINA INTO MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS OF UNITED STATES. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to integrate a missile defense system of the People’s Republic of China into any missile defense system of the United States. 
FUNDS FOR PATRIOT LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITY OF THE ARMY. 
the congressional defense committees that the analysis of alternatives regarding the Patriot lower tier air and missile defense capability of the Army has been submitted to such committees; 
improvements, the digital sidelobe canceller, or the radar digital processor of the lower tier air and missile defense program of the Army. 
expends funds only in amounts necessary to avoid such unacceptable risk to mission performance. 
for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, acting through the Missile Defense Executive Board, shall ensure the interoperability and integration of the covered air and missile defense capabilities of the United States, including by carrying out operational testing. 
committees notification of such waiver, including an explanation for how such waiver will not negatively affect demonstrating the interoperability and integration among the covered air and missile defense capabilities of the United States. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, each covered commander shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff an assessment on opportunities for the integration and interoperability of covered air and missile defense capabilities of the United States with such capabilities of allies of the United States located in the area of responsibility of the commander, particularly with respect to such allies who acquired such capabilities through foreign military sales by the United States. Each assessment shall include an assessment of the key technology, security, command and control, and policy requirements necessary to achieve such an integrated and interoperable air and missile defense capability in a manner that ensures burden sharing and furthers the force multiplication goals of the United States. 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the relevant combatant command, should ensure that arrangements are in place, including support from other members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the host nations, to provide antiair defense capability at the Aegis Ashore sites in Romania and Poland 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to NATO a request for NATO Security Investment Programme support for an air defense capability at the Aegis Ashore sites in Romania and Poland. 
the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing— 
hosting agreements between the respective host nations and the United States; 
and cost of using the evolved sea sparrow missile, the standard missile 2, or other options as determined by the Secretary to provide such air defense capability; and 
missile threat to the military installations of the United States in Europe, including the Naval Shore Facility in Devesulu, Romania, and the planned facility in Redzikowo, Poland. 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that a terminal high altitude area defense battery is available for rotational deployment to the area of responsibility of the United States European Command unless the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees that such battery is needed in the area of responsibility of another combatant command. 
of Defense shall examine potential sites in the area of responsibility of the United States European Command to preposition a terminal high altitude area defense battery. 
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conduct studies to evaluate— 
responsibility of the United States European Command for the deployment of a terminal high altitude area defense battery in the event that the deployment of such a battery is determined to be necessary; and 
(ii) not fewer than three sites in such area 
for the deployment of a Patriot air and missile defense battery in the event that such a deployment is determined to be necessary. 
(ii) the member states of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
for procurement, Defensewide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, not more than $41,400,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure radars for the Iron Dome shortrange rocket defense system as specified in the funding table in section 4101, including for coproduction of such radars in the United States by industry of the United States. 
the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement, Defense wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency— 
of a oneforone cash match made by Israel for such respective systems or in another matching amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mutually agreed to by the United States and Israel); 
the terms of coproduction of parts and components of such respective systems on the basis of the greatest practicable coproduction of parts, components, and allup rounds (if appropriate) by United States industry and minimizes nonrecurring engineering and facilitization expenses; 
(ii) complete transparency on the requirement of Israel for the number of interceptors and batteries of such respective systems that will be procured, including with respect to the procurement plans, acquisition strategy, and funding profiles of Israel; 
of parts and components and procurement of such respective systems; and 
sales of such respective systems and the components of such respective systems; and 
facilitization costs related to such coproduction, costs for additional testing and training, and other additional associated costs; 
out such plan is in the national interest of the United States; and 
the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
the Department of Defense to support feasible and costeffective efforts by the Missile Defense Agency to develop and field an airborne boost phase defense system by not later than fiscal year 2025; 
a boost phase missile defense layer to the ballistic missile defense system supports multiple warfighter missile defense requirements, including, specifically, protection of the United States homeland and allies of the United States against ballistic missiles, particularly in the boost phase; 
highenergy lasers, electromagnetic and other railgun technology, highpower microwave systems, and other advanced technologies as part of a layered architecture to defend ships and theater bases against air and cruise missile strikes; 
military departments and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency with respect to high energy laser efforts carried out in support of the Missile Defense Agency; and 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the efforts of the Department of Defense to develop and deploy an airborne or other boost phase defense system for missile defense by fiscal year 2025. 
under no funding constraints with respect to such efforts and progress is based on the state of the technology. 
under funding constraints and the efforts are carried out in accordance with a moderately aggressive schedule and are subject to moderate technical risk. 
under funding constraints and the efforts are carried out in accordance with a less aggressive schedule and are subject to less technical risk. 
MULTIPLEOBJECT KILL VEHICLE FOR MISSILE DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES HOMELAND. 
contribute critical capabilities to the future of the ballistic missile defense of the United States homeland. 
Missile Defense Agency shall develop a highly reliable multipleobject kill vehicle for the groundbased midcourse defense system using sound acquisition practices. 
missile defense interceptor vehicles other than the groundbased interceptors of the groundbased midcourse defense system. 
the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that all remaining groundbased interceptors of the groundbased midcourse defense system that are armed with the capability enhancement I exoatmospheric kill vehicle are replaced with the redesigned exoatmospheric kill vehicle before September 30, 2022. 
apply if the Director determines that flight and intercept testing of the redesigned exoatmospheric kill vehicle is not successful. 
the plan and a schedule for carrying out the plan. 
committees a report on such review that includes the findings and recommendations of the Comptroller General. 
Congress that additional missile defense sensor discrimination capabilities are needed to enhance the protection of the United States homeland against potential longrange ballistic missiles from Iran that, according to the Department of Defense, could soon be obtained by Iran as a result of its active space launch program. 
than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall commence any siting studies, environmental impact assessments or statements required pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) that have not otherwise been prepared, homeport agreements for sea based Xband radar support, evaluations of any needed pier modifications, and evaluations of any communications capabilities or other requirements to carry out the reassignment of the homeport of the seabased X band radar to a homeport on the East Coast of the United States. 
2016, the Director shall commence a study to evaluate at least three possible additional locations (in or outside the United States), selected by the Director, that would be best suited for future deployment of an advanced missile defense sensor site optimized against threats from Iran. 
31, 2020, the Director, in cooperation with the relevant combatant command, shall deploy a longrange discrimination radar or other appropriate sensor capability in a location optimized to support the defense of the homeland of the United States from emerging 
2018, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the following: 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, in coordination with the Secretary of the Air Force and the Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, shall commence the concept definition of a space based ballistic missile intercept layer to the ballistic missile defense system that provides— 
spacebased ballistic missile intercept layer would function in the context of a multi layer missile defense architecture. 
based ballistic missile intercept layer could contribute to the defense of the United States against intercontinental ballistic missiles with varying degrees of effectiveness. 
based ballistic missile intercept layer could protect the satellites of the United States against adversary antisatellite weapons. 
integrate and make interoperable such a spacebased ballistic missile intercept layer with the groundbased missile defense system. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congressional 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall— 
committees such evaluation and the results of such review, including recommendations for potential future locations of Aegis Ashore sites. 
Defense for Policy and the Secretary of State shall jointly identify any obstacles to foreign military sales of Aegis Ashore or cofinancing of additional Aegis Ashore sites. Such evaluation shall include, with coordination with other agencies and departments of the Federal Government as appropriate, the feasibility of host nation manning or dual manning with the United States and such host nation. 
memorandum of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of January 27, 2014, regarding joint integrated air and missile defense, the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall oversee the development of warfighter requirements for persistent and survivable capabilities to detect, identify, determine the status, track, and support engagement of strategically important mobile or relocatable assets in all phases of conflict in order to achieve the objective of preventing the effective employment of such assets, including through offensive actions against 
Chairman shall also oversee the development of the enabling framework for intelligence 
support for integrated air and missile defense, including concepts for the integrated operation of multiple systems, and, as appropriate, the development of requirements for capabilities to be acquired to achieve such integrated operations. 
COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW AND ASSESSMENT OF MISSILE DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
all appropriate steps to ensure Hawaii has adequate missile defense coverage. 
90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the options for augmenting the missile defense of Hawaii, including— 
VALIDATED MILITARY REQUIREMENT AND MILESTONE A DECISION ON PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE WEAPON SYSTEM. 
the Congress that the United States must continue to develop the conventional prompt global strike capability to strike highvalue, timesensitive, and defended targets from ranges outside of current conventional technology while addressing and preventing any risk of ambiguity. 
2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report regarding the outcome of the military 
requirements process and Milestone A decision for at least one conventional prompt global strike weapons system. 
apply to authorizations for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program (and authorizations of appropriations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obligated before the later of— 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military construction project for the installation or location outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or acquire family housing units (including land acquisition and 
supporting facilities) at the installations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
Cadet barracks building at the installation, the Secretary of the Army may install mechanical equipment and distribution lines sufficient to provide chilled water for air conditioning the nine existing historical Cadet barracks which are being renovated through the Cadet Barracks Upgrade Program. 
construction project to construct a vehicle bridge and traffic circle to facilitate traffic flow to and from the Medical Center at Rhine Ordnance Barracks, Germany, in the amount of $12,400,000. 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations 
outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or acquire family housing units (including land acquisition and 
supporting facilities) at the installation or location, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,588,000. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or 
improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $9,849,000. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2301 of this Act may not exceed the sum of the following: 
the date on which the report is received by the committees or, if over sooner, a period of 
7 days has expired following the date on which a copy of the report is provided in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of title 10, United States Code. 
or airtoair training fighter aircraft considered for rotational assignment at Lajes Field or a description of the Department of Defense intelligence functions to be assigned, as applicable. 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 
projects for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations 
outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following: 
projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 
10, United States Code, for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other 
cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the sum of the following: 
the Secretary of Defense may construct a generator plant capable of producing up to 60 megawatts of backup electrical power in support of the 60 megawatt technical load. 
AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
This substitute authorization shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019. 
The Secretary of Defense may make contributions for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount authorized to be appropriated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a result of construction previously financed by the United States. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for contributions by the Secretary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in section 4601. TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE 
the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry 
out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 
and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military 
construction projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out a military construction project for the Army Reserve location outside the United States, and in 
the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National 
Guard and Reserve as specified in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth 
the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National 
Guard and Reserve as specified in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air National 
Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National 
Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for 
the Air Force Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for the costs of acquisition, architectural and engineering services, and construction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions therefor, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (including the cost of acquisition of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2605 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3689) for DavisMonthan Air Force Base, Arizona, for construction of a Guardian Angel Operations facility at that location, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a new 5,913 square meter (63,647 square foot) facility in the amount of $18,200,000. 
Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3689) for Fort Smith Municipal Airport, Arkansas, for construction of a consolidated Secure Compartmented Information Facility at that location, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a new facility in the amount of $15,200,000. 
Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3690), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
Extension of 2013 National Guard and Reserve Project Authorizations 
for base realignment and closure activities funded through Department of Defense base closure account. 
FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for base realignment and closure activities, including real property acquisition and military construction projects, as authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Closure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by section 2711 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
authorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
authority to use operation and maintenance funds for construction projects outside the United States. 
relocatable military housing units at military installations in the United States. 
military departments and Defense Agencies; treatment of value provided by local education agencies and elementary and secondary schools. 
and offsite removal only non mobile properties from certain excess property disposal requirements. 
on development of public infrastructure in connection with realignment of Marine Corps forces in AsiaPacific region. 
Japan contributions toward realignment of Marine Corps forces in AsiaPacific region. 
retained as part of conveyance to the Economic Development Alliance of Jefferson County, Arkansas. 
AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Funded Research and Development Center that functions primarily as a research laboratory. 
support of a technology development program that is consistent with the fielding of offset technologies as described in section 218 of this Act. 
military construction project under this section be authorized in a Military Construction Authorization Act, the authority to carry out the military construction project includes authority for— 
Secretary of Defense shall include military construction projects proposed to be carried out under this section in the budget justification documents for the Department of Defense submitted to Congress in connection with the budget for a fiscal year submitted under 1105 of title 31, United States Code. 
significant potential for use by entities outside the Department of Defense, including universities, industrial partners, and other Federal agencies; 
thresholds specified in section 2805 of title 10, United States Code. 
amount of funds appropriated or otherwise made available for research, development, test, and evaluation that may be obligated in any fiscal year for military construction projects under this section is $150,000,000. 
The Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the Secretary of State, may accept cash contributions from the government of Kuwait for the purpose of paying for the costs of construction (including military construction not otherwise authorized by law), maintenance, and repair projects mutually beneficial to the Department of Defense and Kuwait military forces. 
defense cooperation agreement between the United States and the government of Kuwait; or 
that the United States may derive a benefit from the project, including— 
RELOCATABLE MILITARY HOUSING UNITS AT MILITARY INSTALLATIONS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
means any Indian tribe included on the list published by the Secretary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 479a–1). 
may submit to the Secretary of the military department concerned, on behalf of any Indian tribe, a request for conveyance of any relocatable military housing unit located at a military installation in the United States. 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 2671 the following new section: 
be made by individual, by position, by installation, or by such other category of personnel as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
under which coordination with law enforcement officials outside of the Department of Defense should be sought in advance. 
the authorities to be exercised is available to the personnel in that category. 
against the United States committed in the presence of the officer or agent; or 
laws of the United States if the officer or agent has reasonable grounds to believe that the person to be arrested has committed or is committing a felony; 
property in question, of offenses that may have been committed against property under the jurisdiction, custody, or control of the Department of Defense or persons on such property. 
the jurisdiction, custody, or control of the Department of Defense and persons on that property, the Secretary of Defense may enter into agreements with Federal agencies and with State, Indian tribal, and local governments to obtain authority for civilian officers and agents designated under this section to enforce Federal laws and State, Indian tribal, and local laws concurrently with other Federal law enforcement officers and with State, Indian tribal, and local law enforcement officers. 
shall be construed as affecting the authority of the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide for the protection of facilities (including the buildings, grounds, and properties of the General Services Administration) that are under the jurisdiction, custody, or control, in whole or in part, of a Federal agency other than the Department of Defense and that are located off of a military installation. 
Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of a military department; or 
sections at the beginning of chapter 159 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2671 the following new item: 
condition, or portion thereof, has been named by an act of Congress. 
uniform regulations governing the circumstances under which gifts conditioned on naming rights may be accepted, appropriate naming conventions, and suitable display standards.’’. 
‘‘CONSTRUCTION OF ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONVEY ANCE OF ADDITIONAL ’’; and 
OF MILITARY DEPARTMENTS AND DEFENSE AGENCIES; TREATMENT OF VALUE PROVIDED BY LOCAL EDUCATION AGENCIES AND ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS. 
is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
STRUCTURE PLANS AND INFRASTRUCTURE INVENTORY .—Not later than the date on which 
the budget of the President for fiscal year 2017 is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, Unites States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the following: 
Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps informed by— 
force units (including land force divisions, carrier and other major combatant vessels, air wings, and other comparable units) authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81). 
military installations for each military department, including the number and type of facilities for the regular and reserve forces of each military department. 
certain excess infrastructure to accommodate contingency, mobilization, or surge requirements. 
date on which the report required by section 2687a of title 10, United States Code, is submitted for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report specifying each location that was newly designated, or had a change in its designation, as a main operating base, forward operating site, or cooperative security location during the preceding fiscal year. 
with the host nation regarding the base, site, or location, including access agreements, status of forces agreements, or other implementing agreements, including any limitations on United States presence and operations. 
AND OFFSITE REMOVAL ONLY NON MOBILE PROPERTIES FROM CERTAIN EXCESS PROPERTY DISPOSAL REQUIREMENTS. 
underutilized nonmobile property of the Army that is situated on nonexcess land 
shall be exempt from the requirements of title V of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.) upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army that— 
which the general public is denied access in the interest of national security; and 
ON DEVELOPMENT OF PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE IN CONNECTION WITH REALIGNMENT OF MARINE CORPS FORCES IN ASIAPACIFIC REGION. 
Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3701), the Secretary of Defense may proceed with a public infrastructure project intended to improve water and wastewater systems on Guam if— 
made available to be expended by the Department of Defense for the project. 
JAPAN CONTRIBUTIONS TOWARD REALIGNMENT OF MARINE CORPS FORCES IN ASIAPACIFIC REGION. 
date of the submission of the budget of the President for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026 under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that specifies each of the following: 
Government of Japan during the most recently concluded Japanese fiscal year under section 2350k of title 10, United States Code, for deposit in the Support for United States Relocation to Guam Account. 
made by the Government of Japan under such section during the current and next Japanese fiscal years. 
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands during the previous fiscal year using amounts in the Support for United States Relocation to Guam Account. 
carried out on Guam or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands during the fiscal year covered by the budget submission using amounts in such Account. 
for Fiscal Year 2009 (division B of Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) is repealed. 
VALUE .—The Secretary of the Army shall determine fair market value in accordance with Federal appraisal standards and procedures. 
with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States, including provisions that the Secretary determines are necessary to preclude any use of the property that would interfere with activities at Pine Bluff Arsenal. 
same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
the Navy shall require the County to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the land exchange under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, other administrative costs related to the land exchange, and all costs associated with relocation of activities and facilities from Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 to the replacement location. If amounts are collected from the County in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the County. 
acreage and legal description of the property to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. 
RETAINED IN CONNECTION WITH LAND CONVEYANCE, CAMP VILLERE, LOUISIANA. 
respect to a parcel of real property at Camp Villere, Louisiana, consisting of approximately 48.04 acres and conveyed by quit claim deed for National Guard purposes by the United States to the State of Louisiana pursuant to section 616 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1975 (titles I through VI of Public Law 93–552; 88 Stat. 
RETAINED IN CONNECTION WITH LAND CONVEYANCE, FORT BLISS MILITARY RESERVATION, TEXAS. 
respect to a parcel of real property in El Paso, Texas, consisting of approximately 20 acres and conveyed by deed for National Guard and military purposes by the United States to the State of Texas pursuant to section 708 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1972 (Public Law 92–145; 85 Stat. 
property covered by the release for fair market value; and 
to fund improvements or repairs for National Guard and military purposes on the remainder of the property conveyed under section 708 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1972 (Public Law 92–145; 85 Stat. 412) and retained by the State. 
such modifications of Unified Facilities Guide Specifications for pavement markings (UFGS 32 17 23.00 20 Pavement Markings, UFGS 32 17 24.00 10 Pavement Markings), Air Force Engineering Technical Letter ETL 97– 18 (Guide Specification for Airfield and Roadway Marking), and any other Department of Defense guidance on airfield pavement markings as may be necessary to permit the use of Type III category of retroreflective beads to reflectorize airfield markings. The Secretary shall develop appropriate policy to ensure that the determination of the category of retroreflective beads used on an airfield is determined on an installationbyinstallation basis, taking into consideration local conditions and the life cycle maintenance costs of the pavement markings. 
United States Code, the authority provided by section 331 of the Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–229; 122 Stat. 781; 40 U.S.C. 8903 note) shall continue to apply through May 8, 2018. 
funds for provision of defense nuclear nonproliferation assistance to Russian Federation. 
funds for new fixed site radiological portal monitors in foreign countries. 
for the transfer of United States civil nuclear technology. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for the activities of the National Nuclear Security Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
at Technical Area 3, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, New Mexico, $25,000,000. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for defense environmental 
as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
whose security clearance was revoked during the year prior to the year in which the notification is made; and 
contents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3244 the following new item: 
or the Administrator may not pay to a covered employee a bonus during the oneyear period beginning on the date on which the Secretary or the Administrator, as the case may be, determines that the covered employee engaged in improper program management that resulted in a notification under section 4713 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2753) or significantly and detrimentally affected the cost, scope, or schedule associated with the approval of critical decision 3 in the acquisition process for a project (as defined in Department of Energy Order 413.3B (relating to program management and project management for the acquisition of capital assets)). 
days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary and the Administrator shall each issue guidance prohibiting the payment of a bonus to a covered employee during the oneyear period beginning on the date on which the Secretary or the Administrator, as the case may be, determines that the covered employee engaged in improper program management— 
security of employees or facilities of the Administration or another element of the Department of Energy involved in nuclear security; or 
the case may be, notifies the appropriate congressional committees of such waiver; and 
award paid under title 5, United States Code, including under chapters 45 or 53 of such title, or any other provision of law. 
the Administrator, as the case may be, plans to exercise options under the contract. 
United States remains safe, secure, reliable, credible, and responsive, the United States must continually exercise all capabilities required to conceptualize, study, design, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons. 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Energy, acting through the Administrator and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall carry out a stockpile responsiveness program, along with the stockpile stewardship program under section 4201 and the stockpile management program under section 4204, to identify, sustain, enhance, integrate, and continually exercise all capabilities required to conceptualize, study, design, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons. 
and continually exercise all of the capabilities, infrastructure, tools, and technologies across the science, engineering, design, certification, and manufacturing cycle required to carry out all phases of the joint nuclear weapons life cycle process, with respect to both the nuclear security enterprise and relevant elements of the Department of Defense. 
manufacturing cycles and timelines to minimize the amount of time and costs leading to an engineering prototype and production. 
integration and coordination of all relevant elements and processes of the Administration and the Department of Defense required to ensure stockpile responsiveness. 
‘joint nuclear weapons life cycle process’ means the process developed and maintained by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy for the development, production, maintenance, and retirement of nuclear weapons.’’. 
contents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4219 the following new item: 
(iv) by adding at the end the following new 
and schedules for carrying out the stockpile responsiveness program under section 4220; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
‘‘(iii) whether the plan supports the stockpile responsiveness program under section 4220 in a manner that meets the objectives of such program and an identification of any improvements that may be made to the plan to better carry out such program.’’. 
contents for such Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4203 and inserting the following new item: 
stockpile responsiveness program under section 4220, the activities conducted under such program, and any suggestions to improve such program.’’. 
establish a cost and schedule baseline for each major alteration project. 
such Act is amended by striking ‘‘ LIFE EXTENSION PROGRAMS AND NEW NUCLEAR FACILITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ CERTAIN PROGRAMS AND FACILITIES ’’. 
amended by striking the item relating to section 4217 and inserting the following new item: 
independent cost estimates and reviews of certain programs and facilities.’’. 
committees an assessment of the root cause or causes of the growth in the total cost of the project, including the contribution of any shortcomings in cost, schedule, or performance of the program, including the role, if any, of— 
manufacturing, or technology integration issues arising during program performance; 
Federal Government or contractor personnel responsible for program management; or 
and inserting ‘‘of not less than 5 percent and not more than 7 percent’’; and 
February 28, 2016, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on— 
development projects support the mission of the National Nuclear Security Administration. 
of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
described in this subsection is the contract between the Office of River Protection of the Department of Energy and Bechtel National, Inc., or its successor relating to the Hanford Waste Treatment and Immobilization Plant (contract number DE–AC27–01RV14136). 
after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, ensuring that the preliminary documented safety analyses for all facilities covered by the contract meet the requirements of all applicable Department of Energy regulations and guidance, including section 830.206 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations, and the Department of Energy Standard on the Integration of Safety into the Design Process (DOE–STD–1189–2008). 
disagreement between the owner’s agent and the contractor with respect to whether an unreviewed safety question exists and the plan for resolution of the disagreement. 
each preliminary documented safety analysis that is not current, the plan for making that aspect current, and the status of the corrective efforts. 
plan for resolving, each unresolved technical issue at each facility covered by the contract, and the status of corrective efforts. 
documented safety analysis, means that the documented safety analysis includes any design changes approved by the contractor and any safety evaluation reports issued by the Secretary with respect to the facility covered by the analysis before the date that is 60 days before the date of the analysis. 
contents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4445 the following new item: 
than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the Administrator for Nuclear Security, shall ensure that analyses of alternatives are conducted (including through contractors, as appropriate) in accordance with best practices for capital asset projects and life extension programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration and capital asset projects relating to defense environmental management. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall develop cost estimates in accordance with cost estimating best practices for capital asset projects and life extension programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration and capital asset projects relating to defense environmental management. 
practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, but not later than two years after such date of enactment, the Secretary shall revise— 
order of the Department of Energy to require the use of best practices for preparing cost 
estimates and for conducting analyses of alternatives for National Nuclear Security Administration and defense environmental management capital asset projects; and 
authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonproliferation for material management and minimization, as specified in the funding table in section 4701, not more than $5,000,000 shall be made available to the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors for initial planning and early research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium. 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Deputy Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a conceptual plan for a program for research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium to meet military requirements. Such plan shall include the following: 
of such research and development as compared to the cost of maintaining current naval nuclear reactor technology). 
of decision points in which the Deputy Administrator shall determine whether further research and development of a lowenriched uranium naval nuclear fuel system is warranted. 
for nuclear nonproliferation of such research and development and eventual deployment. 
or risks of such research and development and eventual deployment. 
savings from using lowenriched uranium in future naval nuclear fuels, including for transporting and using lowenriched uranium fuel, and how such cost savings relate to the cost of fuel fabrication. 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the National Nuclear Security Administration for the MOX facility for construction and project support activities. 
a fiscal year prior to fiscal year 2016 for the National Nuclear Security Administration for the MOX facility for construction and project support activities that are unobligated as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
‘‘project support activities’’ means activities that support the design, longlead equipment procurement, and site preparation of the MOX facility. 
in consultation with the directors of the national security laboratories, may establish a microlab pilot program under which the Secretary establishes a microlab for the purposes of— 
research groups, such as institutions of higher education and industry groups; 
of enactment, implement the microlab pilot program under this section. 
in consultation with the directors of the national security laboratories, elects to establish a microlab pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees— 
the implementation of the program, a report that provides an update on the implementation of the program; and 
the implementation of the program, a report on the program, including findings and recommendations of the Secretary with respect to the program. 
the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
term ‘‘national security laboratory’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3281 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2471). 
FUNDS FOR PROVISION OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION ASSISTANCE TO RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
the national security interest of the United States; and 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
FUNDS FOR NEW FIXED SITE RADIOLOGICAL PORTAL MONITORS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
site and mobile radiological monitors address nuclear nonproliferation and smuggling threats; 
2016, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan for transitioning fixed site radiological portal monitors installed in foreign countries before or after the date of the enactment of this Act to being sustained, to the greatest extent possible, by the countries in which such monitors are located. 
incurred by the United States before the transition is complete. 
the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
test and validate arms control and nonproliferation vertification and monitoring technologies designed to be used to verify and monitor obligations under arms control treaties or other international agreements to which the United States is not a signatory until the Administrator for Nuclear Security submits to the congressional defense committees a comprehensive review of all arms control and nonproliferation vertification and monitoring technologies that are in research and development or production as of the date of the enactment of this Act under the defense nuclear nonproliferation programs of the Administration. 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the National Nuclear Security Administration, not more than $50,000,000 may be obligated or expended to carry out the nuclear weapons dismantlement and disposition activities of the Administration. 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521 et seq.), as amended by section 3112, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
requirements for unencumbered uranium, by program source and enrichment level. 
agreements involving unencumbered uranium needed to meet national security requirements that are in effect on the date of the plan. 
enrichment of uranium will be required to meet national security requirements and an estimate of the time for production operations and the cost for each type of enrichment being considered. 
would mitigate any shortfall in obtaining unencumbered uranium to meet national security requirements and the implications of those changes. 
uranium, means that the uranium is depleted in uranium235 compared with natural uranium. 
contents for such Act, as amended by section 3112, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4220 the following new item: 
Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2563 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
and challenges of the program during that year, based on an assessment of metrics and objectives previously established to determine the effectiveness of the program. 
that were not or could not be addressed by the program during that year. 
‘‘(ii) global nuclear material security, including securing highly enriched uranium, plutonium, and radiological materials worldwide (and identifying the countries in which such materials are located), and providing radiation detection capabilities at foreign ports and borders; 
‘‘(iv) defense nuclear research and development, including a description of activities related to developing and improving technology to detect the proliferation and detonation of nuclear weapons, verifying compliance of foreign countries with commitments under treaties and agreements relating to nuclear weapons, and detecting the diversion of nuclear materials (including safeguards technology); and 
contents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4308 the following new item: 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1710) is amended— 
‘‘world,’’ the following: ‘‘including an identification of such uranium that is obligated by the United States,’’; and 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2197) is repealed. 
of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2602 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
shall, during each evennumbered year beginning in 2016, develop and subsequently carry out a plan for the activities of the Department of Energy relating to the deactivation and decommissioning of nonoperational defense nuclear facilities. 
shall, during 2016, develop and subsequently carry out a plan under which the Administrator shall transfer, by March 31, 2019, to the Assistant Secretary for Environmental Management the responsibility for decontaminating and decommissioning facilities of the Administration that the Secretary determines— 
than March 31 of each evennumbered year beginning in 2016, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes— 
decommissioning actions expected to be taken during the following fiscal year pursuant to the plan; 
Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
contents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4422 the following new item: 
of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2781 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4802 the following new section: 
each awardfee evaluation conducted under section 16.401 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations, of a management and operating contract for a Department of Energy defense nuclear facility in 2016 or any evennumbered year thereafter, an assessment of the adequacy of the emergency preparedness of that facility, including an assessment of the seniority level of management and operating contractor employees that participate in emergency preparedness exercises at that facility.’’. 
contents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4802 the following new item: 
cost savings the Administrator expects to result from the competition for the contract over the life of the contract, including associated analyses, assumptions, and information sources used to determine such expected cost savings; 
uncertainties that could affect such costs savings, including costs savings that are anticipated but not fully known; 
contract, including the immediate costs of conducting the competition and any increased costs over the life of the contract; 
delays in mission activities or deliverables resulting from the competition for the contract; 
benefits expected by the Administrator with respect to mission performance or operations resulting from the competition; 
complied with the Federal Acquisition Regulation regarding federally funded research and development centers, if applicable; 
be covered under the contract rather than under a different contract; 
activities or deliverables resulting from the competition for the contract compared to 
management and operating contracts for the national security laboratories has resulted in significant increases in fees paid to the contractors—funding that otherwise could be used to support program and mission activities of the National Nuclear Security Administration; 
fixed fees and performancebased fees contained in management and operating contracts are as low as possible to maintain a focus on national service while attracting highquality contractors and achieving the goals of the competition. 
every 90 days, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes— 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every five years thereafter, the Secretary of Energy shall— 
State, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, determine the critical United States civil nuclear technologies that should be protected from diversion to a military program of a covered foreign country, including with respect to a naval propulsion or 
committees with respect to the determination and the technologies covered by the determination. 
Secretary to make the authorization for the transfer of such technology; and 
(ii) a statement of whether any agency required to be consulted under such section 57 b. or pursuant to regulation objected to or sought conditions on the transfer. 
that such hazard exists, submits to the appropriate congressional committees— 
shall expeditiously revise part 810 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations, to ensure that the Director of National Intelligence— 
present the views of the Director and the intelligence community on the national security risks of the transfer, if any. 
less frequently than annually, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes— 
country that is not in compliance with such obligations— 
to the Secretary as a result of the country not being in compliance; 
to which United States civil nuclear technology is transferred pursuant to an authorization under such section 57 b. is in compliance with the obligations of the enduser under that authorization; and 
the enduser or the exporter of the technology if the enduser is not in compliance with such obligations. 
the review of such applications, taking into account the proliferation and diversion potential of endusers in the country to which United States civil nuclear technology would be transferred pursuant to such applications. 
shall notify the Department of Energy and the appropriate congressional committees not later than 30 days after the date on which the Director determines that there is credible intelligence that United States civil nuclear technology is being or has been diverted— 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report— 
Resources, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
nuclear security enterprise will require robust, personal, and longterm engagement by the President, the Secretary of Energy, the Administrator for Nuclear Security, and leaders from the appropriate congressional committees; 
Secretary and the Administrator shall jointly establish a team of senior officials from the Department of Energy and the National Nuclear Security Administration to develop and carry out an implementation plan to reform the governance and management of the nuclear security enterprise to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the nuclear security enterprise. Such plan shall be developed and implemented in accordance with the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2401 et seq.), the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), and any other provision of law. 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
Advisory Panel on the Governance of the Nuclear Security Enterprise established by section 3166 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2208). 
Secretary or the Administrator that the Secretary determines appropriate for purposes of this section. 
this section shall be construed to authorize any action— 
National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2410); or 
Section 3241A of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
and pursue a strategy to address the risks to the goals and policies of the United States regarding nuclear nonproliferation that are caused by the increased use of additive manufacture technology (commonly referred to as ‘‘3D printing’’), including such technology that does not originate in the United States. 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
for production of plutonium pits and other nuclear weapons components must be driven 
by the requirement to hedge against technical and geopolitical risk and not solely by the needs of life extension programs. 
including the numbers of pits produced, to support a responsive nuclear weapons infrastructure to hedge against technical and geopolitical risk. 
and each year thereafter through 2020, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report, consistent with the provision of classified information and intelligence sources and methods, containing— 
international nuclear proliferation risks and nuclear nonproliferation opportunities; and 
various means and programs for addressing such risks and opportunities. 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a full and comprehensive analysis of alternatives conducted by the Administrator for the Mobile Guardian Transporter program. 
fiscal year 2016, $29,150,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety 
Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). 
Chairman may not withhold from any member of the Board any information that is made available to the Chairman regarding the Board’s functions, powers, and mission (including with respect to the management and evaluation of employees of the Board).’’. 
subparagraph are the following senior employees of the Board: 
‘‘(ii) The general counsel. ‘‘(iii) The senior employee responsible for 
to be appropriated to the Secretary of Energy $17,500,000 for fiscal year 2016 for the purpose of carrying out activities under chapter 641 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the naval petroleum reserves. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016, to be available without fiscal year limitation if so provided in appropriations Acts, for the use of the Department of Transportation for Maritime Administration programs associated with maintaining national security aspects of the merchant marine, as follows: 
the United States Merchant Marine Academy, $96,028,000, of which— 
expended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; 
expended for the National Security Multi Mission Vessel Design; and 
vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $8,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
a United Statesflag merchant marine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $210,000,000. 
and enhanced support is necessary to stabilize and preserve the Maritime Security Fleet program, a program that provides the Department of Defense with ondemand access to world class, economical commercial sealift capacity, assures a United Statesflag presence in international commerce, supports a pool of qualified United States merchant mariners needed to crew United Statesflag vessels during times of war or national emergency, and serves as a critical component of our national security infrastructure. 
Revenue Code of 1986 are each amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Commerce’’ each place that it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’. 
to ensure the renovation of Melville Hall in accordance with the capital improvement plan of the United States Merchant Marine Academy that was in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and 
through the term of the contract to maintain Melville Hall in a condition that is as good as or better than the condition Melville Hall was in on the later of— 
Melville Hall after it was tendered to the Foundation by the Maritime Administrator; and 
lodging or an office by any person for more than 4 days in any calendar year other than— 
means the United States Merchant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation, Inc. 
section may be construed under section 3105 of title 41, United States Code, as requiring the Maritime Administrator to award a contract for the operation of Melville Hall to the Foundation. 
appointment as a commissioned officer in the Navy Reserve (including the Strategic Sealift Officer Program, Navy Reserve), the Coast Guard Reserve, or any other reserve component of an armed force of the United States, and, if tendered the appointment, to serve, meet the participation requirements, and maintain active status in good standing, as determined by the program manager of the appropriate military service, for at least 8 years after the date of commissioning;’’. 
without limitation as to tonnage or horsepower, from the Coast Guard as an officer in the merchant marine of the United States, accompanied by the appropriate national and international endorsements and certification required by the Coast Guard for service aboard vessels on domestic and international voyages, without limitation, within three months of completion of the course of instruction at the academy the individual is attending;’’; 
by the Coast Guard as an officer in the merchant marine of the United States, accompanied by the appropriate national and international endorsements and certifications required by the Coast Guard for service aboard vessels on domestic and international voyages, without limitation; 
appointment as a commissioned officer in the Navy Reserve (including the Strategic Sealift Officer Program, Navy Reserve), the Coast Guard Reserve, or any other reserve component of an armed force of the United States, and, if tendered the appointment, to serve and meet the participation requirements and to maintain active status in good standing, as determined by the program manager of the appropriate military service, for at least 8 years after the date of commissioning;’’; 
Defense may order an individual to serve on active duty in the armed forces of the United States for a period of not more than 3 years if— 
individual who, for the 5year period following graduation from an academy, serves as a commissioned officer on active duty in 
that are handled individually, palletized, or unitized for purposes of transportation; or 
undistributed reductions of certain operation and maintenance funding among all operation and maintenance funding. 
in this division specifies a dollar amount authorized for a project, program, or activity, the obligation and expenditure of the specified dollar amount for the project, program, 
or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. 
in the funding tables in this division may be transferred or reprogrammed under a transfer or reprogramming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The transfer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or section 1522 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation accounts. 
This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. 
No oral or written communication concerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the requirements of this section. 
UNDISTRIBUTED REDUCTIONS OF CERTAIN OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDING AMONG ALL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDING. 
available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4301, that is attributable to savings in connection with foreign currency fluctuations or bulk fuel purchases, may be applied against any funds available for that fiscal year for the Department for operation and maintenance, regardless of whether available as specified in the funding table in section 4301 or available as specified in the funding table in section 4303. 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 
126 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT PH.32,486 32,486 
111 0604376M MARINE AIR GROUND TASK FORCE (MAGTF) ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) FOR AVIATION.2,778 2,778 
113 0604404N UNMANNED CARRIER LAUNCHED AIRBORNE SURVEILLANCE AND STRIKE (UCLASS) 
006 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS ............. 25,834 35,834 
036 0603264S AGILE TRANSPORTATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY (AT21)—THEATER CAPABILITY ........... 2,679 2,679 
098 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS) COMMON DEVELOPMENT.3,129 3,129 
103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESSMENTS.25,200 25,200 
158 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY 
179 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMATION MANA.1,750 1,750 
180 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) ....... 294 294 
184 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) .......... 33,561 33,561 
Medium Altitude Long Endurance Tactical (MALET) MQ–9 Unmanned Aerial Vehicle .......... [5,000 ] 
Energy And Water Development, And Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S MITH) 
ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
much value and appreciate the partnership that I have on the Committee on Armed Services with the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH). I also 
very much value and appreciate the work of our staff on both sides of the aisle during what has been something of a roller coaster year. 
where we are and how we got here. Mr. Speaker, the Committee on Armed Services reported out the fiscal year 2016 Defense Authorization Act on April 29, 2015, by a vote of 60–2. During full committee markup, 211 
amendments were adopted, about evenly divided between Republicans and Democrats. Then on the floor, 131 amendments were adopted, again, from both sides of the aisle. After weeks of conference with the Senate, a conference report containing 647 provisions was reported out. 
result of bipartisan effort and bipartisan input every step of the way. The conference report passed this House 270–156, and then it passed the Senate by a vote of 70–27. Then, on October 22, the President vetoed the bill to try to force Congress to increase spending in other areas. As The Washington Post 
and the President signed the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 not because of the President’s veto of the defense bill, but because we were up against the debt limit and because Speaker Boehner was on the way out and was trying to get some things resolved. So what we have before us now is the same bill as the conference report, with funding adjustments to reflect the bill we passed last week. Otherwise, it is the same bill. 
press secretary has said the President will not veto the bill this time. So I hope, Mr. Speaker, that this year has been an anomaly, that never again does the bill that supports our troops become a political bargaining chip in a political game. I would just say, our troops deserve better than that. 
This bill has a lot of important provisions, and we have talked about them on this floor before: acquisition reform; a new retirement system for the military that allows the 83 percent of the people who serve who leave with no retirement to put aside a nest egg and save for retirement; and changes to the formulary so that, if someone is on a particular drug for posttraumatic stress when they are in the military, they can stay on that drug when they move to the VA. 
sexual assault, authorizes defensive weapons for the Ukraine, gives the President more options to assist the Kurds, the Sunnis, and others who are fighting ISIS. We take steps to help protect the country against missile attacks. 
It increases support for Israeli missile defense by about $300 billion over what the President requested. It allows commanders the discretion to determine when and where folks on their military base can carry personal firearms. It sunsets a number of reports. The list could go on and on. 
is good for the troops and good for the country. Hopefully all of the political maneuvering is behind us and, as we move into Veterans Day, we can do the right thing and pass this bill with a very, very strong vote. 
ACCOMPANY S. 1356, THE NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
material to accompany S. 1356, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Section 5 of the Act specifies that this explanatory statement shall have the same effect with respect to the implementation of this legislation as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. 
provisions of H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 as passed by the House of Representatives on 
May 15, 2015, are generally referred to as ‘‘the House bill.’’ The provisions of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 as passed by the Senate on June 18, 2015, are generally referred to as ‘‘the Senate amendment.’’ The final form of the agreements reached during negotiations between the House and the Senate are referred to as ‘‘the agreement.’’ References in the joint explanatory statement that ‘‘the House recedes’’ or ‘‘the Senate recedes’’ on a particular provision reflects the outcome from the conference agreement on H.R. 1735. 
to accompany H.R. 1735 was agreed to in the House by the Yeas and Nays [270–156]. On October 7, 2015, the Conference Report was agreed to in the Senate by the Yeas and Nays [70–27]. On October 22, 2015, H.R. 1735 was vetoed by the President and was returned to the House. 
1314, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, by the Yeas and Nays [266–167], and on October 30, 2015, the Senate also passed H.R. 1314 by YeaNay vote [64–35]. The President signed the bill on November 2, 2015. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74) did not fully fund account 050 to the level requested by the President in his budget submission, and as agreed to by the conferees and authorized in H.R. 1735. As a result, the agreement includes a reduction of $5.0 billion from the level authorized in H.R. 1735 to conform to Public Law 114–74. The agreement between the two Houses addressed, in part, the concerns regarding the budget impact of H.R. 1735 expressed by the President in his veto message returning H.R. 1735 to the House. The resulting agreement was incorporated S. 1356, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Compliance with rules of the House of Representatives and Senate regarding earmarks and congressionally directed spending items 
rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives and Rule XLIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, neither the bill text reflected in the agreement nor the accompanying joint explanatory statement contains any congressional earmarks, congressionally directed spending items, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits, as defined in such rules. 
discretionary programs within the jurisdiction of the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives for fiscal year 2016 was $604.2 billion. Of this amount, $534.2 billion was requested for base Department of Defense programs, $50.9 billion was requested for overseas contingency operations, and $19.0 billion was requested for national security programs in the Department of Energy and the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board. 
The two tables preceding the detailed program adjustments in Division D of the accompanying joint statement of managers 
summarize the discretionary authorizations in the agreement and the equivalent budget authority levels for fiscal year 2016 defense programs. 
funding for Stryker vehicle lethality upgrades of $35.0 million in Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Army and $44.5 million in Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army respectively. 
The Senate amendment contained an increase in these same funding areas of $97.0 million and $314.0 million, respectively. 
includes increased funding in line with the Senate amendment. 
Stryker vehicles with increased lethality as requested by the U.S. Army Europe in a recent Operational Need Statement. We understand the urgency for this requirement given heightened security concerns of our NATO partners due to Russian aggression in Ukraine. As such, we expect the rapid production of fully serviceable, upgraded Strykers. In order to meet the compressed timeline for fielding upgraded Strykers to the 2nd Cavalry Regiment, we expect the Army to manage this program with dispatch and efficiency. Identified risks associated with cost, schedule, and performance are to be managed with focused controls and leadership. We view this initiative, which is intended to increase the combat power of a forward deployed unit, as an opportunity to succeed in accordance with significant acquisition reforms illustrated in many provisions within this bill. 
With regard to cost, we note the Army currently plans on starting with existing chassis of Stryker vehicles discarded during the upgrade to Double V Hull (DVH) Strykers. This approach appears to add significantly to the unit cost for the lethality upgrades which the Army has informed the defense committees may be approximately $4.5 million per vehicle. We note that the Army already has extensive upgrade programs for the Stryker vehicle to include additional DVH Strykers and the Engineering Change Proposal modernization program. It is unclear if the Army ultimately plans on adding the lethality initiative to DVH Strykers, including those equipped with the Engineering Change Proposal upgrade. We are concerned that simply adding a broad Stryker lethality package for the Army’s Stryker Brigade Combat Teams could add billions of dollars to the already stressed resources of the combat vehicle portfolio. Therefore, the committee encourages the Army to reduce the unit cost of the Stryker lethality upgrade program and evaluate ways to more efficiently pursue upgrades to the Stryker vehicle fleet and Stryker Brigade Combat Teams. 
The base budget request included $7.0 million in Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, Line 44 for C–130. 
The House bill authorized a funding increase in that line item of $73.2 million for the restructured C–130 Avionics Modernization Program (AMP) Increments I and II ($10.0 million), T–56 3.5 Engine Modification ($33.2 million), and Eightbladed Propeller ($30.0 million). 
increase in that line item by $123.2 million for the restructured C–130 AMP Increments I and II ($75.0 million), T–56 3.5 Engine Modification ($33.2 million), Electronic Propeller Control System ($13.5 million), and Inflight Propeller Balancing System certification ($1.5 million). 
increase for Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, Line 44 of $139.2 million for the restructured C–130 AMP Increments I and II ($75.0 million), T–56 3.5 Engine Modification ($33.2 million), EightBladed Propeller ($16.0 million), Electronic Propeller Control System ($13.5 million), and Inflight Propeller Balancing System certification ($1.5 million). 
101) that would authorize the appropriations for procurement activities at the levels identified in section 4101 of division D of this Act. 
112) that would require the Chief of the National Guard Bureau to issue guidance that prioritizes UH–60 helicopter upgrades within the Army National Guard to those units with the highest flight hour aircraft and highest utilization rates, as well as require the Chief to submit a report to the congressional defense committees within 30 days after issuing such guidance, that describes such guidance. 
142) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a strategy for the replacement of the A/MH–6 Mission Enhanced Little Bird aircraft to meet requirements particular to special operations for future rotarywing, light attack, and reconnaissance requirements. 
113) that would require the Secretary of the Army to submit a report to the congressional defense committees by March 1, 2016, containing detailed options for the potential acceleration of the replacement of all UH– 60A helicopters of the Army National Guard. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. 
114) that would express the sense of Congress regarding the survivability and operational performance benefits provided by tactical wheeled vehicle addon armor protection kits for the Army’s heavy tactical wheeled vehicle fleet. 
Kennedy (CVN–79) quarterly report. Beginning January 1, 2016, the Secretary of the Navy would be required to submit, as part of the CVN–79 quarterly report, a description of new design and engineering changes to CVN– 78 class aircraft carriers that exceed $5.0 million and occurred during the reporting period. The provision would require the report to include program or ship cost increases for each design or engineering change and any cost reduction achieved. The Secretary of the Navy and Chief of Naval Operations would each be required to sign this additional reporting requirement and would be precluded from delegating the certification. The required certification would have to include a determination that each change serves the national security interests of the United States; cannot be deferred to a future ship due to operational necessity, safety, or substantial cost reduction; and was reviewed and endorsed by the Secretary of the Navy and Chief of Naval Operations. 
78, CVN–79, and CVN–80, by fiscal year, from fiscal year 2007 until the obligation work limiting date for each ship; 
vs. actual inflation rates for CVN–78 class aircraft carriers, by fiscal year, from fiscal year 2007 to fiscal year 2015; 
used to plan for and calculate current and projected inflation rates for CVN–78 class aircraft carrier cost estimates; 
escalation above the planned inflation assumed in CVN–78 class aircraft carrier cost estimates; and 
billion increase in the cost estimate for CVN–79 and following aircraft carriers attributable to economic inflation. 
(S. Rept. 112–173) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 described Senate intent regarding the current multiyear procurement authority for Arleigh Burkeclass destroyers and associated systems. The Senate report supported the change to buying Flight III destroyers through an engineering change proposal and the inclusion of such ships in the multiyear procurement authority, following submission of a specified report. The House report accompanying H.R. 1960 (H. Rept. 113–102) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 expressed concern about the physical limitations associated with the integration of the Air and Missile Defense Radar on the Flight III version of the Arleigh Burkeclass destroyer and requested a report to assess this integration process. Having received the required reports, we support the changes proposed by the Secretary of the Navy to integrate the Air and Missile Defense Radar into the Arleigh Burkeclass destroyers and the addition of these Flight III ships to the current Arleigh Burkeclass multiyear procurement contract. 
122) that would provide economic order quantity authority for the construction of two Fordclass aircraft carriers and incremental funding authority for the nuclear refueling and complex overhaul of five Nimitzclass aircraft carriers. 
that would limit new aircraft carrier program procurement authority to the nuclear refueling and complex overhaul of USS George Washington (CVN–73). 
The Department of the Navy awarded a detail design and construction contract for the USS John F. Kennedy (CVN–79) on June 5, 
2015. At the time of award, Program Executive Officer (PEO), Aircraft Carriers, Rear Admiral Thomas Moore, indicated ‘‘. . . with a stable design, mature requirements and an improved build process, we will reduce construction hours by 18 percent, lower the cost to build the ship by almost $1 billion in real terms compared to CVN–78 . . .’’. Following $2.4 billion in cost growth on the lead ship, 
CVN–78, we are encouraged by the ongoing collaboration between the Department of the Navy and industry to achieve cost reductions. We note that other ship construction programs have been able to reduce costs through acquisition efficiencies and economic order decisions. Therefore, to better assess acquisition options, we direct the Secretary of the Navy to submit a report to the congressional defense committees by March 1, 2016, that provides an assessment of the merits associated with using economic order quantity procurement with CVN–80 and CVN–81. This report should assess the specific aircraft carrier components that would be best suited to include in a potential economic order quantity contract, and the estimated cost savings that could be achieved using this procurement authority. 
(CVN–79) subject to the submission of a certification regarding full ship shock trials and two reports. 
that would provide the Secretary of Defense with waiver authority to delay full ship shock trials on the USS Gerald R. Ford (CVN– 
78) until after the ship’s first deployment but prior to the first major maintenance availability. 
Navy submits a certification and report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives. $191.4 million is the sum of funding requested for plans (detailed) and basic construction for CVN–80. 
that would require submission of the certification and report to all four congressional defense committees, as well as require the certification be provided within 90 days of enactment of this Act. 
that changes the limitation to 50 percent of fiscal year 2016 funds and allows for a capabilitiesbased assessment or equivalent report. 
133) that would prohibit the use of any funds during fiscal year 2016 to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage any A–10 aircraft. The provision would also require the Secretary of the Air Force to maintain a minimum of 171 A–10 aircraft in primary mission aircraft inventory (combatcoded) status. The provision would also direct the Secretary of the Air Force to commission an independent entity outside the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the required capabilities and mission platform to replace the A–10 aircraft. 
134) that would prohibit funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of the Air Force to be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on back up flying status any EC–130H aircraft. The provision would also require the Secretary of the Air Force to commission an assessment of the required capabilities or mission platform to replace 
on that assessment to the congressional defense committees not later than September 30, 2016, and would also prohibit the Secretary of the Air Force from retiring, preparing to retire, placing in storage or placing on back up flying status any EC–130H aircraft until 60 days after the Secretary submits the specified report. 
changing the prohibition limitation date to December 31, 2016, and combining the report requirements from the House and Senate versions. 
change the provision to apply only in fiscal years 2016 or 2017, and other technical clarifications. The provision would not apply to individual aircraft if the Secretary of the Air Force, on a casebycase basis, determines an individual aircraft to be nonoperational because of mishaps, other damage, or being uneconomical to repair. 
amend the certification level from the Secretary of Defense to the Secretary of the Air Force, and to amend the effective date of certification criteria from ‘‘full combat capability as currently planned . . .’’ to ‘‘full combat capability, as determined on the date of enactment of this Act . . .’’ 
135) that would prohibit any funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force to be obligated or expended during such fiscal year to divest or transfer, or prepare to divest or transfer, KC–10 aircraft. 
change the provision to apply only in fiscal years 2016 or 2017. The provision would not include the prohibition on transfer of aircraft, and would not apply to an individual KC–10 aircraft if the Secretary of the Air Force, on a casebycase basis, determines the aircraft to be nonoperational because of mishaps, other damage, or being uneconomical to repair. 
that would change the required certification to be made by the Secretaries and Chiefs of Staff of the Army and the Air Force, in consultation with the commanders of the XVIIIth Airborne Corps, 82d Airborne Division, and Army Special Operations Command. The amendment also contains other minor technical clarifications. 
131) that would limit availability of funds to upgrade the executive communications of C– 20 and C–37 aircraft until the Secretary of the Air Force certifies to certain specified criteria. 
amend the provision to state: ‘‘Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, for avionics modification to the T–1A Jayhawk aircraft, not more than 85 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense committees the report required under section 142 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3320).’’ 
that would change the limitation to a notification requiring that in the period before the date of initial operational capability of the longrange strike bomber aircraft, before retiring or preparing to retire any B–1, B–2, or B–52 bomber aircraft the Secretary of the Air Force includes in the defense budget materials a notification of the proposed retirement including the rationale for the retirement, the effects of the retirement, and how the Secretary will mitigate any risks relating to the retirement. The provision would not apply to individual B–1, B–2, or B–52 aircraft if the Secretary of the Air Force, on a casebycase basis, determines the aircraft to be nonoperational because of mishaps, other damage, or being uneconomical to repair. 
strike the amendment to section 8062 of title 10, change the limitation period to a 2year period beginning on October 1, 2015, and reduce the minimum numbers of fighters required to be maintained by the Air Force to 1,900 total aircraft inventory and 1,100 primary mission aircraft inventory (combat coded). The amendment would also eliminate the certification and detailed report requirements, and require specified information in a report to be included in the material submitted in support of the budget for a particular fiscal year, if proposing the retirement of fighter aircraft in that fiscal year’s budget. The report would not apply to individual fighter aircraft if the Secretary of the Air Force, on a casebycase basis, determines the aircraft to be nonoperational because of mishaps, other damage, or being uneconomical to repair. 
We recognize that based on the 2010 Quadrennial Defense Review, the Air Force determined through extensive analysis that a force structure of 1,200 primary mission aircraft and 2,000 total aircraft is required to execute the National Defense Strategy with increased operational risk. Subsequently, based on the 2012 Defense Strategic Guidance and fiscal constraints, analysis showed the Air Force could decrease fighter force structure capacity by approximately 100 additional aircraft; however, at an even higher level of risk. 
We agree reductions in fighter force capacity below the 1,900 total and 1,100 combat coded inventory levels, in light of ongoing and anticipated operations in Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, coupled with a potential delay of force withdrawals from Afghanistan and a revanchist Russia, poses excessive risk to the Air Force’s ability to execute the National Defense Strategy, causes remaining fighter squadrons to deploy more frequently, and drives even lower readiness rates across the combat air forces. 
141) that would require the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Technology to submit a report by March 1, 2016, to the congressional defense committees that addresses the effectiveness, suitability, and survivability shortfalls of the joint battle commandplatform equipment identified by the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation in the Director’s fiscal year 2014 annual report to Congress. This section would also further limit the obligation or expenditure of 25 percent of the funds for the joint battle commandplatform until 30 days after the Assistant Secretary submits such a report. 
144) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the use of two different types of 5.56mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps. 
that requires the Secretary of Defense to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) such as the Center for Naval Analyses (CNA) to conduct a study on the use of two different types of enhanced 5.56mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps. We note that the CNA has conducted similar studies on small arms and small caliber ammunition and believe the CNA could meet the requirements of this study. 
111) that would limit the obligation or expenditure of 25 percent of the funds for AN/ TPQ–53 radar systems until 30 days after the date on which the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Technology submits to the congressional defense committees a review of the current delegation of acquisition authority to the Program Executive Officer for Missiles and Space. 
The House recedes. Stationing of C–130 H aircraft avionics previously modified by the Avionics Modernization Program (AMP) in support of daily training and contingency requirements for Airborne and Special Operations Forces 
The Senate recedes. We agree the Air Force must develop a 
plan that incorporates the five C–130H aircraft previously modified with the AMP upgrade, the four purchased AMP installation kits, the associated simulator equipment, and sustainment and training software into the restructured AMP Increments I and II effort. We also direct the Air Force to provide a briefing on this plan to the congressional defense committees not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act. We agree the American taxpayers to date have expended considerable funds on the C–130 AMP and deserve to receive maximum value for that expenditure. 
The Senate recedes. We agree on the importance that should be 
accorded to funding AESA radar upgrades for existing aircraft. 
The Senate recedes. The outcome is reflected in the tables of 
this report in Sections 4101 and 4201 and includes additional funding in line with the Senate amendment. 
in PE 64501N for the Unmanned Carrier Launched Airborne Surveillance and Strike (UCLASS) system. 
the request in PE 64501N due to contracting delays caused by waiting on the results of the Department of Defense Intelligence Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Strategic Portfolio Review. These delays resulted in the Navy’s having excess fiscal year 2015 funds in the program. The Senate amendment would instead provide an additional $725.0 million in Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defensewide, including $350.0 million for continued development and risk reduction activities of the Unmanned Combat Air System Demonstration (UCAS– D) aircraft that would benefit the overall UCLASS program, and $375.0 million to be used for a competitive prototyping of at least two followon air systems that move the Department toward a UCLASS program capable of longrange strike in a contested environment. 
penetrating, airrefuelable, unmanned carrierlaunched aircraft capable of performing a broad range of missions in a nonpermissive environment. We believe that such an aircraft should be designed for full integration into carrier air wing operations—including strike operations—and possess the range, payload, and survivability attributes as necessary to complement such integration. Although the Defense Department could develop landbased unmanned aircraft with attributes to support the air wing, we believe that the United States would derive substantial strategic and operational benefits from operating such aircraft from a mobile seabase that is selfdeployable and not subject to the caveats of a host nation. 
$350.0 million to the UCLASS program and direct the Secretary of Defense to use these funds to conduct competitive air vehicle risk reduction activities that would lead to fielding penetrating, airrefuelable, UCLASS air vehicles capable of performing a broad range of missions in a nonpermissive environment. 
lessons learned from the UCAS–D program and the existence of two operational UCAS– D demonstrator aircraft in support of these efforts. We also encourage the Secretaries of Defense and the Navy to consider all appropriate flexible acquisition authorities granted in law and in this Act, including those for rapid prototyping. Finally, we recommend that any contractual arrangements executed with this funding provide the Navy with sufficient technical data rights to support a subsequent competitive prototyping, follow on development, or future multiplesourced production efforts. 
the Department of Defense Intelligence Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Strategic Portfolio Review and also the report directed in section 217 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
in PE 65018A for the Integrated Personnel and Pay System—Army (IPPS–A). 
The Senate amendment included $86.0 million for IPPS–A, a reduction of $50.0 million. 
PE 65018A for the Integrated Personnel and Pay System—Army (IPPS–A). Elsewhere in this Act, we include a legislative provision that limits obligation of funds for the program, until provision of a required report to Congress on program plans. 
201) that would authorize the appropriations for research, development, test, and evaluation activities at the levels identified in section 4201 of division D of this Act. 
an amendment to cap the number of new foreign students entering the program at five per year. We believe that this cap will help to ensure that the majority of the students in the program are U.S. citizens, while also giving the Department the flexibility to include foreign students on a trial basis. We also believe that this cap will allow the Department the opportunity to work out procedures and processes for the potential expansion to include other kinds of foreign students, should the Secretary of Defense determine that is in the national security interest. 
221) that would allow institutions that support technology transition or transfer activities, such as business schools or law schools with technology management programs, to participate in education partnerships with Defense laboratories, as authorized in Section 2194 of title 10, United States Code. 
amendments that would clarify to which institutions such authorities would extend, authorize a sabbatical and internship program for university faculty and students to work in Defense laboratories, and provide additional emphasis on technology transfer and transition projects. We believe that these amendments, taken together, would strengthen the purpose of the provision, which is to ensure that education partnerships are available for those wishing to engage in technology transfer or transition, in addition to traditional research projects. 
231) that would improve the coordination and communication of defense research activities 
and technology domain awareness. The House bill directs the Secretary of Defense to promote, monitor, and evaluate programs not only among Defense research facilities, but also among other government facilities, as well as commercial and university entities. The House bill would also encourage the Department to achieve full awareness of scientific and technological advancement and innovation throughout the technology domain. 
that would add additional direction to the Secretary of Defense to develop and distribute clear technical communications to all internal and external entities. We believe it is important that the Department more completely and robustly convey successes of Defense research and engineering activities. 
the Secretary of Defense to ensure that publiclyfunded Defense research facilities support national technological development goals and technological missions of other federal agencies, as appropriate. We believe that taxpayer funds used for scientific research should be used in support of the best interests of the U.S. government as a whole. 
211) that would extend the authorization for the Department of Defense to execute activities for the Rapid Innovation Program through 2020. 
The agreement contains the Senate provision with a technical edit from the House to extend the program through 2023. We believe that it would be more effective to extend the program in a manner consistent with the end of the next program objective memorandum. 
an amendment directing the Department to conduct a gap analysis to identify relevant activities that are not being pursued in the current science and technology program. 
We recognize and appreciate that the Department does currently engage in some activities that address those described in this provision and the original report language from the Senate Armed Services Committee. 
However, we note with dismay the significant gaps in activities and technologies continue to exist. Examples of these gaps include lack of support for business process re engineering, for lowering costs of customization of commercial software, for lowering maintenance costs, for open architectures, for engagement with management schools and small businesses, and for the conversion of legacy software to modern systems. We remain concerned that such gaps in science and technology activities related to business systems information technology acquisition, if left unaddressed, have the potential to severely hamper the Department’s ability to field a modern and efficient information technology enterprise that meets the current and future needs of the Department. 
an amendment to remove the requirement for a strategy on the development of directed energy technologies. 
Department in maintaining technological superiority with regards to potential future adversaries. In authorizing the technology offset program in this provision, we recognize the need for the Department to have sufficient flexibility and resources to make sound strategic decisions for technology investment to respond to a more dire future security environment. We note that the Department has a number of initiatives, such as the Defense Innovation Initiative, and the LongRange Research and Development Plan, to help guide those investments. 
In particular, the Armed Services Committees of the Senate and the House of Representatives have been focused on the role directed energy weapons will have in our future security environment, and have been proponents of maturing directed energy technologies to transition them to the warfighting community as quickly as possible. We are aware that the Department and the military services have various roadmaps for deploying these technologies, and consider this fund a major forcing function to drive accelerated development and transition. 
To better understand how the funds authorized in this section, in combination with other funds for directed energy programs, will be used to identify and transition promising directed energy technologies to the warfighting community, we direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing to the Armed Services Committees of the Senate 
than 180 days after the enactment of this Act. This briefing should include: 
process for the identification of directed energy efforts, including prototyping or exercise opportunities, where additional funding may support accelerated transition to urgent operational needs or programs of record; 
2) A description of coordination mechanisms between services and agencies undertaking directed energy activities, including coordination of science and technology prototyping, and programs of record; 
warfighting community currently impeding the adoption of or confidence in directed energy weapons systems. 
or legislative impediments or challenges that currently constrain accelerated transition to the warfighting community; and 
the department’s ability to transition promising directed energy technology initiatives to the warfighting community. 
213) that would limit the availability of funds for fiscal year 2016 for the research, development, test, and evaluation of F–15 infrared search and track capabilities until 30 days after the Secretary of Defense submits a specified report. 
225) that would require a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM) Shallow Water Combat Submersible (SWCS) program. 
that would modify to 50 percent the amounts available for the SWCS program and modify associated reporting requirements. 
212) that would limit the obligation and expenditure of 50 percent of the funds made available for the Department of Defense Medical Countermeasures program within the ChemicalBiological Defense Program until the Secretary of Defense provides a report to the congressional defense committees that validates the requirements and conducts an independent costbenefit analysis to justify funding and efficiencies. This section would also require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a review of the certification to the congressional defense committees within 60 days after the date on which the Secretary submits his report. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The agreement contains the House provision with an amendment that would decrease the limitation from 50 percent to 25 percent pertaining only to those funds used for research development test and evaluation (RDT&E) activities in the Advanced Development and Manufacturing facility per se and not all the RDT&E activities associated with the Medical Countermeasures Program. 
report 15–257 (June 2015), the Secretary shall report to the congressional defense committees no later than February 28, 2016 on the designation of an individual responsible for managing infrastructure for the Department of Defense Chemical and Biological defense programs, to include shareduse facilities such as those within the Advanced Development and Manufacturing program, in order to minimize duplication of effort within the Department of Defense and other agencies of the federal government. The Secretary of defense shall notify the congressional defense committees of the appointment of such individual no later than 15 days after such designation. Further, we direct the Comptroller General to review the roles and responsibilities of the official designated to be responsible for infrastructure management, and to brief the congressional defense committees no later than March 31, 2016. 
1625) that would limit the availability of funds for the Special Operations Command’s Distributed Common Ground System to 75 percent of the funds authorized to be obligated by the program until the Commander of U.S. Special Operations Command conducts a review of the program planning and submits the findings of such review to the congressional defense committees and the congressional intelligence committees and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. 
224) that would limit the ability of the Secretary of the Army to obligate more than 75 percent of the total authorized amount of fiscal year 2016 program funds for Integrated Personnel and Pay System–Army (IPPS–A) program until the Secretary of the Army provides a report to the congressional defense committees on the performance of legacy systems, changes in human resources organization and financial system capabilities, 
and alternatives to the current cost of IPPS– A. 
conduct the PCAS demonstration, as the benefits would likely provide a large payoff in increased capability for what is estimated to be minimal resource investment. In response to the challenge of diverse platforms and user populations of the close air support mission, the Joint Requirements Oversight Council, in 2009, in its Close Air Support CapabilitiesBased Assessment, recommended that ‘‘Platforms should field flexible systems that utilize an improved architecture which migrates the processing of digital messages to a CommercialofftheShelf (COTS) based processor and away from the [aircraft] operational flight programs.’’ 
proposals to retire their fleet of A–10 aircraft, the integration of gamechanging and relatively inexpensive technologies to improve close air support mission operations and results on other platforms could be beneficial in assuaging concerns of divesting a particular aircraft, even a type with close air support as its primary mission. 
should provide resources to the maximum extent practical to minimize costs borne by the participating Services to accomplish the demonstration activities. 
222) that would require the Secretaries of the military departments to each develop a strategy for engagement with and support of the development of scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capabilities with historically black colleges and universities and minorityserving institutions. The provision would also require the Secretary of Defense to develop a strategy that encompasses the strategies developed by the military departments. 
that ensures that such strategies are developed by all organizations within the Department of Defense that are engaged in basic research, thereby broadening the provision to cover all appropriate Defense entities. 
We note that in implementing the requirements of this provision, the Secretary of Defense may seek information from the directorates of the Louis Stokes Alliances for Minority Participation program (LSAMP) and Historically Black Colleges and Universities Undergraduate Program (HBCU–UP) of the National Science Foundation; the American Association for the Advancement of Science; the Emerging Researchers National Conference in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics; the University of Florida Institute for AfricanAmerican Mentoring in Computing Sciences (IAAMCS); the Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities; the National Indian Education Association; and such other institutions, organizations, or associations as the Secretary deems useful. 
229) that would express the Sense of Congress on the capabilities provided by unmanned aerial systems that use wide area surveillance sensors. The provision would also require the Secretary of the Army to conduct a market survey and flight assessment of commercialofftheshelf wide area surveillance sensors suitable for insertion on Army tactical unmanned aerial systems. 
that would remove the sense of Congress, modify the reporting requirements for the market survey, require an assessment of current wide area surveillance systems that are currently used or could be used on Army tactical unmanned aerial systems, as well as require the Secretary of the Army to assess the advisability and feasibility of upgrading wide area surveillance systems for Army tactical unmanned aerial systems. 
230) that would direct the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force to submit a report to the congressional defense committees, not later than January 29, 2016, on the baseline and alternatives to the Navy’s Tactical Air Combat Training System Increment II. The provision would also limit the Navy from approving or designating a contract award for the specified system until 15 days after the date of the submittal of the report. 
that would strike the limitation of funds, and require the Director of CAPE to seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a comprehensive assessment of current and future requirements and capabilities of the Army with respect to airland ad hoc, mobile tactical communications and data networks, including the technological feasibility, suitability, and survivability of such networks. 
We believe the Director of CAPE shall select a federally funded research and development center with direct, longstanding, and demonstrated experience and expertise in program test and evaluation of concepts, requirements, and technologies for joint tactical communications and data networking to perform the assessment. The Institute for Defense Analysis may be such an entity with expertise needed for such a detailed assessment. 
an amendment to assign responsibility for the study to the executive agent for printed circuit board technology. We believe that the executive agent is the most appropriate official to conduct such a study. The amendment would also require JFAC to conduct a technical assessment for indications of malicious tampering on any parts assessed that demonstrate unusual or suspicious failure mechanisms. We believe that such followup is critical for ensuring maximum impact and benefit of the study. 
The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment to 
223) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to develop a plan for integrating advanced technologies, such as directed energy weapons, hypersonic strike systems, and autonomous systems into broader title 10 war games to improve socialization with the warfighter and the development and experimentation of various concepts for employment by the Armed Forces. 
214) that would require the Secretary of Defense to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an assessment of the F135 engine program, and submit a report to the congressional defense committees not later than March 15, 2016. 
224) that would direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a review and submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the autonomic logistics information system for the F–35 Lightning II aircraft program. 
227) that would express a sense of Congress that the Department of Defense should explore using existing authorities for all Federally Funded Research and Development Centers to help facilitate and shape a high quality scientific and technical workforce that can support the Department’s needs. In addition, the provision would make a number of findings, including that the country’s scientific and technical workforce is a matter of national security, that the Department’s support for technical education programs facilitates the training of the future workforce, and that the highly skilled workforce already employed is qualified to facilitate training of a future workforce. 
that would expand the provision to include all defense laboratories. We believe that the paragraphs of the provision apply to all Defense laboratories, not only the Federally Funded Research and Development Centers, and that all should be recognized as such. 
technical workforce of the United States and the access of the Department of Defense to a high quality scientific and technical workforce are matters of national security concern; 
and mathematics education programs facilitates the training of a future scientific and technical workforce that will contribute significantly to the research, development, test, and evaluation functions of the Department of Defense and the readiness of the future Armed Forces; 
technical conferences, including industry and international conferences, will strengthen the national security scientific and technical workforce. 
226) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on graduate fellowships in support of science, mathematics, and engineering education. 
228) that would authorize an increase in funding for MV–22A Digital Interoperability Program of $75.0 million which included $64.3 million for Aircraft Procurement, Navy, and $10.7 million for Research, Development, Test & Evaluation, Navy. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provision, but would increase funding for the MV–22A, based upon the unfunded priority list of the Commandant of the Marine Corps. The Senate amendment would increase funding by a total of $23.0 million including $15.0 million for integrated aircraft survivability and $8.0 million for ballistic protection. 
and 4201 of this Act, and includes funding in line with the Senate amendment. 
resolution (CR), federal agencies remain responsible for assessing the Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transition (STTR) set asides, and executing program support for small business technology innovation. To support Department of Defense access to small business innovation, we believe that Department comptrollers should move expeditiously to calculate the SBIR/STTR assessments, and make those funds available to military services and agency SBIR/STTR programs commensurate with those assessments, on a timeline that supports program effectiveness. Expedited approval for attendance at conferences in support of science and innovation activities of Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration 
We note with concern that since the Departments of Defense and Energy have implemented updated conference policies, in response to requirements from the Office of Management and Budget, attendance at science and technology conferences by department personnel has reduced dramatically. According to a report from the Government Accountability Office in March 2015, conference attendance from the Army Research Laboratory declined from about 1300 attendees in 2011 to about 100 attendees in 2013. A similar drop in attendance was reported from Sandia National Laboratories. The report highlights that such a drop in attendance risks a decline in the quality of scientific research, difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified scientists and engineers, and a diminished leadership role for the two departments within the global science and technology community. The report also notes that the new departmental policies are not meeting the needs of personnel requesting approval to travel to conferences. 
Given the importance of conference attendance for an active exchange of scientific information and for recruiting and retaining highquality technical talent, and therefore maintaining technological superiority, we are concerned that the conference attendance approval policies are undermining and eroding the science and technology missions of both departments as well as the ability of personnel to engage in cuttingedge research, development, testing, and evaluation. We believe that technical conference participation is especially important to keep program managers aware of new trends in technology, so that they may make better informed decisions on behalf of taxpayers. 
and to support retention of technical staff, we believe that the Departments should strive to follow the best practices of the innovative private and academic institutions in developing management and oversight practices for conference participation. We are concerned that in specific technical fields of interest to defense, such as hypersonics and cybersecurity, the lack of participation in conferences is ceding U.S. leadership to competitor nations. 
we direct the Secretaries of Defense and Energy to revise current policies within the Department of Defense and National Nuclear Security Administration, respectively, whereby requests for scientific conference attendance are adjudicated within one month, and approvals are granted as appropriate within one month. Further, we direct the Secretaries of Defense and Energy to ensure that any decisions to disapprove conference attendance through these revised policies are made if and only if the appropriate officials determine that the disapproval would have a net positive impact on research and development and on program management quality, and not simply default disapprovals necessitated by a bureaucratic inability to make a timely decision. In addition, we direct that these new policies be implemented no later than 90 days after the enactment of this act. 
policies, laboratory and test center directors be given the authority to approve conference attendance, provided that the attendance would meet the mission of the laboratory or test center and that sufficient laboratory or test center funds are available. 
Energy each to report to the Senate Armed Services Committee and the House Armed 
Services Committee on the revised policies from their respective agencies, as well as an assessment of their benefits and drawbacks, 
along with measures for tracking the effectiveness of the new policies. We further direct that this report be submitted no later than one year after the enactment of this act. 
Therefore, we direct the Secretary of Defense to conduct a review of methodologies that potential adversaries are exploiting to gain unauthorized access to technologies and intellectual property, and to circumvent current export control and other technology protection regimes. Additionally, the Department should review structures of business relationships, such as partnerships, mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, and consortia, to assess the potential that these types of relationships present additional opportunities for exploitation by adversaries. Further, we direct the Secretary to brief the results of the review to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives by March 15, 2016, including any recommendations that may necessitate legislative action. 
301) that would authorize the appropriations for operation and maintenance activities at the levels identified in section 4301 of division D of this Act. 
311) that would amend subchapter II of chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, to prohibit Department of Defense funds to be used for bulk purchases of dropin fuel for operational purposes, unless the cost of that dropin fuel is costcompetitive with traditional fuel, subject to a national security waiver. 
312) that would amend chapter 631 of title 10, United States Code, by adding a new section directing the Secretary of the Navy to establish ‘‘Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas’’ for national defense purposes. The provision would also repeal section 1 of Public Law 99–625 (16 U.S.C. 1536 note). 
that excludes the repeal of section 1 of Public Law 99–625 (16 U.S.C. 1536 note). 
313) that would amend section 358 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383) to expand coverage of the Siting Clearinghouse to requests for informal reviews by Indian tribes and landowners, clarify that information received from private entities is not publicly releasable, eliminate categories of adverse risk, and limit applicability of section to only energy projects. 
limiting the provision to shot shells, cartridges, and components of shot shells and cartridges. 
Repeal of limitation on authority to enter into a 
323) that would amend Section 341 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
324) that would require the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Technology, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition, and the Assistant 
Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition to each initiate a pilot program pursuant to section 330 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 68), as amended by section 332 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1697). 
318) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress a report on the merger of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Operational Energy Plans and the Office of the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Installations and Environment. 
325) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees on contracts awarded to foreign entities. 
1098) that provided a sense of the Congress in regard to a private organization utilizing funds from the Department of Defense for the purpose of promoting or honoring the military. 
National Football League and other professional sports leagues, that has accepted taxpayer funds to honor members of the Armed Forces to consider directing an equivalent amount of funding in the form of a donation to a charitable organization that supports members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their families. We also urge the Department of Defense to redirect any funds that would have been used for the aforementioned purposes to the posttraumatic stress disorder research and treatment for members of the Armed Forces. 
594) that would amend Section 2583 of title 10, United States Code, in regard to military working dogs. 
333) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the improved management and oversight of the systems, processes, and controls involved in the disposition of excess nonmission essential equipment and materiel by the Defense Logistics Agency Disposition Services. 
level of oversight of the sponsorship, advertising, and marketing associated with sportsrelated organizations and events executed by each of the military services, especially with the National Guard. Therefore, we direct the Secretary of Defense and the service secretaries to ensure the proper oversight mechanisms are in place to provide proper oversight and approval of these programs. 
905) that would express a series of findings and the sense of Congress on the commitment of the Department of Defense to reduce its headquarters budgets and personnel by 20 percent and to achieve $10.0 billion in cost savings over 5 years. It would also amend section 904 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66), which requires the Secretary of Defense to develop a plan for streamlining Department of Defense management headquarters, by requiring an accurate baseline accounting of defense headquarters budgets and personnel, and more specific information on actual and planned reductions in management headquarters. In addition, this section would further modify section 904 of Public Law 113–66 to require the Department to implement its planned reduction in management headquarters budgets and personnel for certain organizations in the National Capital Region. Lastly, it would clarify that civilian employees funded from workingcapital funds are not subject to the reduction requirement. 
that would require the Department to plan and budget for $10.0 billion in cost savings in its headquarters, administrative and support activities between fiscal year 2015 and 2019. The amendment would also require at least a 25 percent reduction to headquarters activities, which would count towards the $10.0 billion savings. Finally, the amendment would require a comprehensive review of headquarters, administrative and support functions with an eye towards streamlining and consolidating these functions across the Department of Defense. 
the reductions, as having been accomplished in earlier fiscal years in accordance with the December 2013 Directive, as part of the baseline amount under this section for all of the Department of Defense headquarters and the specific baseline amounts for each such headquarters activity. 
302) that would authorize $25.0 million for transportation projects on local roads that would help mitigate traffic congestion associated with the military facility. 
The House recedes. We note that the Defense Access Road program provides such funds around military installations where warranted. 
Report on efforts to reduce high energy costs at 
The Senate recedes. We encourage the Assistant Secretary of 
Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment to include in the Department’s Annual Energy Management Report an assessment of cost reduction efforts by military installations with high energy costs to include state and local partnership opportunities. 
Exemption of Department of Defense from alternative fuel procurement 
315) that would amend section 526 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140) to exempt the Department of Defense from the requirements related to contracts for alternative or synthetic fuel in that section. 
Limitation on plan, design, refurbishing, or construction of biofuels refineries 
316) that would require the Department of Defense to obtain a congressional authorization before entering into a contract for the planning, design, refurbishing, or construction of a biofuels refinery. 
317) that would require the Department of Defense to conduct a comprehensive study on the impact of any final rule to the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone on military readiness. 
321) that would assign certain new work requirements based on determinations of cost efficiency. 
in DODI 7041.04, while validated by the DOD Office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation (CAPE), ‘‘continues to have certain limitations,’’ as reported by the Government Accountability Office in GAO–13–792, ‘‘Opportunities Exist to Further Improve DOD’s Methodology for Estimating the Costs of Its Workforces.’’ In the same report, GAO raised questions ‘‘about the extent to which . . . officials throughout DOD are aware of a requirement to use the methodology for decisions other than insourcing.’’ 
334) that would require the Secretary of Defense to enter into contracts with third party vendors to provide wireless highspeed Internet and network connections for certain members of the Armed Forces deployed overseas. 
Assessment of outreach for small business concerns owned and controlled by women and minorities required before conversion of certain functions to contractor performance 
The Senate recedes. We note the need for intensive Asian language training, and direct the Secretary of Defense to provide the defense committees with a briefing no later than April 15, 2016, on the steps Department of Defense is taking to meet that need within the context of the Administration’s policy to rebalance to the AsiaPacific region. 
the workingcapital fund activities of the Department of Defense 
should continue to optimize existing workload plans to ensure a strong organic industrial base workforce. 
401) that would authorize the following end strengths for activeduty personnel of the Armed Forces as of September 30, 2016: Army, 475,000; Navy, 329,200; Marine Corps, 184,000; and Air Force, 320,715. 
activeduty end strength for the Air Force of 317,000. The agreement includes the House provision. End strength levels for the active forces 
for fiscal year 2016 are set forth in the following table: 
411) that would authorize the following end strengths for Selected Reserve personnel of the Armed Forces as of September 30, 2016: 
the Army National Guard, 342,000; the Army Reserve, 198,000; the Navy Reserve, 57,400; the Marine Corps Reserve, 38,900; the Air National Guard of the United States, 105,500; the Air Force Reserve, 69,200; and the Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. 
The agreement includes this provision. End strength levels for the Selected Reserve for fiscal year 2016 are set forth in the following table: 
The Senate recedes. We note that the Senate amendment expressed the Sense of the Senate that the National Guard Bureau should account for states that routinely recruit and retain members in excess of state authorizations when allocating fulltime operational support duty personnel. We encourage the National Guard Bureau to consider this when allocating fulltime duty support personnel. 
End strength levels for the reserves on active duty in support of the reserves for fiscal year 2016 are set forth in the following table: 
413) that would authorize the following end strengths for military technicians (dual status) as of September 30, 2016: the Army National Guard of the United States, 26,099; the 
Army Reserve, 7,395; the Air National Guard of the United States, 22,104; and the Air Force Reserve, 9,814. 
End strength levels for military technicians (dual status) for fiscal year 2016 are set forth in the following table: 
414) that would authorize the following personnel limits for the reserve components of the Army and Air Force for nondual status technicians as of September 30, 2016: the 
The agreement includes this provision. End strength levels for the nondual status 
technicians for fiscal year 2016 are set forth in the following table: 
415) that would authorize the maximum number of reserve component personnel who may be on Active Duty or fulltime National 
authorized to be on Active Duty for operational support for fiscal year 2016 are set forth in the following table: 
421) that would authorize appropriations for military personnel at the levels identified in the funding table in section 4401 of this Act. 
422) that would require a report on the force structure of the Army. 
to increase certain end strengths applicable to the Army National Guard 
boards to select officers for early retirement, which provides that the number of officers recommended for retirement may not be more than 30 percent of the number of officers considered. 
The House recedes. Authority to defer until age 68 mandatory 
502) that would amend section 1253 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize service secretaries to defer the retirement of general and flag officers serving as the Chief or Deputy Chief of Chaplains in their respective Services to age 68. 
503) that would require the Secretary of Defense to direct the Director, Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, to define certain costs associated with general and flag officers for the purpose of estimating and managing the full costs associated with these officers and aides. 
512) that would amend section 10149 of title 10, United States Code, to require that members of the Ready Reserve who occupy certain federal key positions whose mobilization in an emergency would seriously impair the capability of a federal agency or office to function effectively are not retained in the Ready Reserve. 
that would amend section 10149 of title 10, United States Code, to provide that a member of the Ready Reserve who is also a member of Congress may not be transferred to the Standby Reserve or discharged on account of the individual’s position as a Member of Congress unless the Secretary of Defense, or in the Coast Guard Reserve, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, determines that transfer or discharge is based on the needs of 
The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment. 
521) that would require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security to prescribe policies and procedures for the Armed Forces when members of the Ready Reserve are ordered to active duty. 
522) that would amend chapter 1209 of title 10, United States Code, to redesignate inactive duty of the Reserve component to encompass operational and other duties performed while in an active duty status. 
523) that would amend chapter 1209 of title 10, United States Code, to add a new subchapter on the purpose of Reserve duty. 
524) that would amend chapter 5 of title 32, United States Code, and insert a new section on training and other duty performed by members of the National Guard. 
525) that would make certain conforming and clerical amendments related to the authorities to be added or modified by sections 521, 522, 523 and 524 of the House bill. 
526) that would require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Homeland Security to submit a plan to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives, to implement the authorities to be added or modified by sections 521, 522, 523, 524 and 525 of the House bill. 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, containing the Secretary’s assessment of the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission’s recommendation to consolidate the statutory authorities by which members of the reserve components may be ordered to perform duty. The report shall include the Secretary’s assessment of the Commission’s recommendation to consolidate 30 Reserve Component duty statuses into 6 broader statuses, with an analysis of each of the statuses recommended by the Commission. If the Secretary determines that a different consolidation is preferable, the report should clearly articulate why the Secretary’s recommendation is preferable to the specific recommendation of the Commission. The report should include draft legislation to implement the recommendations of the Secretary not later than 1 October 2018. 
531) that would authorize the service secretaries to develop new incentives to encourage recruitment into the Armed Forces. If a service secretary utilizes the authority provided, they shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees. 
532) that would modify section 533 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417) to remove the prohibition for participation by members of the Armed Forces serving under an agreement upon entry, or members receiving a critical military skill retention bonus under section 355 of title 37, United States Code, from participating in pilot programs on career flexibility to enhance retention. The provision would also remove the restriction that limits the number of participants in the program to 20 officers and 20 enlisted members who may be selected to participate in the pilot program during a calendar year. 
534) that would require the Secretary of Defense to include measuring the combat readiness of combat units, including special operations forces, when developing genderneutral occupational standards. 
The Senate recedes. We note that the development of gender 
neutral occupational standards is vital in determining the occupational assignments of all members of the Armed Forces. We believe that studies being conducted by the Armed Forces are important to the development of these standards and should incorporate the best scientific practices available and that the Armed Forces should consider these studies carefully to ensure they do not result in unnecessary barriers to service and that decisions on occupational assignments be based on objective analysis and not negatively impact combat effectiveness, including units whose primary mission is to engage in direct ground combat at the tactical level. 
539) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a process by which the commander of a military installation in the United States may authorize a member of 
the Armed Forces who is assigned to duty at 
the installation to carry a concealed personal firearm on the installation. 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a process by which the commander of a military installation in the United States, reserve center, recruiting center, or other defense facility may authorize a member of the Armed Forces who is assigned to the installation or facility to carry an appropriate firearm on the installation if the commander determines it necessary as a personal or forceprotection measure. The amendment requires the Secretary of Defense to consider the views of senior leadership of military installations in establishing the process. 
times to active shooter attacks on U.S. military installations and facilities. We believe that such response times should be diminished in order to protect U.S. servicemembers and their families. We believe that commanders of U.S. military installations and facilities should take steps to arm additional personnel in order to diminish response times to active shooter attacks if they believe that arming those personnel will contribute to that goal. 
537) that would require the Secretary of the Army to establish a comprehensive policy on breastfeeding by female servicemembers of the Army. 
538) that would express the sense of Congress that the United States should recognize and promote diversity in the Armed Forces and honor those from all diverse backgrounds and religious traditions serving in the Armed Forces. 
The House recedes with an amendment authorizing a victim to petition the Court of Criminal Appeals for a writ of mandamus based on an assertion that the victim’s rights at an Article 32, UCMJ, investigation were violated or that the victim is subject to an order to submit to a deposition notwithstanding the fact that the victim is available to testify at a courtmartial. 
Victims’ Counsel services to a civilian employee of the Department of Defense who is a victim of a sexrelated offense, when authorized by the Secretary of Defense or the secretary of the military department concerned. 
that would require that a victim of a sexrelated offense be provided notice of the availability of a Special Victims’ Counsel before any military criminal investigator or trial counsel interviews, or requests any statement from, the individual regarding the alleged sexrelated offense, subject to such exceptions for exigent circumstances as the Secretary may prescribe. 
that does not include the requirement for ‘‘adequate’’ military justice experience. We note that there is no similar requirement for adequate military justice experience for trial 
counsel or defense counsel. We expect the Judge Advocates General and the Staff Judge Advocate to the Commandant of the Marine Corps to carefully select and train the optimal candidates to effectively and zealously perform Special Victims’ Counsel duties. 
will take all necessary action to ensure that Department personnel are fully supported and vigorously represented in response to any actions by a state licensing authority considering potentially adverse licensing or similar credentialing action based on actions of an officer or employee of the Department who acts in an official professional capacity in reliance on this authority. 
The House recedes. We note that the Judicial Proceedings 
Panel (JPP) has already gathered a significant number of documents provided by the Department of Defense, and encourage the Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces to make full use of the information already gathered by and for the JPP. 
550) that would require the Secretary of Defense to develop a plan to improve prevention and response to sexual assaults in which the victim is a male member of the Armed Forces. 
549) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a comprehensive strategy to prevent retaliation carried out by members of the Armed Forces against other members who report or otherwise intervene on behalf of the victim in instances of sexual assault. 
that would require a briefing on the strategy to prevent retaliation be provided to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives not later than 180 days from enactment of this Act. 
551) that would require the secretary of a military department to ensure that commanders of each unit of the Junior and Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps, all Professors of Military Science, senior military instructors and civilians detailed, assigned or employed as administrators and instructors of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps receive regular sexual assault prevention and response training and education. The provision also required that secretaries of the military departments ensure information regarding legal assistance and the sexual assault and prevention program is made available to such personnel. 
that would require service secretaries to ensure that the commander of each unit of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps and all Professors of Military Science, senior military instructors, and civilian employees detailed, assigned, or employed as administrators and instructors of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps receive regular sexual assault prevention and response training and education. 
554) that would require the Secretary of Defense to update records retention policies, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, to ensure that all elements of the case file related to an alleged sexrelated offense be retained as part of the investigative records retained in accordance with section 3500 of title 18, United States Code, and section 586 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81). 
558) that would require the Secretary of Defense to examine the Department of Defense and interagency review process for implementing statutory changes to the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ), and to adopt such changes as required to streamline the process and to ensure that legal guidance is published at the same time as statutory changes to the UCMJ are implemented. 
that would limit the scope of the Secretary of Defense review to the process within the Department of Defense, and to require that legal guidance is issued as soon as practicable after statutory changes to the UCMJ are implemented. 
Modification of Rule 104 of the Rules for Courts 
Modification of Rule 304 of the Military Rules of 
561) that would exclude any day on which a member performed fulltime training or annual training duty and attendance designated as a service school from the calculation of continuous days of Active Duty for the purposes of preseparation counseling. 
562) that would require the Secretaries of Defense and Homeland Security to permit a member of the Armed Forces to receive additional training under the Transition Assistance Program in preparation for higher education or training, career or technical training, or entrepreneurship. 
that would authorize Joint Professional Military Education Phase II courses to be taught in residence at or offered through the Joint Forces Staff College or senior level service school designated as a joint professional military education institution. 
564) that would increase the number of nominations to the military service academies that may be nominated by Delegates in Congress from the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
agreements with the Army West Point Athletic Association (Association) for the purpose of supporting the athletic and physical fitness programs of the United States Military Academy (Academy); 
for resources of the Academy and the Association, in accordance with accepted accounting principles; 
The provision would also authorize the Association to enter into licensing, marketing, and sponsorship agreements relating to trademark and service marks identifying the Academy, subject to the approval of the Secretary of the Army. 
provision is limited to athletic programs and not to physical fitness programs. We note this limitation is consistent with the authorities granted for the other service academies. 
that would remove the requirement that admission of defense industry civilians to the United States Air Force Institute of Technology be on a spaceavailable basis as long as such attendance does not require an increase in the size of the faculty, course offerings, or laboratory facilities of the school. 
The House recedes with a technical amendment that would exempt individuals who were involuntarily separated from service under honorable conditions. 
566) that would amend section 320 of title 38, United States Code, to establish a Job Training and PostService Placement Executive Committee under the Department of Veterans AffairsDepartment of Defense Joint Executive Committee, to review existing job training and postservice placement programs and to identify changes to improve job training and postservice placement. 
571) that would authorize $30.0 million in impact act aid to assist local education agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees. 
The House recedes. Authority to use appropriated funds to support 
572) that would extend the family support program authority provided for immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces assigned to Special Operations Forces in section 554 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) by 2 years, from 2016 to 2018. 
581) that would waive the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to award the DistinguishedService Cross under section 3742 of such title to Edward Halcomb, who distinguished himself by acts of exceptional heroism while serving in Korea during the Korean War as a member of the United States Army in the grade of Private First Class, in Company B, 1st Battalion, 29th Infantry Regiment, 24th Infantry Division from August 20, 1950 to October 19, 1950. 
595) that would require the Secretary of Defense to develop a policy to coordinate the efforts of the Department of Defense and nongovernmental suicide prevention organizations and to submit that policy to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
that would authorize the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the service secretaries, to develop a policy to coordinate the efforts of the Department of Defense and nongovernment suicide prevention organizations. 
598) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide a mental health screening to individuals prior to enlisting or commissioning in the Armed Forces. 
that would require the Secretary to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the feasibility of conducting a mental health screening before the enlistment or accession of an individual into the Armed Forces. 
599) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress a report that discusses the ability and reliability of the Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC) to meet realtime requests for accurate information needed for lenders to make a determination whether a borrower is covered by the Military Lending Act. Beginning 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and continuing every 6 months thereafter, the Director of DMDC will report on the accuracy and reliability of DMDC systems. The Director of DMDC would be further required to provide a report on plans to strengthen the capabilities of the DMDC to improve identification of covered borrowers and policyholders under military consumer protection laws. The Director of DMDC would be required to meet regularly with private sector users of DMDC systems concerning issues with DMDC systems facing such users with the first meeting to take place 3 months after enactment of this Act. 
Authority of promotion boards to recommend officers of particular merit be placed at the top of the promotion list 
We agree there is a need to review and 
modernize procedures to select officers for promotion. They encourage the Department of Defense to develop recommendations to enhance the flexibility of service officer promotion boards to identify and select officers of particular merit for early promotion. The services and careeroriented officers will both benefit if the procedures that result are viewed by all stakeholders as objective and fair. 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Army Chief of Legislative Liaison be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel. 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Army Assistant Surgeon General be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel. 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Chief of the Army Nurse Corps be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel. 
title 10, United States Code, to require that the Army Chief of the Veterinary Corps be an officer in a grade above the grade of lieutenant colonel. 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Navy Chief of Legislative Affairs be an officer in a grade above the grade of captain. 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Navy Directors of Medical Corps be officers in a grade above the grade of captain. 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Air Force Chief of Legislative Liaison be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel. 
of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Chief of the Air Force Nurse Corps be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel. 
title 10, United States Code, to require that the Air Force Assistant Surgeon General for Dental Services be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel. 
case of an officer who on the date of enactment of the Act is serving in a position that is covered by this provision, the continued service of that officer in such position after the date of enactment of the Act shall not be affected by the provision. 
The Senate recedes. Authority to designate certain Reserve officers 
as not to be considered for selection for promotion 
513) that would exempt military technicians (dual status) from civilian employee furloughs. 
Reconciliation of contradictory provisions relating to citizenship qualifications for enlistment in the reserve components of the Armed Forces 
equipment requirements for the nonfederalized National Guard to support civilian authorities in prevention and response to non catastrophic domestic disasters 
514) that would amend section 10504 of title 10, United States Code, to require the Chief of the National Guard Bureau to submit to the congressional defense committees and a list of other officials an annual report on the personnel, training, and equipment requirements for the nonfederalized National Guard to support civilian authorities in the prevention and response to noncatastrophic domestic disasters. 
The House recedes. The Senate recedes. The agreement does not include this provision. 
National Guard civil and defense support activities and related matters 
515) that would amend chapter 1 of title 32, United States Code, related to the National Guard’s conduct of the Modular Airborne Fire Fighting System mission. 
service performed by members of the Ready Reserve of the Armed Forces 
516) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish an electronic tracking system for members of the Ready Reserve of the 
Armed Forces to track their operational ActiveDuty service performed after January 28, 2008. 
The House recedes. We direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report within 90 days of enactment, on the implementation of section 632 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66), which requires the Secretary of Defense to periodically notify each member of the Ready Reserve of reduced eligibility age. 
The Senate recedes. We note that the Secretary of Defense 
should ensure that servicemembers are utilizing the tuition assistance benefit to further their professional goals through education by encouraging counseling and advising to assist with establishing a plan unique to each servicemember’s professional development. 
Reports on educational levels attained by certain members of the Armed Forces at time of separation from the Armed Forces 
and reviews related to protected communications of members of the Armed Forces and prohibited retaliatory actions 
reflect change in gender identity after separation from the Armed Forces 
536) that would amend section 1551 of title 10, United States Code, to require a service secretary to reissue a certificate of discharge of any person who, after separation from the Armed Forces, undergoes a change in gender identity and assumes a different name. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. 
Online access to the higher education component of the Transition Assistance Program 
Access to Special Victims’ Counsel for former dependents of members and former members of the Armed Forces 
546) that would require the victim of any offense that involves a victim to be provided an opportunity to submit matters for consideration in nonjudicial punishment proceedings, and to receive copies of prepared records of the proceedings without charge as soon as a decision is finalized. The provision would also amend chapter 59 of title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to prescribe regulations to provide victims an opportunity to submit matters concerning the impact of the offense on the victim for consideration by the person or board authorized to provide recommendations and act on administrative separation of enlisted members, and for boards of inquiry 
hearing under Article 32 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice 
Minimum confinement period required for conviction of certain sexrelated offenses committed by members of the Armed Forces 
Uniform Code of Military Justice) to require a minimum punishment of a dismissal or dishonorable discharge and confinement for 2 years for servicemembers convicted of certain sexrelated offenses. 
Code of Military Justice to timely disclosure of certain materials and information in connection with prosecution of offenses 
The Senate recedes. We encourage the Secretary of Defense to 
adopt an electronic system with capabilities similar to those of the Public Access to Court Electronic Records (PACER) system to provide Special Victims’ Counsel, victims, and the general public with courtmartial docketing information and case filings. 
record of proceedings and testimony of courtsmartial in cases in which sentences adjudged could include punitive discharge 
The Senate recedes. Executive Order 13669, June 13, 2014, 
amended Rule for CourtsMartial 1103 to require that a free record of trial be provided to any victim named in a specification alleging a sex offense. 
require consistent preparation of the full record of trial 
Rule 1103 of the Manual for CourtsMartial relating to the preparation of the record of trial to require the trial counsel to prepare a complete record of trial for any general or special courtmartial and that no content may be exempted from the record of trial based on the outcome of the courtmartial proceeding. 
reports regarding Department of Defense sexual assault prevention and response 
Establishment of Office of Complex Investigations within the National Guard Bureau 
The Senate recedes. We believe that this legislation is unnecessary as the Office of Complex Investigations has already been established in the National Guard Bureau. 
health records of Department of Defense medical treatment facilities in cases involving any sexrelated offense 
The House recedes. We understand that the release of mental 
health records can constitute an invasion of privacy. We are also aware that overly broad restrictions on release of mental health records could adversely impact necessary law enforcement investigations such as when the alleged victim is deceased. We direct the Secretary of Defense to issue specific, uniform guidance regarding release of mental health records to ensure an appropriate balance between the interests of law enforcement and victim privacy. 
Public availability of records of certain proceedings under the Uniform Code of Military Justice 
556) that would require the Secretary of Defense to make available to the public, electronically through a website of the Department of Defense, specified information for all proceedings under the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) including special and general courtsmartial, actions by a convening authority under section 860 of title 10, United States Code (Article 60, UCMJ), reviews conducted by the Courts of Criminal Appeals under section 866 (Article 66, UCMJ) and reviews conducted by the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces under section 867 (Article 67, UCMJ). 
The House recedes. We encourage the Secretary of Defense to 
adopt an electronic system with capabilities similar to those of the Public Access to Court Electronic Records (PACER) system to provide Special Victims’ Counsel, victims, and the general public with courtmartial docketing information and case filings. Revision of Department of Defense Directive 
Type memorandum 15–003, relating to registered sex offender identification, notification, and monitoring in the Department of Defense 
557) that would require the Secretary of Defense to revise the Department of Defense DirectiveType memorandum 15–003, relating to registered sex offender identification, notification, and monitoring in the Department of Defense. 
The House recedes. This provision is no longer necessary as 
section 502 of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22), enacted on May 29, 2015, amends the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act to require the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Attorney General information to be included in the National Sex Offender Registry and the Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Public Website regarding certain sex offenders. 
Sense of Congress on the service of military families and on sentencing retirementeligible members of the Armed Forces 
Biennial surveys of military dependents on military family readiness matters 
567) that would authorize a direct employment pilot program for members of the National Guard and Reserve in the amount of up to $20.0 million per fiscal year. 
568) that would amend section 558 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81) by adding additional military occupational specialties to the pilot program required under that section. 
569) that would amend section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, to require members of 
the Armed Forces whose duties are primarily as a mariner to receive training necessary to meet requirements for licenses and certificates for merchant mariners. 
Report on civilian and military education to respond to future threats 
570) that would require a report from the Secretary of Defense on civilian and military educational activities aimed at addressing future threats. 
Availability of cyber security and IT certifications for Department of Defense personnel critical to network defense 
570a) that would authorize the Department of Defense to utilize funds to obtain cyber security and IT certifications for Department of Defense personnel critical to network defense. 
The House recedes. We recognize that industry cyber security 
and IT certifications may be helpful to a certain category of network operators and maintainers, but may not be comparable to the training required for more advanced network defense skills needed by critical personnel at the Department of Defense. We are concerned that the full scope of needs in this area as compared to the funding available are not yet well understood, nor is the contribution of these industry certifications to the training needed of the cyber mission forces. We believe that until those requirements are better understood, the current scope of funded certification activities should remain stable until there is a better established connection between cyber security and IT certifications and the skills required for specific positions with the Department of Defense. However, we note industry recognized cyber security and IT certifications may be beneficial for some Department of Defense personnel critical to network defense. Therefore, we encourage the Secretary of Defense to examine the needs of the Department and determine the extent and role industry cyber security and IT certifications should play in workforce management. 
Support for efforts to improve academic achievement and transition of military dependent students 
573) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to make grants to nonprofit organizations that provide services to military dependent students. 
use existing authority to work with non profit organizations to provide services to military dependent students to improve academic achievement and civic responsibility. 
track dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees who are elementary or secondary education students 
574) that would require a study by the Secretary of Defense on the feasibility of using DEERS, the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System, to track dependents of 
members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees who are elementary or secondary education students. 
Sense of Congress regarding support for dependents of members of the Armed Forces attending specialized camps 
575) that expressed the sense of the Congress regarding support for dependents of members of the Armed Forces attending specialized camps. 
582) that would limit the authority of secretaries of the military departments to revoke a combat valor award for conduct that was not honorable to conduct that occurred during the period for which the award was awarded. 
The House recedes. We expect the service secretaries to conduct a thorough and objective review of the facts and evidence before deciding to revoke a combat valor award. 
Award of Purple Heart to members of the Armed 
Forces who were victims of the Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, bombing 
583) that would require the secretary of the military service concerned to award the Purple Heart to certain named members who were killed in the bombing that occurred at the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma on April 19, 1995. 
584) that would require the Secretary of Defense to design, produce, and distribute a military service medal to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiationexposed veterans. 
Posthumous commission as a captain in the regular Army for Milton Holland 
585) that would posthumously promote to captain in the regular Army, Milton Holland, who, while serving as sergeant major of the 5th Regiment, United States Colored Infantry, was awarded the Medal of Honor in recognition of his action on September 29, 1864, at the Battle of Chapin’s Farm, Virginia. 
Army to posthumously promote Master Sergeant (retired) Naomi Horwitz to sergeant major 
586) that would express a sense of Congress supporting the decision of the Army to posthumously promote Master Sergeant (retired) Naomi Horwitz to sergeant major. 
The House recedes. We note the Secretary of the Army approved the posthumous promotion in March 2015. Priority processing of applications for Transportation Worker Identification Credentials for members undergoing discharge or release from the Armed Forces 
servicemembers transitioning from Active Duty, and recent honorably discharged veterans, continue to report significant delays in processing time to be issued Transportation Workers Identification Credentials (TWIC). Further, the Transportation Security Administration requires ActiveDuty personnel as well as veterans who recently transitioned from Active Duty to undergo and pay for a separate security review before issuing TWIC. Because many transitioning servicemembers are qualified and motivated to serve in the maritime industry, we expect the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security to consult to eliminate processing delays and waive fees for transitioning servicemembers and for honorably discharged veterans. 
The Senate recedes. We note that an alternative option exists 
for honorably discharged veterans to utilize stateissued ID cards that designate veteran status. Veterans in 44 states and the District of Columbia may apply for a driver’s license or Stateissued ID card that designates veteran status. The remaining states (California, Hawaii, Illinois, Minnesota, New Jersey, and Washington) are either pending legislation or have legislation that has been signed into law but is not yet effective. Additionally, since January 2014, honorably separated members of the Uniformed Services are able to obtain an ID card providing proof of military service through the joint DODVA eBenefits web portal. 
The Senate recedes. We are concerned that the military services, particularly the Air Force, are devoting more resources and uniformed military personnel for the provision of network services than are necessary, considering the commercial network services capabilities that may be available at lower costs. While we believe the use of uniformed military personnel for network services is necessary in some cases, for example aboard ships or at expeditionary bases, there is less rationale for this use of uniform military personnel at permanent military installations within the continental United States. 
Assessment and Program Evaluation (CAPE) to evaluate the potential savings for the Department of Defense in both resources and military end strength that could be achieved by increasing the use of commercial network services capabilities within the continental United States. CAPE shall provide a briefing on their findings, including any recommendations, to the congressional defense committees no later than March 1, 2016. 
Honoring certain members of the Reserve components as veterans 
592) that would amend chapter 1 of title 38, United States Code, to require certain members of the reserve components be honored as veterans, provided that such members would not be authorized to receive any benefit administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs solely by reason of honorary veteran status. 
Forces in any tabulation of total population by Secretary of Commerce 
593) that would express the sense of Congress regarding support for military divers. 
that the secretaries of the military departments should provide for the issuance of a Gold Star Installation Access Card to family members of deceased members of the Armed Forces in order to expedite access to installations for the purpose of obtaining onbase services and military benefits for which a Gold Star family member is eligible. 
The House recedes. We note that the Department of the Army 
has initiated a program to provide Gold Star Installation Access Cards to Gold Star family members and encourage the other military departments to do the same. 
Annual report on performance of regional offices of the Department of Veterans Affairs 
597) that would amend section 7734 of title 38, United States Code, to require the individual serving as director of a regional office of the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide an annual report on the performance of any regional office that fails to meet its administrative goals. 
that would remove reference to the pay raise for grades O–6 and below. 
The agreement contains the Senate provision with an amendment that would reduce the monthly amount of the BAH through a tiered system with 1 percent in 2015, 2 percent in 2016, 3 percent in 2017, 4 percent in 2018, and 5 percent in 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter. We strongly believe that this change to the calculation of BAH should not be used to justify the collection of out ofpocket housing expenses, in excess of 
BAH, from servicemembers assigned to a housing unit acquired or constructed using the authority in subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code. 
601) that would extend for 1 year the authority of the Secretary of Defense to temporarily increase the rate of basic allowance for housing in areas impacted by natural disasters or experiencing a sudden influx of personnel. 
611) that would extend for 1 year the authority to pay the Selected Reserve reenlistment bonus, the Selected Reserve affiliation or enlistment bonus, special pay for enlisted members assigned to certain highpriority units, the Ready Reserve enlistment bonus for persons without prior service, the Ready Reserve enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service, the Selected Reserve enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service, travel expenses for certain inactiveduty training, and income replacement for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobilization for active duty service. 
612) that would extend for 1 year the authority to pay the nurse officer candidate accession bonus, education loan repayment for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve, accession and retention bonuses for psychologists, the accession bonus for registered nurses, incentive special pay for nurse anesthetists, special pay for Selected Reserve health professionals in critically short wartime specialties, the accession bonus for dental officers, the accession bonus for pharmacy officers, the accession bonus for medical officers in critically short wartime specialties, and the accession bonus for dental specialist officers in critically short wartime specialties. 
614) that would extend for 1 year the general bonus authority for enlisted members, the general bonus authority for officers, special bonus and incentive pay authorities for nuclear officers, special aviation incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers, and special bonus and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions, and contracting bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Officers’ Training Corps. The provision would also extend for 1 year the authority to pay hazardous duty pay, assignment or special duty pay, skill incentive pay or proficiency bonus, and retention incentives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. 
615) that would extend for 1 year the authority to pay the aviation officer retention bonus, assignment incentive pay, the reenlistment bonus for active members, the enlistment bonus, precommissioning incentive pay for foreign language proficiency, the accession bonus for new officers in critical skills, the incentive bonus for conversion to military occupational specialty to ease personnel shortage, the incentive bonus for transfer between Armed Forces, and the accession bonus for officer candidates. 
616) that would increase the maximum annual amount of nuclear officer bonus pay to $50,000 for retention purposes. 
617) that would increase special aviation incentive pay from $25,000 to $35,000 and make technical amendments to the aviation pay and bonus authorities. 
that would increase aviation incentive pay from $25,000 to $35,000 for officers performing qualifying flying duty relating to remotely piloted aircraft. 
Study and report on policy changes to the Joint 
632) that would establish a new military retirement defined benefit that, when combined with the governmentmatching Thrift Savings Plan, as described elsewhere in this Act, would comprise a new hybrid retirement system. This new system would apply to new entrants after January 1, 2018, and to those already serving members who choose to opt in. The new defined benefit would continue to apply only to those members who reach 20 years of service, with a multiplier rate of 2.0 times years of service rather than the current rate of 2.5 times years of service. 
631) that would provide a governmentmatching Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) benefit for those who would enter uniformed service on or after October 1, 2017, or a member serving before that date who makes a voluntary election to optin to the new plan. The TSP element would provide a 1 percent automatic agency contribution to all uniformed service 
members upon reaching 60 days of service and continue until they would reach their second year of service. At 2 years of service, a member’s TSP would vest and the Secretary concerned would begin matching TSP contributions up to 5 percent of that servicemember’s base pay for a maximum government contribution totaling 6 percent of basic pay. Uniformed service members would be automatically enrolled at 3 percent matching contributions with the option to raise or lower their contribution level. TSP governmentfunded matching contributions would continue until a uniformed service member leaves or retires from the uniformed service. 
The agreement includes the Senate provision with an amendment to provide government matching contributions in the TSP through 26 years of service. We note that all uniformed service members who would enter and serve prior to the date of implementation of the modernized retirement system would be grandfathered into the old retirement system. 
that would allow members who elect to take the lump sum an option of choosing to take 50 percent or 25 percent of the discounted present value of their defined retirement benefit that would be due to them prior to becoming fully eligible for Social Security. 
We strongly urge the Secretaries concerned to coordinate with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on counseling, or otherwise informing, new retirees on the impact this election may have on their eligibility for certain benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
633) that would direct the Secretary concerned to provide continuation pay to servicemembers serving under the new military retirement system described above who reach 12 years of service, contingent upon such members agreeing to serve another 4 years of service. 
634) that would provide for an effective date of January 1, 2018 for the modernized military retirement system. The provision also requires an implementation plan due to the appropriate committees of Congress on March 1, 2016. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. 
SUBTITLE E —COMMISSARY AND NON APPRO PRIATED FUND INSTRUMENTALITY BENEFITS  
that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than March 1, 2016, that provides a comprehensive plan to make delivery of commissary and exchange benefits budget neutral by October 1, 2018. The amendment would also require the Comptroller General of the United States to 
provide a report that assesses the Department’s plan to make the commissary and exchange benefit budget neutral to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 120 days following submission of the report by the Secretary of Defense. The amendment would authorize the Secretary of Defense to conduct one or more pilot programs to evaluate processes and methods for achieving budget neutral commissary and exchange benefits. 
651) that would require financial literacy training for servicemembers upon arrival at the first duty station and upon arrival at each subsequent duty station for servicemembers below the pay grade of E–5 in the case of enlisted personnel and below the pay grade of O–4 in the case of officers. The provision would further require financial literacy training for each servicemember at various career and life milestones. The provision would also direct the Department of Defense to include a financial literacy and preparedness survey in the status of forces survey. The provision would also express the sense of the Congress that the Secretary of Defense should work with other departments, agencies, and nonprofit organizations to improve financial literacy and preparedness with support from the service secretaries. This provision was recommended by the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission. 
The agreement includes the House provision with a technical amendment. 
The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. 
based on the duration of temporary duty assignment or civilian travel 
602) that would prohibit per diem allowance reductions based on the duration of temporary duty assignment or civilian travel. 
The Senate recedes. We intend to reform this policy next year. 
We direct the Secretary of Defense to submit a report no later than March 1, 2016, to the Senate and House Committees on Armed Services containing an assessment and recommendations of the Secretary on how to amend the current BAH system to most accurately capture actual housing costs as a limiting element of the basic allowance for housing, to include an assessment of BAH as applied in particular circumstances where the current benefit may over or undercompensate individuals based on their actual housing costs, to include single members of the armed forces and those who share accommodations with other members receiving the benefit. In developing these recommendations, the Secretary shall consider the primary purpose of the benefit to offset housing costs of uniformed members incurred by virtue of their service. 
allowance for housing to benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
The Senate recedes. We note that the Senate and House Veterans Affairs Committees intend to take up this matter. If it is not addressed by May 2016, it will be reconsidered for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. 
of next of kin to participate in the dignified transfer of remains of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense who die overseas 
kin of service members and civilian employees of the Department of Defense. 
The Senate recedes. We note that the Department of Defense 
has notified the congressional defense committees it is already conducting the review described in this provision. Further, the agreement includes a separate provision to make the necessary changes in law for the authorization for travel to the dignified transfer ceremony for family and next of kin of members of the Armed Forces who die overseas in support of humanitarian operations. We expect the Secretary, upon conclusion of the aforementioned review, to make regulatory changes in order to address inequities within the system, as the Secretary determines are appropriate. 
or other groupings in order to facilitate force shaping or to correct manpower shortages within an occupational specialty. 
641) that would prohibit changes to second destination transportation policy that applies to shipment of fresh fruits and vegetables to Asia and the Pacific theater until the Defense Commissary Agency conducts a comprehensive study on the fresh fruit and vegetable supply for the region and submits a report on the study to Congress. 
defense commissary and exchange systems pending submission of required report on Defense Commissary System 
642) that would prohibit the Secretary of Defense from taking action to replace or consolidate the defense commissary and exchange systems before submission of the report on the defense commissary system required by section 634 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
for dependents of members of the Armed Forces ineligible to receive retired pay as a result of courtmartial sentence 
Availability for purchase of Department of Veterans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for members of reserve components who performed certain training 
652) that would amend section 2306 of title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make available for purchase a memorial headstone or marker for the marked or unmarked grave of an individual who, as a member of the National Guard or reserve component, performed inactive duty training or Active Duty for training for at least 6 years. The individual must not have served on Active Duty and must otherwise be eligible on account of the nature of the individual’s separation from the Armed Forces or other causes. 
The House recedes. We understand that members of the reserve component who wish to purchase a memorial headstone or marker can purchase a nearly identical headstone or marker from private vendors. 
TRICARE pharmacy benefits program for years 2016 through 2025. After 2025, the Department of Defense (DOD) would establish copay amounts equal to the copay amounts for the previous year adjusted by an amount, if any, to reflect increases in costs of pharmaceutical agents and prescription dispensing fees. With this provision, beneficiaries would continue to receive prescription drugs at no cost in military medical treatment facilities, and there would be no changes to copays for survivors of members who died on Active Duty or for a disabled member retired under chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code, and their family members. 
that would modify prescription drug copays beginning in 2016. 
military health care system is essential and commit to working with the Department of Defense in fiscal year 2017 to begin reforming the military healthcare system. This reform must improve access, quality and the experience of care for all beneficiaries; maintain medical readiness of the military health professionals; and ensure the longterm viability and cost effectiveness of the military health care system. The current system has not kept pace with the best practices and latest innovations in the commercial healthcare market and will not meet the future needs of the DOD, the servicemembers, families, or retirees. In order to modernize and improve the military healthcare system, we agree that all elements of the current system must be reevaluated, and that increases to fees and copays will be a necessary part of such a comprehensive reform effort. 
that would require the member of the Selected Reserve to be enrolled in TRICARE Reserve Select immediately preceding the discharge of the member. 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to ensure that TRICARE Prime beneficiaries obtain health care appointments within health care access standards established by the Secretary, including through health care providers in the TRICARE preferred provider network. The amendment would also require the Secretary to publish health care access standards in the Federal Register and on a publicly accessible Internet web site of the Department of Defense. 
that would amend section 1073b of title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to publish appropriate data on measures used to assess patient safety, quality of care, patient satisfaction, and health outcomes of each military medical treatment facility on a publicly available Internet web site of the Department of Defense. The provision would also require data for health care provided by a military medical treatment facility to be accessible on the 
The provision would prohibit the Department publishing any data related to risk management activities of the Department. 
701) that would require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a joint uniform formulary that would include pain, sleep disorder, psychiatric drugs, and drugs for other conditions critical for transition of a servicemember from treatment furnished by the Department of Defense to treatment furnished by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provisions. The Senate recedes with an amendment 
that would deem certain mental health professionals eligible for reimbursement under the TRICARE program during the period preceding January 1, 2021. 
published a final rule to implement the TRICARE Certified Mental Health Counselor provider as a qualified mental health provider authorized to independently diagnose and treat TRICARE beneficiaries and receive reimbursement for services. Counselors must possess a master’s or higherlevel degree from a Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs accredited mental health counseling program of education and pass the National Clinical Mental Health Counseling Examination. We consider these reasonable criteria to help ensure TRICARE beneficiaries obtain mental health care from qualified counselors and do not believe another extension of the transition for qualification as a TRICARE Certified Mental Health Counselor beyond the extension in this provision would be advisable. 
Additionally, we agree that the Department of Defense should continue to support members of the Armed Forces and their families by providing readily available family and individual counseling services that reduce the symptoms of posttraumatic stress and other behavioral health disorders and empower members to be available emotionally to their spouses and children. We believe the Department should consider industry standards established by the medical community when developing standards for family and individual counseling services at military installations. 
721) that would amend section 8111 of title 38, United States Code, to extend the authority for the DODVA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund through September 30, 2020. 
713) that would amend chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, by inserting a new section after section 1073b, to prohibit the Secretary of Defense from realigning or restructuring a military medical treatment facility (MTF) until 90 days following the date the Secretary submits a report to the congressional defense committees on the proposed restructuring or realignment of the MTF. 
access up to four urgent care visits per year without the need to obtain preauthorization for such visits. 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to carry out a 3year pilot program to allow covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program to access urgent care visits without the need to obtain preauthorization for those visits. The amendment would require the Secretary to submit two interim reports and one final report on the pilot program to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
We note that current TRICARE policy requires TRICARE Prime beneficiaries to obtain preauthorization for urgent care visits. This administrative burden encourages beneficiaries to utilize emergency departments inappropriately for urgent care needs. We believe this pilot program would help beneficiaries choose the most appropriate source for the health care they need and potentially lower health care costs for the Department of Defense. 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit interim reports on the pilot program at 1year intervals following implementation of the program and a final report on the program by September 30, 2019. 
policies and procedures in place that require primary care providers to receive annual training on suicide prevention, and that the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs submitted a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives in April 2015, on a coordinated, unified plan to ensure adequate mental health counseling resources to address the longterm needs of all members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their families. 
that assesses the report of the Secretary of Defense. 
Access to broad range of methods of contraception approved by the Food and Drug Administration for members of the Armed Forces and military dependents at military treatment facilities 
702) that would require the Secretary of Defense to ensure that every military medical treatment facility has a sufficient stock of a broad range of contraceptive methods approved by the Food and Drug Administration to be able to dispense any contraceptive method to service women and other female beneficiaries eligible for healthcare in those facilities. 
The House recedes. We note that military medical treatment 
facilities stock and dispense a broad range of contraceptive methods approved by the Food and Drug Administration to service women and other eligible female beneficiaries. We encourage the Department of Defense to ensure that deployed service women have access to prescription contraceptives throughout the duration of their deployments. 
703) that would require the Secretary of Defense to ensure that service women who use prescription contraceptives receive, prior to deployment, a sufficient supply of those contraceptives for the duration of their deployments. 
The House recedes. We expect the Secretary of Defense to ensure that service women who use contraceptives have contraceptives available throughout their deployment. This can be accomplished by use of the TRICARE Mail Order Pharmacy program or other means. 
704) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the service secretaries, to provide reproductive counseling and infertility treatments, including continuation of infertility services during a change of duty station relocation, to members and dependents of members of the Armed Forces. 
The House recedes. We note that section 729 of the Carl Levin 
and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 
of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees assessing the access of members of the Armed Forces and their dependents to reproductive counseling and infertility treatments. The Department of Defense has not yet provided this report to the committees. We believe that a thorough study of this report must be done prior to enacting legislation on this issue. 
Armed Forces for posttraumatic stress disorder related to military sexual trauma 
The Senate recedes. We note that the Services already have capabilities to provide intensive outpatient services for substance abuse rehabilitation and behavioral health disorders. The Navy has 12 substance abuse rehabilitation programs located at intensive outpatient program sites in the United States and overseas, and the Air Force has one program. The Army is establishing intensive outpatient programs at 17 military medical treatment facilities by fiscal year 2016, and these programs will offer multiweek intensive behavioral health services to treat patients with severe behavioral health conditions like posttraumatic stress disorder. 
711) that would amend chapter 6 of Title 10, United States Code, to require the President, through the Secretary of Defense and with the advice and consent of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to establish a unified command for medical operations to provide medical services to the Armed Forces and other eligible health care beneficiaries. 
714) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to conduct a pilot program to evaluate whether a preferred retail pharmacy network will generate cost savings for the Department of Defense. 
The House recedes. We observe that the Department of Defense 
proactively monitor the effects of the transition of maintenance medications specific to affected beneficiaries from retail pharmacies to mail order and military medical treatment facility (MTF) pharmacies, including important effects such as availability of medications, timeliness and accuracy of prescriptions filled, and satisfaction for the TRICARE for Life pharmacy pilot established by section 716 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239). Accordingly, for the first 12 months following the expansion of the pilot 
program requirements to additional TRICARE beneficiaries as of October 1, 2015, we direct the DOD to provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a quarterly report detailing the results of monitoring the effects of the transition from retail pharmacies to mail order and MTF pharmacies on affected beneficiaries, including actions taken to address any issues identified as a result of these monitoring efforts. Each quarterly report shall be submitted no later than 30 days after the end of the respective quarter of the fiscal year. 
and dental positions to civilian medical and dental positions 
724) that would require the peerreviewed Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain Injury Research Program of the Department of Defense to conduct a study on blast injury mechanics covering a broad range of blast injury conditions, including traumatic brain injury. 
care provided by the Department of Defense through the Hospital Compare website of the Department of Health and Human Services 
The Senate recedes. We strongly encourage the Department of 
Defense to demonstrate greater transparency of quality of care and health outcomes data by making such data available on the Hospital Compare web site of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
Report on plan to improve pediatric care and related services for children of members of the Armed Forces 
The Senate recedes. We encourage the Department of Defense 
to continue improvement in the delivery of healthcare services to pediatric patients, especially those patients with severe disabilities, and to correct deficiencies noted in the report from the Secretary of Defense required by Section 735 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239). We direct the Department of Defense to include pediatric health outcome measures in the annual report to Congress on TRICARE program effectiveness. 
The Senate recedes. We note a requirement, in a separate section of this bill, for the Comptroller General of United States to submit a report assessing the Department’s plans to improve health outcomes, to create health value, and to ensure the provision of quality health care in military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
802) that would require the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps to review their current authorities provided in sections 3033, 5033, 5043, and 8033 of title 10, United States Code, and other relevant statutes and regulations related to defense acquisitions for the purpose of developing such recommendations that the Chief concerned or the Commandant considers necessary to further or strengthen the role of the Chief concerned or the Commandant in the development of requirements, acquisition processes, and the associated budget practices of the Department of Defense. 
Role of Chiefs of Staff in the acquisition process 
the role of Chiefs of Staff in the defense acquisition process. This provision would reinforce the role and responsibilities of the Chiefs of Staff in decisions regarding the balancing of resources and priorities, and associated tradeoffs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance on major defense acquisition programs. 
The House bill had no similar provision. The House recedes. 
that would require procedures to be developed within 180 days. 
that would clarify that the Commander of CYBERCOM may obligate and expend up to $75.0 million of the funds made available for each fiscal year from 2016 through 2021. The amendment would add a requirement for an implementation plan, the review of programs being acquired under this authority by the Cyber Investment Management Board, and an annual end of year assessment. The amendment would also make a number of technical and conforming edits. 
should utilize this limited acquisition authority to fulfill cyber operationspeculiar and cyber capabilitypeculiar requirements the services are unable to meet to ensure the Department of Defense is adequately postured to defend and respond to cyber threats. We maintain that this limited authority should not be construed to replace the acquisition responsibilities of the military services to fulfill their man, train and equip requirements. We believe successful demonstration of these acquisition authorities will require implementation of memoranda of agreement with the military services to define enduring responsibilities and more explicit definition cyber operationspeculiar and cyber capabilitypeculiar requirements. 
801) that would require the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps to each submit a report to the congressional defense committees on their efforts to leverage their existing statutory authorities in a manner that links and streamlines their services’ requirements, acquisition, and budget processes in order to foster improved outcomes. 
SUBTITLE B —AMENDMENTS TO GENERAL CON TRACTING AUTHORITIES , PROCEDURES , AND 
806) that would strike the existing requirement that the head of an agency must determine that substantial savings would be achieved before entering into a multiyear contract. 
that would require that significant savings would be achieved before entering into a multiyear contract. 
that would provide for an exception to this limitation for subcontracts and contracts under the offset agreement for work performed in a foreign country that are directly related to the weapon systems of defenserelated item being purchased under the contract. 
853) would make permanent the other transactions authority (OTA) for contracting established in section 845 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160), as modified most recently by section 812 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). The provision would also 
The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (section 804) that modified the authority, as well as modifying the definition of a ‘‘nontraditional’’ defense contractor. 
authorities of section 2371 of title 10, United States Code, and the related and dependent authorities of section 845 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160) as modified and codified in this provision, can make them attractive to firms and organizations that do not usually participate in government contracting due to the typical overhead burden and ‘‘one size fits all’’ rules. We believe that expanded use of OTAs will support Department of Defense efforts to access new source of technical innovation, such as Silicon Valley startup companies and small commercial firms. 
854) that would raise the simplified acquisition threshold from $100,000 to $500,000, the micropurchase threshold from $3,000 to $5,000, and the special emergency procurement authority threshold for purchases inside the United States from $250,000 to $750,000 and for purchases outside the United States from $1.0 million to $1.5 million, and the small business reservation threshold from $100,000 to $500,000. 
that would amend section 1903 of title 41, United States Code to raise the special emergency procurement authority threshold. 
combines these two provisions. The provision would mandate that the Department of Defense create an acquisition strategy for each major defense acquisition program, each major automated information system, and each major system approved by an MDA. The provision further outlines key areas that should be considered in the strategies, as well as a process for the periodic review of the strategy by the MDA. 
823) that would establish a new section in chapter 144 of title 10, United States Code that requires the program acquisition strategy for each major defense acquisition program or major system to include an identification of major program risks and a risk management and mitigation strategy. 
combines these two provisions designed to reduce programmatic risk. The provision mandates that the program acquisition strategy specifically address approaches to manage and mitigate risks, and highlights a number of techniques that support such mitigation. The provision further highlights the importance of prototyping as a risk mitigation approach. 
of a program acquisition strategy should be addressed with each increment of a program. Further, we expect that the comprehensive approach to risk mitigation should identify: each individual risk to the program; risk management and mitigation activities developed to address the risks; and resources to support those mitigation activities. 
825) that would amend section 2366a of title 10, United States Code, to require the Milestone Decision Authority to make a written determination, in lieu of a certification, before approving milestone A. 
that combines these two provisions. The provision establishes the Milestone Decision Authority’s responsibility to ensure that an acquisition program has demonstrated sufficient knowledge to enter into a risk reduction phase following Milestone A and has sound plans to progress to the development phase before granting milestone approval. It specifies the considerations the milestone decision authority must take into account, thereby addressing the critical activities that need to precede and occur during the succeeding risk reduction phase. 
826) that would amend section 2366b of title 10, United States Code, to require the Milestone Decision Authority (MDA) to make a written determination, instead of a certification, for some of the existing certification requirements before approving milestone B. 
The provision establishes the MDA’s responsibility to ensure that an acquisition program has demonstrated sufficient knowledge to enter a development phase and has sound plans in place to deliver the required capability, before granting milestone approval. It specifies the considerations the MDA must take into account, thereby addressing the critical activities that need to 
precede and occur during the development phase. It further specifies that the MDA must certify that the program has a high likelihood of accomplishing its intended mission based on a formal postpreliminary design review assessment, and that the technology in the program has been demonstrated in a relevant environment based on an independent review and assessment. 
that would clarify that the provision would apply to new programs reaching milestone A after October 1, 2016; modify certain certification requirements; and require the Secretary of Defense to review the acquisition oversight process for major defense acquisition programs and limit outside requirements for documentation to an absolute minimum on those service managed programs. We note that the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics should only exercise advisory authority, subject to the overall authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of Defense, over service acquisition programs for which the service acquisition executive is the milestone decision authority. 
clarify the period of time to which the required guidance applies, and to include authority for the Secretary of Defense to adjust program management assignment tenures, under certain circumstances. 
clarify the elements of the guidance to be issued as a result of the provision. 
that would clarify the types of changes required to be approved by the service chief. 
856) that would consolidate the statutory requirement for a detailed manpower estimate prior to approval of development or production and deployment of a major defense acquisition program as established by section 2434 of title 10, United States Code, with the independent estimate of the full lifecycle cost of the program also required by section 2434. 
862) that would amend section 139b of title 10, United States Code, to clarify that the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evaluation and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Systems Engineering advise the Milestone Decision Authority regarding review and approval of developmental test plans and systems engineering plans. 
that would authorize the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evaluation and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Systems Engineering to review developmental test and evaluation and systems engineering master plans for major defense acquisition programs, respectively, and advise relevant technical authorities on the incorporation of best practices for programs under consideration. 
811) that would amend section 1705 of title 10, United States Code, to make permanent the authority for both the Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund and the associated expedited hiring authority. 
that would combine the provisions. The provision would make permanent the authority for both the Defense Acquisition Workforce Develop Fund and the associated expedited hiring authority, as well as making technical revisions to the administration of the Fund and to the biennial strategic workforce plan. 
812) that would amend section 1722a of title 10, United States Code, by reinstituting a dualtracking system of primary and functional secondary career fields for officers and noncommissioned officers serving in acquisition positions by dualtracking such personnel in operational and acquisition career fields under the shared accountability and responsibility of the military service chiefs and component acquisition executives for career path management and selections. 
The Senate recedes. We encourage the Secretary to ensure that 
the curriculum for Phase II joint professional military education includes matters in acquisition to ensure the successful performance in the acquisition or acquisition 
813) that would amend section 668 of title 10, United States Code, by adding to the term ‘‘joint matters’’ the inclusion of acquisition matters addressed by military personnel. 
The Senate recedes. We note that the Department should consider using the Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund for training in market research and other training needed to improve the Department’s use of commercial contracting and pricing methods to better access commercial industry sources. 
816) that would require the Secretary of Defense, within 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to enter into a contract with an independent research entity that is a notforprofit entity or a federally funded research and development center with appropriate expertise and analytical capability to carry out a comprehensive study of the Department of Defense’s strategic planning related to the defense acquisition workforce. 
817) that would amend section 1762 of title 10, United States Code, by extending the demonstration project relating to certain acquisition personnel management policies and procedures through 2020. 
804) that would: 1) amend chapter 140 of title 10, United States Code, by adding a new section that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish and maintain a centralized capability with the resources and expertise to oversee the making of commercial item determinations for Department of Defense procurements and to provide public access to Department of Defense commercial item determinations; and 2) would amend section 
allow the contracting officer to presume that a prior commercial item determination made by a military department, Defense Agency, or other component of the Department of Defense shall serve as a determination for subsequent procurements of such items. 
that would combine both provisions and make technical and conforming changes. 
805) that would amend section 2379 of title 10, United States Code, by striking the requirement that in making a determination that an item is a commercial item, the contracting officer shall determine in writing that the offeror of the item has submitted sufficient information to evaluate, through price analysis, the reasonableness of the price for such item. 
that would clarify the hierarchy of information that can be requested by the Department of Defense to be submitted by a contractor to support a price reasonableness determination. 
Use of recent prices paid by the Government in 
852) that would amend section 2306a of title 10, United States Code, by adding a new paragraph that would require a contracting officer to consider evidence provided by an offeror of recent purchase prices paid by the Government for the same or similar commercial items in establishing price reasonableness. 
that would require the Department of Defense to report to the congressional defense committees identifying the defenseunique provisions of law that are applicable for the procurement of commercial items or commercialoffthe shelf items, both at the prime and subcontract level. 
The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. 
that would require a written determination to be made prior to any conversion of the procurement of commercial items to a non commercial acquisition procedure. We also require the Secretary of Defense to establish procedures to track conversions of future contracts and subcontracts for improved analysis and reporting. 
831) that would codify the Department of Defense MentorProte ´ge´Pilot Program in Title 
that would clarify the eligibility requirements, forms of assistance, extension of the authorization and reporting requirements. 
We note that the Congressionallymandated Mentor Prote ´ge´program is intended to 
support efforts of small and disadvantaged businesses to partner with established defense suppliers to improve their ability to deliver needed technologies and services to the Department of Defense. The committee is concerned that the program may not always be executed to most effectively achieve mandated goals. Analysis of this program indicates that in some cases, prote ´ge´firms 
participating in this program had received millions of dollars in federal prime contract awards prior to the establishment of their MentorProte ´ge´agreements, indicating they 
may have possessed sufficient ability to market their goods and services to federal customers without the need for additional developmental assistance. 
We direct the Secretary of Defense to report to the House Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Committee on Armed Services, within 90 days of the enactment of this Act, on changes to program policy and metrics that would ensure the program meets the goal of enhancing the defense supplier base in the most effective and efficient manner. The report shall include recommendations to better direct the developmental assistance to the most appropriate disadvantaged small business concerns, including nontraditional defense contractors currently providing goods or services in the private sector that are most critical to enhancing the capabilities of the defense supplier base and fulfilling key Department needs. The report shall describe how the Department will strengthen the review processes of program investments to ensure activities proposed in developmental plans are necessary for the prote ´ge´’s development, 
prime contract and subcontract awards, and that mentors are obtaining the best value for all reimbursed activities. The report shall also assess alternate models for incentives for participation by mentor companies in the program other than direct reimbursement, and shall detail program metrics that would enable the Department evaluate the program’s return on investment and the actual impact of the development assistance on the prote´ge´’s ability to support DOD needs. We 
recommend that the Secretary ensure that the annual reports generated by the Defense Contract Management Agency are sufficient to be used to evaluate team performance and mentor reimbursement. 
General of the United States, within 1 year of enactment of this Act, report to the House Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Committee on Armed Services, with an assessment of the efficacy of the DOD MentorProte ´ge´pilot program, recommend ways 
program with the Small Business Administration’s MentorProte ´ge´program, and discuss whether the reimbursement mechanism for the DOD MentorProte ´ge´pilot program 
840) that would amend section 15 and section 4 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644 and 633, respectively) to set certification requirements for commercial market representatives and to modify the current certification requirements for procurement center representatives and Business Opportunity Specialists. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. 
844) that would codify a requirement to publish a scorecard on agency achievements regarding contract awards to small businesses and require a Government Accountability Office report on the effectiveness of the scorecard methodology. 
remove the requirement for the establishment and execution of the program before the end of fiscal year 2017. 
845) that would amend section 5 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 634) that would establish an Office of Hearings and Appeals in the Small Business Administration that would review petitions for the revision of small business size standards. 
that would retain the provision addressing the SBA program and the provision governing the use of individual sureties. However, each provision will be subject to a 1 year delay in implementation to allow for the necessary rulemaking. The agreement does not retain the provisions amending the SBA surety bond program, nor does it provide for a study by the Comptroller General. 
greater protection of federal agencies and subcontractors protected by surety bonds, while allowing the SBA more time to document the effects of changes to the surety bond program made by section 1695 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239). 
835) that would require the Secretary of Defense to enter into a contract with an independent entity with appropriate expertise to conduct a review of Department of Defense regulations and practices related to Government access to and use of intellectual property rights of private sector firms. 
322) that would amend section 2505 of title 10, United States Code, to include in the required periodic assessment of defense capability an additional requirement for the Secretary of Defense to also determine the extent to which the requirements associated with defense acquisition programs can be satisfied by the present and projected performance capacities of industries supporting the sectors or capabilities in the assessment and evaluate the reasons for any variance from applicable preceding determinations. 
that would require the review of the number of industry sources and whether requirements could be satisfied by industries not actively supporting the Department of Defense. 
851) that would amend section 139 of title 10, United States Code, by including a new subsection that would require the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation to consider the potential for increases in program cost estimates or delays in schedule estimates in the implementation of policies, procedures, and activities related to operational test and evaluation, and to take appropriate action to ensure that the conduct of operational test and evaluation activities do not unnecessarily impede program schedules or increase program costs. 
that would require that all relevant Department of Defense acquisition, management and oversight agencies consider the potential for increases in program costs or cost estimates or delays resulting from their office’s oversight efforts with regards to defense acquisition. 
857) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics to complete an examination by March 1, 2016, of the decision authority related to acquisition of services and to develop and promulgate guidance to improve capabilities related to services contracts requirements development, source selection, and contract oversight and management. 
858) that would revise section 2222 of title 10, United States Code, to clarify responsibilities for the management of defense business information technology systems. As a result, this section would repeal the current reporting requirement contained in section 2222 of title 10, United States Code, and insert a new annual reporting requirement through the year 2020 on the revised requirements of section 2222. 
The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (section 871). 
would combine the two provisions. The revised section 2222 of title 10, United States Code, streamlines the requirements for development and management of business systems, as well as associated reporting requirements; mandates elements of guidance to be issued by the Secretary of Defense on investments in and acquisition of business systems; clarifies the responsibilities of senior officials in the acquisition and management of business systems; and emphasizes the need for robust business process engineering prior to investment in commercial technology or the modification of commercial systems for use by the Department of Defense. 
860) that would ensure the Secretary of Defense uses best value contracting methods to the maximum extent practicable when procuring an item of personal protective equipment. 
combine the two provisions to ensure that the Department of Defense to the maximum extent practicable uses best value criteria for the procurement of these items. 
towards reducing prices paid by the Department of Defense (DOD) to the exclusion of other factors could result in DOD buying low cost products that have the potential to negatively impact the safety of U.S. military personnel. We believe this could be a particular problem with the quality of personal protective equipment such as combat helmets, body armor, ballistic eye protection, and other similar individual equipment issued to U.S. military personnel. 
that would allow the Department of Defense to approve of industryselected trusted suppliers. 
866) that would require the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council to prescribe a regulation making clear that agency acquisition personnel are permitted and encouraged to 
engage in responsible and constructive exchanges with industry, so long as those exchanges are consistent with existing law and regulation and do not promote an unfair competitive advantage to particular firms. 
870) that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct an assessment of the application of the Open Trusted Technology Provider Standard to Department of Defense procurements for information technology and cyber security acquisitions. 
that would expand on the types of open technology standards to be assessed. 
purpose nondevelopmental items to additional classes of contractors and apply the standards of the Competition in Contracting Act of 1984 (10 U.S.C. 2304) to these contracts. 
that would prohibit the DCAA from providing outside audit support to nonDefense Agencies until DCAA certifies that the backlog for incurred costs is less than 18 months of incurredcost inventory, not require the Secretary of Defense to use outside auditing staff to help address DCAA’s audit backlog, and streamline reporting requirements. 
864) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish values and metrics for the procurement of audit or audit readiness services and review the offeror’s past performance before using a lowest price, technically acceptable evaluation method for the procurement of such services. 
stating that before using the lowest price, technically acceptable evaluation method for the procurement of audit or audit readiness services, the Secretary of Defense should establish the values and metrics for evaluating companies offering audit services, including financial management and audit expertise and experience, personnel qualifications and certifications, past performance, technology, tools, and size. 
We believe that the technical advisors described in the provision include contractors, federally funded research and development centers, universityaffiliated research centers, nonprofit entities, and federal laboratories that provide systems engineering and technical direction, participate in technical evaluations, support preparation of specifications or work statements, or otherwise provide technical advice to acquisition officials on the conduct of defense acquisition programs. We further believe that ‘‘potentially unfair competitive advantage’’ includes unequal access to acquisition officials responsible for award decisions or allocation of resources, or to acquisition information relevant to award decisions or allocation of resources. 
the Secretary to review these definitions, as well as the efficacy of current conflictofinterest policies, the use of nondisclosure 
agreements, the application of appropriate regulations, and decisions to allocate resources through direct award of funds to intramural programs or solesource task orders to entities that provide technical advice on defense programs versus open and competitive extramural solicitations. Based on the results of this review, we expect the Secretary to review and revise guidance to clarify these issues if necessary. 
metrics and processes for collecting and evaluating complaints and concerns relating to examples of the exploitation of unfair competitive advantage by technical advisors. 
847) on the sense of Congress on the treatment of the procurement of fire hoses. 
The House recedes. We note that the chapter 148 process of obtaining a domestic nonavailability determination of certain products, such as fire hoses, could have a significant effect on the ability of Federal agencies to respond to natural disasters or other emergencies. 
that would establish a pilot program to test this authority. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOT 
Sense of Congress on the desired tenets of the 
The House recedes. We note the concern that the incentives of 
the current acquisition system lead to too many defense acquisitions concurrently chasing finite dollars. We are concerned that the Nation often endures weapons delivered late, at too high of a cost, with performance that falls short, and that are difficult and costly to maintain. Furthermore, the conventional acquisition process is not sufficiently agile to support warfighter demands. 
security reasons to maintain technological and military dominance. We are concerned that the current process is so rigid and time consuming that the Department is often unable to effectively tap into the innovation occurring in the commercial marketplace. We note that commercial research and development (R&D) now represents 75 percent of the national total, and global R&D is now more than twice that of the United States. We suggest that removing unnecessary legislative, regulatory, and cultural barriers to new commercial competitions is necessary to create better incentives for and increased access to innovation beyond the Department. We believe these steps are critical for national security in the future, especially in areas such as cyber security, robotics, data analytics, miniaturization, and autonomy. 
Defense currently lacks effective oversight over a contracted services portfolio that has grown in magnitude over the last decade. The military departments and defense agencies have failed to adopt leading private sector best practices in the acquisition and management of commercially available services and information technologies. Departmental leadership has limited insight into the services being acquired and even less awareness of the services that may be needed in the future. 
We believe that the acquisition reform provisions in this bill are a first start in addressing these challenges but it will require all stakeholders in the acquisition system— the Department of Defense, Congress, and industry—to work together to achieve success. Success will be measured by the timely delivery of affordable and effective military equipment and services. We will continue to work for an acquisition system that is more proactive, agile, transparent, and innovative. 
803) that would require the Secretary of Defense to enter into a contract, within 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, with an independent research entity that is a notforprofit entity or a federally funded research and development center with appropriate expertise and analytical capability to carry out a comprehensive study of factors leading to bid protests. 
funds authorized for the operation of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness until certain conditions are met regarding the Department of Defense’s compliance with the requirement for an inventory of contracts for services. 
The House recedes. We continue to recognize the value of obtaining better visibility over the use of services contracts by defense components and agencies to better understand how contracted services are being used to support Department of Defense missions. We note a distinction between services contracts which are measured in the same manner as staff augmentation contracts of contractor full time equivalents and performancebased services contracts and other services contracts which rely on a high degree of embedded capital equipment and business process reengineering. We direct the Secretary of Defense to examine the approach the Department is taking to comply with section 2330a, United States Code, and determine whether it is or is not producing a product that enhances the oversight of service contracting activities and submit a report explaining the results of that examination to the congressional defense committees no later than March 1, 2016, including efforts to better manage contractor and civilian personnel costs within the Department. We recognize the information technology aspects of the inventory present technical challenges and encourage the Secretary of Defense to investigate and pursue existing Department of Defense and service component information technology systems which could present a timely solution and provide data relevant to strategic workforce planning. To the extent that the Secretary identifies that the process and technology are not producing an oversightenhancing product, we expect the Secretary to propose an alternative method of inventory. 
Requirement for acquisition skills assessment biennial strategic workforce plan 
814) that would amend section 115b of title 10, United States Code, which requires the Secretary of Defense to submit a biennial strategic workforce plan on critical skills and competencies of the civilian employee workforce of the Department of Defense, to include an additional assessment of new or expanded critical skills and competencies needed by the civilian employee workforce to address new acquisition process requirements established by law or policy. 
Modification to requirements relating to determination of contract type for major defense acquisition programs and major systems 
824) that would amend section 2306 of title 10, United States Code, by adding a new subsection, and repealing the requirements in certain subsections of section 818 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364), relating to the modification of Department of Defense regulations. 
The agreement does not include either provision. Requirement that certain ship components be 
Policy regarding solid rocket motors used in tactical missiles 
837) that would require the Secretary of Defense to ensure that every tactical missile program of the Department of Defense that uses solid propellant as the primary propulsion system shall have at least one rocket motor supplier within the national technology and industrial base and would allow the Secretary to waive this requirement in the case of compelling national security reasons. 
The House recedes. We agree on the importance of sustaining 
rocket motor production options to ensure a healthy tactical missile industrial base. 
838) that would amend section 1302 of title 41, United States Code, by adding the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to the Federal Acquisition Regulatory (FAR) Council. 
The House recedes. We believe that the FAR Council should 
work closely with the Small Business Administration to ensure that consistent regulations are issued from both organizations, to the benefit of both Federal agencies and their small business contractors. 
846) that would amend the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. §631 et. seq.) to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for the purchase of construction services; goods purchased to protect Federal employees, members of the Armed Forces, or civilians from bodily harm; and goods or services awarded based on factors other than price and technical responsibility if the contract is awarded using a Small Business Act procurement authority. For all other reverse auctions conducted using a Small Business Act procurement authority, the provision required training of contracting officers, restricted the activities that could be undertaken by thirdparty agents, required honesty in price rankings, and required that revisions to offers be permitted throughout the course of the auction. 
The House recedes. We note that similar language independent 
of the Small Business Act and applicable only to the Department of Defense was adopted as section 824 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). Recognizing that twothirds of reverse auctions are conducted outside of the Department of Defense, we see value in addressing the use of this procurement method in civilian agencies but believe it is premature to place additional restrictions upon the Department until section 824 of last year’s authorization is implemented. Extension of limitation on aggregate annual 
863) that would extend the limitation on the aggregate annual amount available for contract services. 
867) that would require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to develop a plan to strengthen program and project management performance for improving management of IT programs and projects. 
868) that would require that the President of the Defense Acquisition University convene an annual review board to synchronize defense acquisition curricula across the Department of Defense. 
The House recedes. We note that the Defense Acquisition University (DAU) plays an important role in enhancing the quality and innovative capacity of the defense acquisition workforce. DAU training and education will be critical to enable the workforce to better position DOD to access global and commercial technologies and services, as well as to put the tenets of acquisition reform into actual practice. We urge DAU to work with other educational institutions within and outside DOD to leverage a wide array of available expertise and synchronize acquisition educational activities, best practices and curricula. Further, in order to enhance education and training of the acquisition workforce and support effective acquisition reform, we direct DAU to engage with leading educational and research experts on procurement and acquisition issues from both within and outside the Federal Government, including through personal exchanges, joint studies and analyses, and other interactions. 
process for certain solesource contracts for small business concerns 
871) that would repeal the requirement for the simplified justification and approval process established in section 811 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2405; 41 U.S.C. 3304 note). 
to specific foreign procurements by the Department of Defense that result from waivers to the Buy America Act. 
The House bill had no similar provision. The Senate recedes. We note that the Department’s Report to 
Congress on Fiscal Year 2014 Purchases from Foreign Entities identified approximately $5.4 billion in spending on nearly 23,000 purchases for which the restrictions of the Buy America Act are not applicable because they are for items that are manufactured and used outside the United States. 
904) that would express the sense of Congress that the United States Marine Corps, within the Department of the Navy, should remain the Nation’s expeditionary crisis response force and that the Marine Corps should be organized, trained, and equipped in the manner and for such purposes specified in section 5063 of title 10, United States Code. 
901) that would redesignate the Department of the Navy as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. 
Chiefs of Staff review of the Unified Command Plan 
The House recedes. Reorganization and redesignation of Office of 
Family Policy and Office of Community Support for Military Families with Special Needs 
by civilian or contractor personnel to performance by military personnel 
907) that would provide guidelines for the conversion of functions performed by civilian or contractor personnel to performance by military personnel. 
321 of the House bill an additional reporting requirement related to the methodology for making cost comparisons between Department of Defense workforce sectors. 
1001) that would allow the Secretary of Defense to transfer up to $5.0 billion of fiscal year 2016 funds authorized in division A of this Act to unforeseen higher priority needs. 
1001) that would allow the Secretary of Defense to transfer up to $4.5 billion of fiscal year 2016 funds authorized in division A of this Act to unforeseen higher priority needs. 
1003) that would require the Secretary of Defense to coordinate with the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board to establish accounting standards for large and unordinary general property, plant, and equipment items. 
1004) that would require the Department of Defense to develop a report ranking organizations according to their advancement in the achievement of auditable financial statements. 
We note that 2015 marks 10 years implementing audit and financial management improvement efforts under the Department’s Financial Improvement and Audit Readiness (FIAR) plan. We are concerned that recent setbacks could affect the long term goals of the Department. For fiscal year 2014, the Department significantly scaled back its effort to audit the oneyear Statement of Budgetary Activity (SBA) instead of the multi year Statement of Budgetary Resources (SBR) required by the 2014 statutory deadline. In 2015, the Department withdrew its clean opinion on the Marine Corps’ fiscal year 2012 SBA. Despite substantial and unquantified resources being invested in IT systems, personnel, training, and consulting services over the last decade, progress remains limited. 
audit readiness for its full complement of financial statements is fast approaching. Well known and welldocumented material weaknesses that are supposed to be addressed under the FIAR plan remain in place. We look forward to continued discussions with the Department on how these weaknesses will be resolved in time for the full audit of the Department’s fiscal year 2018 financial statements. 
should better understand best practices of private and public sector organizations who have obtained and maintained clean audits, including many who are large, multinational corporations, deal with emergency operations, and work with classified materials and activities. We expect that the implementation of some of these practices, especially the use of organizational incentives to drive change, development of milestones to measure progress towards auditability, and more strategic and rigorous business process re engineering and IT modernization, will support DOD’s efforts to obtain clean audits in a more effective and efficient manner. 
1004) that stated sequestration is an inadequate budgeting tool to address the nation’s deficits and debt and that relief must be accomplished for fiscal year 2016 and 2017. Furthermore relief should include equal defense and nondefense relief and be offset through changes in mandatory and discretionary categories, and revenues. 
that states budget caps imposed by the Budget Control Act of 2011 must be modified or eliminated through a bipartisan legislative agreement. 
that would add the Governments of Kenya and Tanzania to the list of governments eligible to receive support under this authority as well as require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to congressional defense committees on the Department’s planned use of this authority in the future. 
terrorism and transnational organized crime in East Africa warrants increased attention by the Department of Defense. Therefore, we direct the Secretary of Defense to develop and submit not later than December 31, 2015 a plan for building the capacity of the Government of Somalia to combat the threat posed by illicit trafficking. 
1012) that would express a series of findings and a statement of policy on a Plan Central America to address violence, instability, illicit trafficking, and transnational organized crime in the region. 
that would express the Sense of Congress that the United States should, to the extent practicable, prioritize efforts to address the challenges to regional security in Central America. 
1051) that would amend section 1022 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) by expanding the transfer authority provided to the National SeaBased Deterrence Fund from 
the Department of the Navy to the Department of Defense; providing authority to enter into economic order quantity contracts for ballistic missile submarines and other nuclear powered vessels; and providing incremental funding and facilities funding authority. This section further requires the Secretary of the Navy to submit a report on the Fund to the congressional defense committees by March 1, 2016, and annually through the year 2025. 
that would expand the Fund to include the authorization of incremental funding authority, economic order quantity contract authority, advance construction authority, and transfer authority from any Department of Defense appropriation. In addition, the Senate amendment would add the authorization to transfer unobligated fiscal year 2017 funds into the Fund. 
Because the Ohioclass replacement program is scheduled to carry 70 percent of our nation’s strategic weapons and the fiscal investments will make this program one of the 
largest acquisition efforts in the Department of Defense, we believe that the Secretary should have the authority to implement streamlined financial management and acquisition strategies for the program, including appropriate use of incremental funding and economic order quantity authority. We believe that the National SeaBased Deterrence Fund could provide the Secretary with that flexibility, while ensuring that Congress has the correct visibility into the program. To that end, we expect that a budget request for the Fund would be accompanied by information sufficient for Congress to exercise adequate oversight of the Fund and urge the Secretary of Defense to develop a fiscal strategy that supports this strategic investment. 
of procuring the Ohioclass replacement program and providing the oversight necessary for this unique investment, we direct the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees with the fiscal year 2017 budget request that includes the following elements: 
class replacement submarines that will leverage the enhanced procurement authorities provided in the Fund, including allocation, facility, and vendor base considerations; 
elements that have been included in Research, Development, Testing and Evaluation, Navy budget request, including nuclear components and common missile compartment construction efforts, listed by program element title and number with requested funding. 
We look forward to reviewing the Secretary’s report, including options to better support an efficient acquisition strategy that could include coordinating with the Virginia class submarine program, which will 
submarine construction period. According to the Navy, it is likely that these programs will share some common components. The Navy may be able to coordinate component 
procurement across both submarine programs to achieve better efficiency and cost savings. Such coordination might be managed within the normal appropriations accounts, or could be facilitated by providing additional flexibility within the Fund. 
1022) that would extend the authority for reimbursement of expenses for certain Navy mess operations afloat authorized in section 1014 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417), as amended by section 1021 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383), from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2020, and certain technical and clarifying amendments. 
1023) that would limit the obligation and expenditure of funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the retirement, inactivation, or storage of Ticonderoga class cruisers 
The provision would also require the modernization of two Ticonderoga class cruisers 
to begin in fiscal year 2016 only after sufficient materials are available to begin the modernization period. Finally, the modernization period would be limited to 2 years with the ability of the Secretary of the Navy to extend the period for another 6 months. 
that would only prohibit the retirement, preparation for retirement, inactivation, or placement in storage of any Ticonderoga  
class cruisers or Whidbey Island class amphibious ships, except to allow the modernization and upgrades for those ships to continue in accordance with the plan required by section 1026 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
modernization status in fiscal year 2015 and plans to induct two additional cruisers into this status in fiscal year 2016. However, we understand the Navy has not programmed the manpower and operations funding for the 
remaining seven cruisers in the future years defense program (FYDP) beyond fiscal year 2016. We also understand that the FYDP does not support the longterm plan for modernization of these cruisers and dock landing ships beyond fiscal year 2018. 
This is at odds with statements by Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus that he is ‘‘100–percent’’ committed to ensuring the ships are modernized and returned back to sea and similar statements by other administration officials. 
The lack of fiscal support in the fiscal year 
2016 FYDP and previous requests for the early retirement of some of these cruisers has led us to question the administration’s resolve to retain all of these cruisers through the end of their service lives. In order to demonstrate the administration’s commitment to the plan, it is incumbent on the administration to close this gap in force structure statements and fiscal decisions. Continued congressional acceptance of the Navy’s plan will be predicated on the administration’s decision to fully program across the FYDP for manpower, readiness, and modernization for all cruisers and dock landing ships. 
Limitation on the use of funds for removal of 
1024) that would prohibit the removal of ballistic missile capabilities from any of the Ticonderoga class cruisers until the Secretary 
of the Navy certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Navy has obtained the ballistic missile capabilities required by the most recent Navy Force Structure Assessment or determined to upgrade such cruisers with an equal or improved ballistic missile defense capability. 
that adds the following third option to the Secretary of the Navy’s certification—obtaining at least 40 large surface combatants with ballistic missile defense capability. 
143) that would require the Secretary of Defense to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an assessment of the anticipated future demands of the combat logistics force ships of the Navy and the challenges these ships may face when conducting and supporting future naval operations in contested maritime environments. This section would also require the Secretary of Defense to submit the assessment to the congressional defense committees by April 1, 2016. 
1036) that would prohibit the use of funds provided to any department or agency of the United States Government for the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to or within the United States for two years after enactment of the Act. 
that the prohibition would apply to the Department of Defense and would expire on December 31, 2016. 
1037) that would prohibit the use of funds provided to any department or agency of the United States Government to construct or modify the facilities in the United States to house individuals detained at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for two years after enactment of the Act. 
that the prohibition would apply to the Department of Defense and would expire on December 31, 2016. 
1042) that would prohibit the use of funds provided to any department or agency of the United States Government to transfer or release individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to Yemen for a period of two years. 
terminate the prohibition on December 31, 2016 and clarify the list of countries to which a detainee from Guantanamo cannot be transferred. 
1039) that would require the Secretary of Defense to certify that the transfer of any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to a foreign country met certain requirements. 
that would require a comprehensive detention strategy to be provided to the congressional defense committees setting forth the details of such a detention strategy for current and future individuals captured and held pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force pending the end of hostilities. We expect that discussion to include an explanation of the Department’s plan for the disposition of all detainees held at Guantanamo, on a casebycase basis, and the costs associated with each element of that plan. 
1060) that prohibited the use of funds made available to the Department of Defense up until December 31, 2016, to close or abandon the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, relinquish control of Guantanamo Bay to Cuba, or modify the Treaty Between the United States and Cuba signed on May 29, 1934. 
amendment that would make technical modifications and incorporate a requirement for the Secretary of Defense to submit a report regarding the military value of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
clarifying the scope of information requested in the report. 
clarifying that the summary should include a description of any information or discussion about planning for or conducting hostilities against the United States or its allies or partners, or information on the organizational, logistical, or resource needs or activities of any terrorist group. 
clarifying that the report would include information on the dates of release and the dates of confirmation of reengagement for all such individuals. 
The House recedes with an amendment requiring the Department of Defense to provide a onetime report to the appropriate committees that covers the entire period after September 11, 2001. 
1031) that would modify section 127b of title 10, United States Code, to make permanent the authority to make rewards to a person providing information or nonlethal assistance to U.S. Government personnel or government personnel of allied forces participating in a combined operation with U.S. Armed Forces conducted outside the United States against terrorism, or providing such information or assistance that is beneficial to force protection associated with such an operation. 
that would make the authority permanent and incorporate the notification requirement from the Senate provision. 
1031) that would modify section 130f of title 10, United States Code, by striking the exception to the notification requirement for a sensitive military operation executed within the territory of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40). 
that would repeal the exception for sensitive military operations conducted within the territory of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan on December 31, 2017. 
this report, we direct periodic reporting on Afghanistan to the congressional defense committees. 
that would make the limitation on interrogation techniques inapplicable to law enforcement and requires an update to the Army Field Manual no sooner than three years after the date of enactment. We recognize that law enforcement personnel may continue to use authorized noncoercive techniques of interrogation, and that Army Field Manual 2–22.3 is designed to reflect best practices for interrogation to elicit reliable statements. 
1052) that would make changes to excess defense article donations authorized under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. Specifically, the provision would require the establishment of a public website containing information on certain transfers made under the program, establish specific criteria for State program managers to be met before the Defense Logistics Agency may transfer certain types of equipment, and mandate several reviews of program objectives and efficacy, to include training recommendations, 
by a federally funded research and development center, the Comptroller General of the United States, and the Department of Defense. 
include additional requirements on transfer of controlled property, a study on controlled property transfers, the incidence of controlled property that is lost or unaccounted for, and procedures governing the return of controlled property to the Department of Defense. 
1060b) that would amend Section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, to include border security activities as a specific category eligible for the transfer of excess personal property of the Department of Defense. 
The Senate recedes. We note that any controlled equipment, as 
designated in Department of Defense Instruction 4160.28, Volume 2, or any succeeding instruction, transferred to the Department of Homeland Security through the ‘‘1033 program’’ as amended by this section remains the property of the Department of Defense, and this section does not authorize the Department of Homeland Security to transfer controlled DOD equipment to any nonfederal entity. We expect the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security to use memoranda of agreement similar to those used for the transfer of equipment to law enforcement agencies to state the conditions of transfer and compliance, including that noncompliance requires the return of all equipment to DOD. 
1053) that would change section 1712 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
that would sunset the authority on December 31, 2017. 
1055) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to carry out a pilot program or multiple pilot programs related to information and strategic communications capabilities to support the geographic and functional combatant commanders. 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to carry out a series of technology demonstrations, subject to the availability of funds for such purpose or to a prior approval reprogramming, related to information operations and information engagement to support the geographic and functional combatant commanders, with associated notification requirements. 
1056) that would prohibited the obligation of appropriated funds to retire, prepare to retire, transfer or place in stowage any aircraft in Helicopter Sea Squadrons 84 and 85 until the Secretary of the Navy certifies to Congress that the Navy has conducted a costbenefit analysis, identified a replacement capability and deployed the capability. 
We expect the directed costbenefit analysis to include any costsharing arrangements between the combatant commanders, including U.S. Special Operations Command, and the Navy, as well as a long term plan for recapitalization of the deployed capability. 
1057) that limits the Department of Defense’s ability to destroy any antipersonnel landmines (APL) until the Secretary of Defense provides a comprehensive study on the tactical and operational impacts of a ban on APL, a strategy for replacing current APL systems that are compliant with current DOD policy, and a certification that alternative systems will not endanger members of the Armed Forces. The provision provides an exception for landmines certified as unsafe by the Secretary. 
that would remove the required certification and would link the limitation on the obligation or expenditure of funds for the destruction of antipersonnel landmine munitions, with the exception included in the House provision, to the delivery of a new report to be delivered to Congress within 180 days 
conducting an Analysis of Alternatives (AOA) on Area Denial Capability Development to include next generation antipersonnel landmines, and that the AOA is expected to be complete in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016. We expect this AOA to inform the report required in this provision. We further direct the Secretary of Defense to provide the AOA to the congressional defense committees on its completion. 
1061) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide to the congressional committees, not later than 120 days after the enactment of this Act, a report containing summaries of the defense planning guidance and contingency planning guidance developed in accordance with the requirements of such section, and to include those summaries in the annual budget documents submitted to Congress. Additionally, this section would provide a limitation on the obligation or expenditure of 25 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide, for the Office of the Secretary of Defense, until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the first report required by this section. 
that would remove the funding limitation for the Office of the Secretary of Defense. 
Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84) to eliminate a requirement for the Comptroller General to conduct a final review of all projects carried out by the Department of Energy’s 
Office of Environmental Management using American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 Public Law 111–5) funds. 
support the legislative calendar in oddnumbered years, the Comptroller General should still provide the congressional defense committees interim briefings on the SSMP. 
1063) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of U.S. Pacific Command (PACOM), to submit a report to congressional defense committees no later than March 1, 2016 on the Department of Defense’s plans for implementing the geographically distributed force laydown in the area of responsibility of U.S. Pacific Command. 
1064) that would require the Secretary of Defense to contract with an independent research entity to carry out a study of the Department of Defense role in, and process for, the formulation of national security strategy. This study would include several case studies on the role of the Department of Defense in the formulation of previous national security strategies and issues related to the formulation process throughout the history of the United States and a complete review and analysis of the current national security strategy formulation process as it relates to the Department of Defense. 
that would also require the report to include recommendations for the executive and legislative branches on the best practices for enabling the Department of Defense to formulate longterm strategy. We believe the Secretary of Defense should continue to make every effort to recruit, cultivate, and further strategic thinking within the Department. 
1067) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a report to the congressional defense committees addressing the suitability of existing capabilities to detect, identify, and disable remotely piloted aircraft operating within special use and restricted airspace. 
1067) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to submit, not later than February 1, 2016, a report to the congressional defense committees addressing the immediate and critical training and operational needs of the remotely piloted aircraft community. 
Dahlgren Division. The second study would be performed by a federally funded research and development center. The third study would be conducted by a qualified independent, nongovernmental institute, as selected by the Secretary of Defense. 
that would modify the required submission date of the reports to April 1, 2016. 
ownership costs for Navy surface ships, almost 70 percent, is comprised of operating and support costs incurred over the life of a ship. Personnel costs are the largest contributor to operating and support costs incurred over a ship’s life cycle. As such, transitioning from the personnel and workloadintensive ships of the past to optimally crewed ships with reduced workloads has potential to free up resources for the Navy to use in recapitalizing the fleet. However, previous studies have found that reduced and optimal manning initiatives were implemented without complete analysis and may have had detrimental effects on crew training and the material condition of some legacy class ships. In addition, reductions in crew size are frequently offset by increases in shore support and contractor personnel to address shipboard workload. 
Fordclass aircraft carrier, the Littoral Combat Ship and the Zumwalt class destroyer, 
have been designed to leverage technology and optimal manning concepts to reduce the total crew sizes aboard these ships, but the impact of these efforts on reducing total ownership costs have not been fully demonstrated. Therefore, we direct the Comptroller General of the United States to prepare a report to the congressional defense 
committees by July 1, 2016 as to the following elements: 
1. To what extent has the Navy implemented reduced manning initiatives in the surface fleet? 
total manpower requirements, including both shipboard and shorebased, to support optimally manned ships over their life cycle? 
on Navy surface ships resulted in reductions to total ownership costs and to what extent has the Navy realized its projected manpower reductions and cost savings? 
impacted the Navy’s plans to operate and support ship classes in the areas of personnel, training, and maintenance (e.g., training qualification times, contractor support for shipboard maintenance, shipboard system casualties)? 
5. To what extent does the Navy rely on 
technological innovations and design features to enable manning reductions in new ship construction, and to what extent have these reductions been realized after the ships have entered service? 
that would sunset the requirement to submit reports and assessments in the provision 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The House recedes with amendments. We direct the Secretary and the Chairman 
United States and Japan in the Pacific theater during World War II, technical analysis, analysis of force structure impacts, and any other analysis they deem appropriate. Further, in making this assessment, the Secretary should consider the potential geopolitical impact on the United States posture in the Pacific theater associated with a strategy of longterm engagement by United States ground forces. 
We also direct the Secretary and the Chairman to confer with U.S. Pacific Command; the Joint Requirements and Analysis Division and the wargaming resources of the Warfighting Analysis Division of the Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment Directorate of the Joint Staff, augmented as necessary and appropriate from the war colleges of the military departments; the Office of Net Assessment; any appropriate federally funded research and development centers (FFRDCs); and any other organizations or divisions as they deem appropriate. 
‘‘ground forces’’ in this section is inclusive of all U.S. military services, including both the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps. 
1071) that would repeal or revise certain reporting requirements related to military personnel authorities. 
1072) that would repeal or revise Department of Defense reporting requirements relating to readiness. 
1073) that would repeal or revise certain reporting requirements that are overly burdensome, duplicative, or outdated. 
1077) that would repeal or revise certain reporting requirements to include: 
Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261) by striking the annual report on extension and modification of experimental personnel management program for scientific and technical personnel. 
1074) that would amend certain reporting requirements related to nuclear, proliferation, and related matters. This provision would remove an annual report by the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council; remove a biannual reporting requirement on the Proliferation of Security Initiative; remove briefings on dialogue between the United States and the Russian Federation on nuclear arms; and remove a reporting requirement regarding annual updates to an implementation plan for the wholeofgovernment vision prescribed in the National Security Strategy. 
1076) that would repeal or revise certain reporting requirements related to acquisition that are overly burdensome on the Department of Defense, duplicative, or outdated. 
that would retain the section 8305 of title 41, United States Code, report on purchases from foreign entities. 
1078) that would repeal or revise certain miscellaneous reporting requirements for the Department of Defense. 
that would retain the following reports repealed in the House provision: report on regional defense counterterrorism fellowship program, report on airlift requirements, and report on airborne signals intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities. 
that would strike a number of reports repeals from the Senate amendment. 
that would limit the repeal of reports to those reports enacted by a National Defense Authorization Act. The amendment also requires the Department of Defense to provide 
the congressional defense committees a list of all reports still required, the citation for each report, and a draft legislative provision for the repeal of such reports. 
We note the importance and value of reports from the Department of Defense as a key enabler of effective oversight. However, we also note the burden excessive reporting places on the Department and we are eager to strike a balance in the coming years. 
1081) that would make technical and clerical corrections to title 10, United States Code, and various National Defense Authorization Acts. 
1093) that would amend chapter 18 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Defense, upon the request of the Attorney General, to provide assistance in Department of Justice activities related to the enforcement of section 2332f of title 18, United States Code, during situations involving bombings of places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facilities. 
1082) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to establish an executive agent for the oversight and management of alternative compensatory control measures. This section 
would also require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days after the close of each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2020, on the oversight and management of alternative compensatory control measures. 
that would add a requirement that the report required include a brief description of each alternative compensatory control measures program and the number of individuals with access to such program. 
1083) that would repeal the requirement for the Department of the Navy to fund the Ocean Research Advisory Panel. 
The agreement includes this provision. We are aware that the Ocean Research Advisory Panel plays an important role in setting the civilian agenda for ocean research. We encourage the Navy and the Executive Office of the President to engage in discussions with appropriate federal science and technology agencies to ensure the transfer of funding and responsibilities do not impair the Panel’s activities. 
1084) that would amend Chapter 931 of title 10, United States Code, by creating a new 
subsection addressing the readiness of the Civil Reserve Air Fleet (CRAF). Specifically, this new section would codify the importance of the CRAF and the need to provide appropriate levels of commercial airlift augmentation to maintain networks and infrastructure, exercise the system, and interface effectively within the military airlift system. This section also would require the Secretary of Defense to provide, concurrent with the submission of the President’s request, an assessment of the number of block hours necessary to achieve sufficient levels of commercial airlift augmentation, a strategic plan for achieving necessary levels of commercial airlift augmentation, and an explanation of any difference from the previous fiscal year’s assessment. 
that would sunset the report requirement provision in 2 years. 
Suitability and Credentialing Line of Business to ensure adequate oversight and efficient investments are made across the enterprise. 
plan to ensure reciprocity management systems function effectively and securely. The intent is also for agencies to formulate a 
plan to address how an automated and continuous background check for national security personnel will travel with that individual as long as they hold a clearance, regardless of changes in employer and program or contract support. 
Security and Suitability Executive Agents and the Secretary of Defense, to jointly develop a plan to ensure implementation of uniform selfreporting requirements for all personnel who hold a clearance, including contractors. The provision mandates that reported information be shared with those who have a need to know, to ensure that individuals with derogatory information are not allowed to move around the government without the negative information being known. 
under section 9101. This section has not been updated since 2000—before the creation of the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. This revision also includes agencies that are delegated authority by the Security and Suitability Executive Agents and expands the ‘‘covered agency’’ definition to explicitly include contractor background investigators working on behalf of covered agencies. 
when more than one automated system can provide the same information, the most cost effective system to the Federal Government shall be used. 
Bureau of Consular Affairs, American Citizen Services (ACS), release information about in individual’s interaction with law enforcement or intelligence organizations abroad if that individual has contacted ACS for assistance after they have been arrested or has been in contact with intelligence agencies of a foreign country while abroad. 
strengthen the Federal Government’s ability to take action against individuals who falsify background investigation information. 
Office report summarizing the major characteristics of federal critical infrastructure protection access controls, as well as background check and credentialing standards for the protection of critical infrastructure and key resources. 
1085) that would authorize the transfer of surplus firearms to the Civilian Marksmanship Program (CMP). 
amendment that establishes a pilot program limited to .45 caliber handguns and restricts the amount of handguns that can be transferred to the CMP to no more than 10,000 units annually. Additionally, it requires the CMP to provide a report to Congress after the conclusion of the pilot program, obtain a federal firearm license to conduct any and all handgun sales, and adhere to all local, state, and federal laws in respect to handgun sales. 
1086) that would amend section 345 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383) to ease administrative burdens and facilitate noncontentious transfers of aircraft from the Air Reserve Components to the regular component of the Air Force. 
1087) that would reinstate the Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attacks. This provision also provides updated guidance on the membership and duties of that commission. 
1089) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to submit a mine countermeasures master plan to the congressional defense committees along with the annual budget request of each fiscal year from 2018 through 2023. This provision would also require the Secretary of the Navy to submit a onetime report to the congressional defense committees within 1 year of enactment of this Act as to current and future mine countermeasure force structure based on current mine countermeasure capabilities, including an assessment as to whether certain decommissioned ships should be retained in reserve operating status. 
1090) that would express a sense of Congress on the importance of ensuring the safety and security of members of the Armed Forces of the United States overseas pending an ordered evacuation of a United States embassy or consulate and require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to notify and brief appropriate congressional committees as soon as practicable after the initiation of an ordered evacuation. 
We believe that it is critical to ensure the 
1092) that would require the President to designate an existing federal official to serve as the Interagency Hostage Recovery Coordinator responsible coordinating the government’s efforts to secure the release of any United States hostage, chair a fusion cell of appropriate government personnel, and keep informed family members of any hostage. 
The Senate recedes with a clarifying technical amendment that would modify the Coordinator’s duties and scope of authority. 
The Senate amendment contained a provision (section 1086) that expressed a sense of the Senate on the inadvertent transfer of live Bacillus anthracis from Army laboratories, that the Center for Disease Control and Prevention and the Federal Bureau of Investigation should investigate the cause of the transfer and that the Department of Defense should reassess of standards on a regular basis to prevent a reoccurrence. 
that accounts for the number of affected sites that received the live Bacillus anthracis over time. 
to Building 205 in the West Los Angeles Medical Center of the Department in Los Angeles, California, which, according to the Department, is a building that is designated as having an exceptionally high risk of sustaining substantial damage or collapsing during an earthquake; 
living center and mental health facilities of the Department in Long Beach, California, which, according to the Department, are designated as having an exceptionally high risk of sustaining substantial damage or collapsing during an earthquake; 
that would apply this to major medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
1088) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the President and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to develop a strategy for the Department of Defense to counter unconventional warfare threats posed by adversarial state and non state actors. This section would require the Secretary of Defense to submit the strategy to the congressional defense committees within 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
does not place sufficient emphasis on sustainment of weapon systems and would require the Secretary of Defense to assess of the feasibility and advisability of assigning additional functions regarding sustainment, manufacturing, and industrial base policy to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Logistics and Materiel Readiness. 
The Senate recedes. We direct the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees by February 1, 2016, on recommendations concerning the feasibility and advisability of assigning additional functions regarding sustainment, manufacturing, and industrial base policy to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Logistics and Materiel Readiness. 
859) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics to ensure that Department of Defense Instruction 5000.02 and other applicable guidance receive full consideration during preliminary design review for strategic materials requirements over the life cycle of the product. 
Authority to transfer funds to the National Nuclear Security Administration to sustain nuclear weapons modernization and Naval Reactors 
1002) that would provide the Secretary of Defense the authority to transfer up to $150.0 million to the nuclear weapons and naval reactor programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) if the amount authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the weapons activities of the NNSA is less than $8.9 billion (the amount specified for fiscal year 2016 in the report required by section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84)). 
Restrictions on the overhaul and repair of vessels in foreign shipyards 
1021) that would amend section 7310 of title 10, United States Code, to prohibit the Secretary of the Navy from beginning in a shipyard outside the United States or outside a territory of the United States any work that is scheduled to be for a period of more than 6 months for the overhaul, repair, or maintenance of a naval vessel whose homeport is not in the United States or Guam. 
The Senate recedes. We note that weapon systems are increasingly reliant on software and the sustainment of these systems presents new issues and challenges. Weapon systems may 
include proprietary data and unique software that could limit sustainment to a single entity and may result in cost increases and increased risk to operations and readiness. 
private sector and government best practices to inform its software sustainment strategy. Additionally, we encourage the Secretary of Defense to determine if the current definitions and policies regarding software sustainment provides adequate guidance for program managers to ensure software system sustainment planning include assessments of both public and private capabilities, costs, and operational risks. 
1026) that would express the sense of Congress that a technical correction to the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3881) should be enacted in order to expeditiously carry out the intent of such section 3095. 
detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States for emergency or critical medical treatment 
Prohibition on use of funds to transfer or release individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to combat zones 
1038) that would prohibit the use of funds provided to the Department of Defense to transfer individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to combat zones, as defined by IRS code, for a period of two years. 
Submission to Congress of certain documents relating to transfer of individuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar 
1040) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide appropriate congressional committees copies of correspondence within the executive branch concerning the decision to transfer individuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar. 
The House recedes. We note that the House Committee on 
Armed Services and the Department of Defense have reached an agreement regarding documents related to the transfer of individuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar. 
relating to the transfer of certain individuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar 
1041) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide unredacted copies of materials concerning the decision to transfer individuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar. 
The House recedes. We note that the House Committee on 
Armed Services and the Department of Defense have reached an agreement regarding 
documents relating to the transfer of individuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar. 
Army National Guard helicopters as counting against number transferable under exception to limitation on transfer of Army National Guard helicopters 
range of Department of Defense manpower worldwide in decisions on the proper mix of military, civilian, and contractor personnel to accomplish the National Defense Strategy 
leave by certain spouses and children of deployed members of the Armed Forces 
1054) that would require the Secretary of Defense to authorize spaceavailable travel for environmental morale leave by certain unaccompanied spouses and dependent children of deployed members of the Armed Forces. 
The House recedes. We note that that effective June 9, 2015 the 
Department of Defense (DOD) policy on spaceavailable travel for dependents of deployed members was updated to authorize dependents of military members deployed for thirty or more consecutive days to travel spaceavailable on DOD aircraft. 
Limitation on availability of funds for modifying command and control of United States Pacific Fleet 
1058) that would limit the availability of fiscal year 2016 funds to modify command and control relationships to give Fleet Forces Command operational and administrative control of Navy forces assigned to the Pacific Fleet. 
1059) that prohibited the President from closing or abandoning the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and required that the obligations of the United States under Article III of the Treaty Between the United States and Cuba signed on May 29, 1934 are met. 
1060a) that would establish a pilot program that would grant authority to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Federal Aviation Administration. The aim of the Civilian Aviation Asset Military Partnership Pilot Program would be to award competitive grants of no more than $2.5 million for infrastructure or tower improvements and repairs at up to three eligible airports that support military and civilian operations per fiscal year. 
1060c) that would limit the availability of funds authorized to be appropriated for the deactivation of the 440th Airlift Wing until the Secretary of Defense certified the deactivation of the wing would not affect the military readiness of the airborne and special operations units stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. 
The House recedes. We agree to include the Senate provision 
elsewhere in this Act because it would require sufficient certification by the Secretaries and Chiefs of Staff of the Army and the Air Force as to the military readiness of Army airborne and special operations units regarding support from Air Force airlift operations. 
Study and report on role of Department of Defense in formulation of longterm strategy 
1065) that requires the Secretary of Defense to direct the Office of Net Assessment (ONA) to conduct a study on the role of the Department of Defense in the formulation of long term strategy, and to submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the results of the study not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The House recedes. We note our continued support for the 
work of the Office of Net Assessment and applaud senior Department leadership for their engagement with ONA. 
Report on plans for the use of domestic airfields 
The Senate recedes. We direct the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Transportation, to submit to the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that contains an assessment of the plans for airfields 
in the United States that are required to support homeland defense and disaster response missions. The report shall include: 
logistics and resource planning as a result of the reduction of certain capabilities of airfields in the United States that support both military and civilian air operations; and 
authorities between the Commander of the United States Northern Command and the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration that allow for consultation on decisions that impact the capabilities of airfields in the United States that support both military and civilian air operations. 
The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
Armed Forces of United States Naval Forces Central Command and United States Fifth Fleet in Bahrain 
1066) that would require a report on potential threats to members of the Armed Forces of the United States Naval Forces Central Command and the United States Fifth Fleet in Bahrain. 
The House recedes. We direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a report to the Armed Services Committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate, not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, on threats posed to Department of Defense personnel and operations associated with United States military installations in Bahrain. The report should, at a minimum, include an assessment of the current security situation in Bahrain, the safety and security of Department of Defense personnel and dependents, and appropriate measures to mitigate the threat to U.S. operations and personnel including potential alternative facilities should U.S. personnel require temporary relocation. 
Conflict of interest certification for investigations relating to whistleblower retaliation 
The Senate recedes. We expect that the Department of Defense 
and the military services will establish uniform procedures to ensure there are no conflicts of interest for persons investigating whistleblower complaints. 
costs incurred by Secretary of Defense for congressional trips outside the United States 
1091) that would require the Secretary of Defense to determine the cost of transportation provided in the case of a trip taken by a Member, officer, or employee of the Senate or the House of Representatives in carrying out official duties outside the United States and to report that cost not later than 10 days after completion of the trip to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate or the House of Representatives, and to make the information available on the Secretary’s official public website until the expiration of the 4 year period which begins on the final day of the trip involved. 
The House recedes. We support public disclosure of official 
1095) that would amend chapter 1 of title 36, United States Code, to add a new section that would require the President to issue a proclamation each year calling on the people of the United States to observe 2 minutes of silence on Veterans Day in honor of the service and sacrifice of veterans throughout the history of the Nation. 
1096) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to conduct, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a business case analysis of the decision to maintain 10 C–130J aircraft at Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi. 
The House recedes. We recognize that the report provided to 
the committees by the Secretary of the Air Force in April 2015 in response to as required by section 138 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), included information on the business case for maintaining 10 C–130J aircraft at Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi. 
1097) that would express a sense of Congress that the National Guard personnel need to have situational awareness and reliable communications in the event of an emergency, 
terrorist attack, or natural or manmade disaster, and that the current communications and networking systems for the National Guard, including commercial wireless solutions, are interoperable with the systems of civilian first responders. 
The House recedes. We note the importance of National Guard 
personnel having robust situational awareness and reliable communications in the event of a natural or manmade disaster that are interoperable with the systems of civilian first responders. In disaster situations, the National Guard serves as a critical bridge linking military and civilian response capabilities, and thus has the requirement to maintain a broad range of communications equipment. We encourage the National Guard to constantly explore ways to improve and expand its communications and networking capabilities to provide for enhanced performance and resilience in the face of cyber attacks or disruptions, as well as other instances of degradation. 
906) that would express the sense of the Congress that the Secretary of Defense should proceed with the collaborative work with employee representatives on the ‘‘New Beginnings’’ performance management and workforce incentive system and begin implementation of the new system at the earliest possible date. 
The agreement includes the Senate provision with an amendment that would express the sense of the Congress contained in the House provision. 
1101) that would extend by 1 year the discretionary authority of the head of a federal agency to provide allowances, benefits, and gratuities comparable to those provided to members of the Foreign Service to an agency’s civilian employees on official duty in a combat zone. 
1104) that would modify section 1107 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) to allow for the noncompetitive conversion of students that have graduated from an applicable institution of higher learning to a permanent appointee. In addition, the House provision would change the percentages of the work force that would be eligible for certain direct hiring authorities. 
The agreement contains the Senate provision with a technical amendment. 
new employees of the Department of Defense (DOD), we expect the Secretary of Defense to ensure that supervisors optimize the additional probationary time by educating supervisors on the importance of tracking when an individual’s probationary period is ending and directing the supervisor to make an affirmative decision or otherwise take appropriate action. The Secretary should take steps to ensure DOD supervisors are aware of the range of tools and guidance available through the Office of Personnel Management, including online and inperson training and guidebooks. We note that the probationary period extension will be beneficial only if an agency has effective performance management practices in place and uses the extra time for the purpose intended. We expect the Secretary of Defense to assess the adequacy of leadership training provided to supervisors in DOD components and Defense agencies in order to ensure supervisors obtain the skills needed to effectively conduct performance management responsibilities. 
that Congress provided in 2014 for the cyber workforce at the Department of Homeland Security. The provision also would require the Secretary of Defense to provide a plan to Congress on implementation of these authorities. 
clarifying amendments, including an amendment that would delay the effective date of the authority granted under this section until 30 days after receipt of an implementation plan submitted by the Secretary of Defense to the congressional defense committees. 
1105) that would authorize the head of an executive agency to waive limitation on the aggregate of basic and premium pay payable through calendar year 2016 to an employee who performs work in an overseas location that is in the area of responsibility of the Commander, U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM), or a location that was formerly in the CENTCOM but has been moved to an area of responsibility of the Commander, U.S. Africa Command, in support of a contingency operation or an operation in response to a declared emergency. The amount payable may not exceed the total annual compensation payable to the Vice President under section 104 of title 3, United States Code. 
The agreement contains the Senate provision with the inclusion of a few technical clarifying amendments. 
We believe that the ability of the Department of Defense laboratories to be flexible in both hiring and shaping their workforce is critical to maintaining a worldclass research workforce that can adapt over time to new and emerging areas of technical need. The Senate and House Armed Services Committees, in coordination with the Oversight and Government Reform Committee of the House of Representatives and the Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee of the Senate, have been active in modifying and seeking new authorities to make the Defense laboratories agile and attractive places for civilian researchers and engineers. 
We believe that taking stock of the authorities granted over the past 10 years and understanding their effects on attracting, recruiting and retaining a skilled workforce are important. Therefore, we direct the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in coordination with the military departments and laboratory directors, to brief the Committees on Armed 
Services of the Senate and House of Representatives, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee of the House of Representatives and the Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee of the Senate no later than 90 days of the enactment of this Act. This briefing should include how the military departments, the laboratories, and the Office of the Secretary of Defense are using these authorities, metrics for understanding the effectiveness of these authorities, and any recommendations for legislative or regulatory action to improve the functioning of these authorities. 
that would make the authority permissive rather than mandatory and would modify the terms and conditions of participation in the pilot program by the privatesector employees. 
We believe that any exchange of government personnel with industry designed to improve skills and knowledge of finance and acquisition should be with those types of firms that do not traditionally do business with the Department of Defense and as such may offer different business management approaches to address similar problems. These firms also do not pose the same potential conflict of interest concerns that any exchange with a traditional defense contractor would pose. 
The House recedes. We direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a report to the congressional defense committees on the use of this authority no later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Act. 
1102) that would grant the Secretary of Defense the authority to provide additional allowances and benefits for Defense Clandestine Service employees. 
Preference eligibility for members of reserve components of the Armed Forces appointed to competitive service; clarification of appeal rights 
1105) that would create a hiring preference for certain members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces for the competitive service and would clarify the appeals rights of individuals hired under section 3330a of title 5, United States Code. 
1201) that would amend section 1234 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181), as most recently amended by section 1223 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), by authorizing the Secretary of Defense to provide supplies, services, transportation, and other logistical support to coalition forces supporting U.S. operations in Iraq and Afghanistan during fiscal year 2016. 
1202) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to develop a strategic framework for Department of Defense security cooperation to guide prioritization of resources and activities. This section would also require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to submit a report on the strategic framework for security cooperation to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act. 
that would make clarifying changes and require the Secretary of Defense to submit the required report not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act. 
1203) that would amend section 1205 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) by modifying and extending the authorization for the National Guard State Partnership Program (SPP) by 2 years, would require the Chief of the National Guard Bureau to establish and submit a list of core competencies to support SPP activities to the Secretary of Defense for approval, and would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a fund to administer and execute the funds authorized and appropriated for SPP. 
that would make clarifying changes, would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a legislative proposal if it is found to be advisable and feasible to establish a central fund for the program, and would extend the underlying authority for the program for 5 years. 
be useful to establish a list of core competencies of the National Guard to be used to better educate security assistance officers and countries participating in the State Partnership Program about the capabilities that can be brought to bear by the Guard. The Secretary should inform the Armed Services Committees of the House of Representative and the Senate if such a step is considered to be useful. 
that would extend the authority through December 31, 2021. 
1205) that would allow up to 5 percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated by this act for sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code be used to conduct monitoring and evaluation of these programs. 
We further note that the briefing shall include a description of how the Department of Defense evaluates program and project outcomes and impact, including cost effectiveness and extent to which programs meet designated goals. 
The House recedes. We note that, in this section, the term allied country’ has the meaning given to that term in section 2350c of title 10, United States Code. 
The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec 1206) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to provide intelligence training to foreign military intelligence units to increase partner capacity. 
that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence to provide semiannual reports to the congressional defense committees on the military intelligence training performed by Department of Defense of foreign military intelligence personnel and the authorities under which such activities are conducted. 
We believe that the current matrix of capacity building authorities may not sufficiently cover sustained intelligence training for foreign military forces for purposes other than counterterrorism operations and stability operations with whom the United States partners or may need to partner in 
the future. Based on the reports and any potential gaps in authorities, we will evaluate whether further authorities should be included in the 2017 authorizing legislation. 
The House recedes with an amendment requiring the Secretary of Defense to submit a notification to certain congressional committees should the national security exception be exercised. 
1211) that would amend section 1201 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81), as most recently amended by section 1221 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), by extending for 1 year the Commanders’ Emergency Response Program (CERP) in Afghanistan and authorizing $5.0 million for fiscal year 2016. 
that would limit amounts available during Fiscal Year 2016 to not exceed $5.0 million, require the Secretary of Defense to submit revised guidance to take into account the modifications to CERP made by this provision and would allow the Secretary to begin payments to redress injury and loss in Iraq 30 days after the submission of a report related to the conditions for which payment would be made and the manner in which claims for payments shall be verified. 
1212) that would extend the authority for reimbursement of coalition nations for support provided to the U.S. for military operations in Afghanistan through fiscal year 2016 and would authorize $1.3 billion. Of the $1.0 billion in reimbursement authorized for Pakistan during fiscal year 2016, $400.0 million would not be eligible for a waiver unless the Secretary of Defense certifies that Pakistan is conducting military operations against the Haqqani Network and is actively coordinating with the Government of Afghanistan to restrict the movement of militants along the AfghanistanPakistan border. 
Pakistan to $900.0 million. Of the $900.0 million, $350.0 million would not be eligible for a waiver unless the Secretary of Defense certifies that Pakistan has met certain conditions. An additional $100.0 million of CSF would be made available for Pakistan for direct assistance for a pilot program for stability activities undertaken in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, including the provision of funds to the Pakistan military and the Pakistan Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. 
operations undertaken by the Pakistan Military in the Federally Administered Tribal Area but note the need for further action against terrorist organizations such as the Haqqani Network. 
1213) that would state the sense of Congress that the President’s decision to maintain 9,800 U.S. troops through 2015 is appropriate, that the President should withdraw U.S. troops only on a pace that is consistent with the ability of the Afghan National Security Forces to sustain itself and secure Afghanistan, and that the U.S. President should review maintaining the U.S. advisory mission beyond 2016. 
that adds an assessment of risks associated with the drawdown of U.S. forces to the semiannual report required by section 1225 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
1214) that would extend section 801 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84), as most recently amended by section 832 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66), through December 31, 2016, for limiting competition for products or services that are from one or more countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan or providing a preference for such a product or service, under certain circumstances. 
1215) that would extend section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239), as amended by section 1231 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), for 1 year and would extend the quarterly reporting requirement through March 31, 2017. This section would authorize that, during fiscal years 2015–16, the excess defense articles transferred from the stocks of the Department of Defense to the military and security forces of Afghanistan will not be subject to the authorities and limitations 
in section 561 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (Public Law 87–195). 
1216) that would express the sense of Congress that it is in the interest of the United States to continue to assist Afghan partners, and their immediate families, who have served as translators or interpreters and those who have performed sensitive and trusted activities for U.S. Armed Forces. 
1221) that would extend the authority for the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq (OSC– I) for 1 year. This authority would allow the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to authorize OSC– I to conduct training activities in support of the Iraqi Ministry of Defense and Counter Terrorism Service personnel at a base or facility of the Government of Iraq. This section would limit the total authorized funding for operations and activities for OSC–I to $143.0 million in fiscal year 2016 and would require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to submit a report assessing how OSC–I integrates into Operation Inherent Resolve in Iraq. 
1222) that would express a sense of Congress on U.S. strategy in the Middle East and would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a comprehensive strategy for the Middle East. 
that would require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State, not later than February 15, 2016, to jointly submit to certain congressional committees a strategy for the Middle East and to counter violent extremism. 
1223) that would authorize $715.0 million in fiscal year 2016 for assistance to the military and security forces associated with the Government of Iraq, of which not less than 25 
percent of such funds would be obligated to such groups as Kurdish and tribal security forces with a national security mission. This section would require an assessment by the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State of the conditions of the Government of Iraq relating to political inclusiveness, minority integration, and efforts to address grievances of ethnic and sectarian minorities. If the assessment is not submitted or Iraq has not substantially achieved the conditions contained in the assessment, the Secretaries would be required to withhold the provision of assistance pursuant to the ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Authority’’ under section 1236 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) and 60 percent of such assistance would go directly to certain groups. 
necessary to safeguard against such assistance being transferred to, or acquired by violent extremist organizations, including designated Foreign Terrorist Organizations (FTOs) or an organization that is known to be under the command and control of, or is associated with the Government of Iran. 
1224) that would express the sense of the Congress that Operation Inherent Resolve and the force protection and combat search and rescue requirements be continuously evaluated, and would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the U.S. Armed Forces deployed in support of OIR. 
that would require a report to the congressional defense committees, not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 90 days thereafter, on United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. 
1225) that would require a strategy and authorize $600.0 million for the overall Syria Train and Equip program, which includes $531.5 million for the Syria Train and Equip Fund, $25.8 million for costs that would be incurred by the Army for such program, and $42.8 million for costs that would be incurred by the Air Force for such program. 
1226) that would authorize $300.0 million in assistance on a reimbursement basis to enhance and support the efforts of Jordan’s Armed Forces to sustain security along its border with Syria and Iraq. 
that would make available to Jordan and Lebanon funds not to exceed $150.0 million for each country in any 1 fiscal year for reimbursement from amounts authorized pursuant to section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2008 (P.L. 110–181) and section 1534 of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2015 (P.L. 113–291), the Counterterrorism Partnership Fund, and would make other clarifying modifications. Sense of Congress on the security and protection 
1231) that would extend the annual report on the military power of Iran to December 31, 2025, and add a reporting requirement that provides an assessment of transfers of military equipment, technology, and training to Iran from nonIranian sources. 
that would create an additional element of the underlying report to require information on Iran’s cyber capabilities. 
1232) that would express the sense of the Congress that Iran’s illicit pursuit, development, or acquisition of a nuclear weapons capability and its malign military activities constitute a grave threat to regional stability and the national security interests of the U.S. and its allies. 
that would expresses the sense of Congress that Iran continues to conduct malign activities and sponsorship of terrorism, and that the United States should continue to enhance the region’s security architecture, build partner capacity to respond to external aggression, and increase interoperability with regional security forces. 
1234) that would restrict the Secretary of Defense from authorizing any militarytomilitary exchange or contact by the Armed Forces or Department of Defense civilians with Iran with certain exceptions. 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to certain congressional committees on militarytomilitary engagements with Iran. 
1235) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide the appropriate congressional committees a copy of any security agreement by the U.S. to any country in the Middle East associated with Iran’s nuclear weapons program. 
that would require the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State to submit a report to certain congressional committees that summarizes any agreement on security commitments by the United States to any country in the Middle East in effect as of 15 days 
prior to the submittal of the report. Additionally, this section would require the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to provide the Secretary of Defense with an analysis of the United States military force structure and posture required to meet any current agreement that provides security commitments in the Middle East. 
1236) that states that nothing in this Act shall be construed as authorizing the use of force against Iran. 
1241) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the appropriate committees of Congress quarterly notifications and updates relating to testing, production, deployment, sale or transfer to other states or nonstate actors of the ClubK cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. This provision would also require the Secretary of Defense to notify the congressional defense committees no later than 7 days after the Secretary determines that there is reasonable belief that Russia has deployed, sold, or transferred the ClubK cruise missile system to other states or nonstate actors. Additionally, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff is required to develop a strategy to detect, defend against and defeat the ClubK cruise missile system, and will submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the strategy no later than September 30, 2016. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment requiring the Secretary of Defense to notify the appropriate committees of Congress not later than 7 days after the Secretary determines there is reasonable grounds to believe the Russian Federation has tested, initially deployed, or sold or transferred to another state or nonstate actor the ClubK cruise missile system. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall include options for responding to the ClubK cruise missile threat in current military planning. The reporting requirement contained in the House provision is carried in another section of the Act. 
1242) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the appropriate congressional committees quarterly notifications on the status of the Russian Federation conducting exercises with, planning or preparing to deploy, or deploying certain weapons systems, onto the territory of the Ukrainian Republic. This provision would also require prompt notification, no more than seven days, after the Secretary of Defense determines that there exists reasonable grounds to believe that Russia has deployed certain weapon systems onto the territory of Ukraine. Further, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the congressional defense committees, no later than June 30, 2016, a strategy to respond to the military threat posed by the Russian Federation deploying covered weapons systems onto the territory of the Ukraine Republic. 
that would expand the notification to include the deployment of covered weapon systems into the Russian territory of 
Kaliningrad, and would require the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to include in current planning options for responding to the military threat posed by the Russian Federation deploying covered weapons into the territory of Ukraine and Kaliningrad, including opportunities for allied cooperation. The agreement also addresses the requirement to report on the status of exercises with, planning or preparing to deploy, or deploying certain weapons systems, onto the territory of the Ukrainian Republic in another section of this Act, and includes reporting on deployment of such weapons systems in the Russian territory of Kaliningrad in that section. The provision would terminate after 5 years. 
1243) that would require the President to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a notification of whether the Russian Federation has flighttested, deployed, or possessed a military system that has achieved an initial operation capability of a covered missile system, and whether the Russian Federation has begun steps to return to full compliance with the IntermediateRange Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, including by agreeing to inspections and verification measures necessary to achieve high confidence that any covered missile system will be eliminated, as required by the INF Treaty upon its entry into force. 
a report on any meetings of the Open Skies Consultative Commission during the prior year is delivered to Congress to the appropriate committees. 
that would combine the three similar provisions and limit the availability of funds made available for fiscal year 2016 for arms control implementation (PE 0305145F) to not more than 75 percent until the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, submits a report to Congress describing any meetings of the Open Skies Consultative Commission during the prior year, a description of any agreements entered into during such meetings, and a description of future year proposals for modification to aircraft sensors that will be subject to the Open Skies Treaty. 
1247) that would prohibit funds authorized to be appropriated or made available by this Act through fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense to implement any action or policy that recognizes the de facto sovereignty of Russia over Crimea, or any country whose central government has taken steps to recognize or support Russia’s illegal occupation of Crimea. The provision included a waiver if the Secretary of Defense certifies and reports that doing so would be in the national security interest of the United States. 
1248) that would prohibit funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 to be used for bilateral militarytomilitary contact or cooperation between the United States and the Russian Federation without certain certifications by the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, or unless certain waiver conditions are met. 
1249) that would limit all authorized funds that would be used for implementation of the 
New START Treaty until the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the armed forces of the Russian Federation are no longer illegally occupying Ukrainian territory; the Russian Federation is respecting the sovereignty of all Ukrainian territory; the Russian Federation is no longer taking actions that are inconsistent with the INF Treaty; the Russian Federation is in compliance with the Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE) Treaty and has lifted its suspension of Russian observance of its treaty obligations; and there have been no inconsistencies by the Russian Federation with the New START Treaty requirements. 
that would create an additional element to require a description of the testing, production, deployment, and sale or transfer of the ClubK cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. 
for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, not later than 180 days after date of the enactment of this Act and in consultation with 
the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to 
provide an interim brief to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the initial findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the independent assessment required by this section. 
1532) that would authorize $200.0 million for the Secretary of Defense, in concurrence with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance and sustainment to the military and national security forces of Ukraine. This assistance would include the explicit authority to provide lethal weapons of a defensive nature to the security forces of Ukraine. 
that would require $50.0 million of the funds authorized to be available only for lethal assistance and counterartillery radars unless the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, certifies that use of such funds for lethal assistance is not in the U.S. national security interest. If the certification is made, such funds could be used for assistance or support to Partnership for Peace (PfP) nations, or for exercises and training for the security forces of PfP nations or the Government of Ukraine to assist in preserving their sovereignty and territorial integrity against Russian aggression. 
support to the Government of Ukraine in defending itself against actions by Russia and Russianbacked separatists that continue to violate ceasefire agreements. We note the success of current training of Ukrainian security forces by U.S. forces and encourage expansion of such training efforts as provided for in this section. We further note the growing threat to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of other nations in the region and stress the importance of assisting such nations in developing the capability to defend against Russian aggression. 
clarifying amendment that further refines the types of training authorized under this section to training provided in the course of the conduct of a multilateral exercise in which the U.S. Armed Forces are a participant and that is comparable to or complementary of training the U.S. Armed Forces receive in the course of such multilateral exercises. Training authorized under this section would be for certain specified purposes, including enhancing the interoperability of the trained forces to be able to participate in NATO or coalition operations, or to increase the capacity of those forces to respond to external threats or hybrid warfare. SUBTITLE F —MATTERS RELATING TO THE ASIA  
1253) that would require the President to develop an overall strategy to promote U.S. interests in the IndoAsiaPacific region and to provide policy directives and priority goals to relevant U.S. Government departments and agencies. 
that would delay the date the strategy is due to March 1, 2017. 
1262) that would express the sense of the Congress to reaffirm the importance of the rebalance to the AsiaPacific region. In order to maintain the credibility of the U.S. policy to rebalance towards the IndoAsiaPacific theater, we believe it is vital that the United States continue to shift forces to the region to strengthen the ability of the United States Armed Forces to project power to shape the choices of regional states. Any reduction or failure to adequately resource U.S. force structure in the U.S. Pacific Command would diminish the rebalance policy. 
We note the 70th Anniversary of the end of 
Allied military engagement in the Pacific theater, marking the end of the Second World War and join with a grateful nation in expressing respect and appreciation to the members of the U.S. Armed Forces who served in the Pacific theater during the Second World War. 
for the IndoAsiaPacific region must include continued engagement with allies and partners in the region. 
the Government of Japan as a cornerstone of peace and security in the region. The United States welcomes Japan’s decision to contribute more proactively to regional and global peace and security. Furthermore, we note that the Senkaku Islands are under the administrative control of Japan. We oppose any unilateral actions by a third party that would seek to undermine such administration, and remain committed under the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security to respond to any armed attack in the territories under the administration of Japan. Finally, we acknowledge the significant and unprecedented financial contributions the Government of Japan has made to facilitate U.S. military access in both Japan and Guam. 
United States and the Republic of Korea has served as an anchor for stability, security, and prosperity on the Korean Peninsula, in the AsiaPacific region, and around the world. The United States and the Republic of Korea should continue further cooperation by strengthening the combined defense posture on the Korean Peninsula and enhancing mutual security based on the Republic of KoreaUnited States Mutual Defense Treaty. We support the vision of a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons, free from the fear of war, and peacefully reunited on the basis of democratic and free market principles. Finally, we acknowledge the significant financial contributions the Republic of Korea has made to facilitate U.S. military access on the Korean Peninsula. We note that United States has an upgraded, strategicplus relationship with India based on regional cooperation, space science cooperation, and defense cooperation. We believe that the defense relationship between the United States and the Republic of India is strengthened by the common commitment of both countries to liberal democracy should continue to expand. Further, we welcome the role of the Republic of India in providing security and stability in the IndoPacific region and beyond, and we support the implementation of the United StatesIndia Defense Framework Agreement and the India Defense Trade and Technology Initiative (DTTI). 
1256) that would express the sense of Congress that a decision by the Government of Japan to purchase Aegis Ashore for its self defense could create a significant opportunity for promoting interoperability and integration of air and missile defense capability with close allies, could provide for force multiplication benefits, and could potentially alleviate force posture requirements on multimission assets. This provision would also require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the appropriate congressional committees, a copy of the Department of Defense policy regarding foreign disclosure or technology release of Aegis Ashore capability to allies, including Japan, that possess seabased Aegis weapons system equipped naval vessels. 
that would remove the references to other allies and would edit the title of the provision to directly reference the Government of Japan. 
that would authorize $50.0 million from amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 only and, if the Secretary uses these funds to provide assistance and training under this authority during the first half year of fiscal year 2016, the Secretary must submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the account or accounts that were used to provide the funds. The authority to provide assistance and training cannot be exercised after September 30, 2020. We expect the Department to request additional funding for the South China Sea Initiative in fiscal years 2017 through 2020 as part of the annual budget request. 
1261) that would extend, for 1 year, the authority of the Department of Defense to continue to develop, manage, and execute a Non Conventional Assisted Recovery (NAR) personnel recovery program for isolated Department of Defense (DOD), U.S. Government, and other designated personnel supporting U.S. national interests worldwide. This section would allow the Secretary of Defense to use up to $25.0 million in funds authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance for such recovery programs through fiscal year 2017. 
primary civilian within DOD with programmatic and policy oversight responsibilities for such activities. 
that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to use up to $25.0 million in funds authorized for operation and maintenance for NAR. 
We note that the agreement would designate the ASD SOLIC as the primary civilian within DOD with programmatic and policy oversight responsibilities for such activities. Given the sensitive nature of NAR activities, including the authorized use of irregular forces, groups, and individuals, the committee believes that ASD SOLIC is the most appropriate civilian office within the Department to exercise oversight of such activities and associated policies. 
1264) that would extend the authority to conduct activities to enhance the capability of foreign countries to respond to incidents involving weapons of mass destruction from section 1204 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 11366) through September 30, 2020. 
that would extend the authority through September 30, 2019. 
would amend the authority for support of special operations to combat terrorism contained in section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375), as amended, by increasing the annual cap on the authority from $75.0 million to $100.0 million. 
that would increase the annual cap on the authority from $75.0 million to $85.0 million and would require the Secretary of Defense to notify the congressional defense committees not later than 15days prior to initiating the authority. 
We direct the Secretary of Defense to notify the congressional defense committees of funding changes to Section 1208 programs when such a proposed increase exceeds 20 percent of the current approved total for that particular program or $500,000, whichever amount is less. 
1270) that would limit the Department of Defense’s ability to implement the Arms Trade Treaty while also permitting the Department to assist foreign governments in bringing their laws and regulations to a level equal to that of the United States. 
We note that a substantively identical provision was included in the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
1271) that would require, not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State to jointly submit an assessment of the military capability of Cyprus to defend against threats to its national security. 
1280) that would express the sense of the Congress that the U.S. should continue to work with aspirant countries for entry into the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and work with NATO members to identify current and future security threats as well as ensuring sufficient funding is obligated to meet NATO responsibilities. 
that expresses the sense of Congress that the United States should continue NATO’s open door policy for nations that share Alliance values, are willing to assume the responsibilities and obligations of membership, and are in a position to contribute to the security of 
the North Atlantic area, as well as encouraging continued work with aspirant countries to prepare for entry into NATO. 
Briefing on the sale of certain fighter aircraft to 
that would require a briefing to certain congressional committees on the risks and benefits of the sale of fighter aircraft to Qatar. 
1267) that would establish a cooperative research and development program with Israel to develop antitunneling defense capabilities to detect, map, and neutralize underground tunnels. 
that requires the Secretary of Defense to designate an appropriate research and development entity of a military department as the lead agency of the Department of Defense to carry out this section, establishes an annual limit on the amount that can be provided, and requires matching contributions from the Government of Israel. 
that would extend, for 5 years, the authority for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Special Operations Headquarters. 
1274) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on the impact of any significant reduction in United States troop levels or materiel in Europe on the North Atlantic Treaty Organization’s ability 
threats, not later than 30 days prior to the date of such reduction. 
that would create an additional element of the report required by this section to assess the impact of any significant reduction in U.S. troop levels or material in Europe on U.S. national security interests in Europe. 
Report on efforts to engage United States manufacturers in procurement opportunities related to equipping the Afghan National Security Forces 
1217) that would require, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to submit a report on efforts of the Secretaries to engage United States manufacturers in procurement opportunities related to equipping the Afghan National Security Forces. 
The House recedes. We direct the Secretary of Defense, with 
the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide a report to the congressional defense committees, within 180 days of the enactment of this Act, on efforts of the Secretaries to engage United States manufacturers and service providers in procurement and service provision opportunities related to equipping and supporting the Afghan National Defense Security Forces. 
Report on access to financial records of the Government of Afghanistan to audit the use of funds for assistance for Afghanistan 
1218) that would require the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) to submit to Congress, not later than December 31, 2016, a report on the extent to which the Office of SIGAR has adequate access to financial records of the Government of Afghanistan to audit the use of funds authorized by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016. 
The House recedes. We direct the Lead Inspector General for 
Operation Freedom’s Sentinel to brief the congressional defense committees on the extent to which the Inspector General has access to financial records of the Government of Afghanistan to audit the use of funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
1219) that would express the sense of Congress that Dr. Shakil Afridi, a Pakistani physician who helped the United States locate Osama bin Laden, is an international hero and that the Government of Pakistan should release him immediately from prison. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. 
efforts to locate Osama bin Laden, remain concerned about Dr. Afridi’s continuing incarceration, and urge the Government of Pakistan to release him immediately. 
State of Iraq and the Levant and other foreign terrorist organizations 
The Senate recedes. We are concerned with the lines of communication that enable the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and other terrorist organizations in Syria and Iraq and urge the administration to address such lines of communication in its campaign strategy. 
1227) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to Congress, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, on: Turkey’s bilateral and multilateral efforts to combat the flow of foreign fighters through its country to Syria; relationship with Hamas, including its harboring of leaders of Hamas; and efforts to fight terrorism, including its military and humanitarian role in the coalition to combat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 
The House recedes. We note the requirement for an assessment 
of efforts to combat the flow of foreign fighters to and from Syria and Iraq is included in another provision of this Act. 
and requirements for the establishment of safe zones or a nofly zone in Syria 
1228) that would require, no later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to submit a report that would assesses the potential effectiveness, risks, and operational requirements of the establishment and maintenance of a nofly zone over part or all of Syria, as well as such effectiveness, risks, and operational requirements for internally displaced people or for the facilitation of humanitarian assistance. 
Report on military posture required in the Middle East to deter Iran from developing a nuclear weapon 
1233) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to Congress, not later than 90 days after this Act, regarding 
the military posture required in the Middle East to deter Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. 
The House recedes. We direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing not later than 120 days after the enactment of this Act to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the U.S. force posture required to protect U.S. national interests and deter Iranian aggression in the Middle East. 
Sense of Congress on support for Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania 
1245) that would express the sense of Congress on U.S. support for Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, including support for their sovereignty, concern over aggressive military actions of the Russian Federation against these nations, and encouragement for further defense cooperation between the United States and these nations. 
The House recedes. We note Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and 
Georgia are highly valued allies and friends of the United States that have repeatedly demonstrated commitment to advancing our mutual interests and those of NATO. We reaffirm United States support for the sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity along internationally recognized borders of these nations and express concern over increasingly aggressive military maneuvering by Russia near or within their borders or airspace. We also emphasize our support for the U.S. policy of not recognizing the Russiaoccupied regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia as independent states. Additionally, we encourage the Administration to further enhance defensive security cooperation with these valued security allies and partners and support the efforts of their respective governments to provide for the defense of their people and sovereign territory. 
1246) that would express the sense of Congress on U.S. support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity as well as support for continued cooperation between the United States and Georgia. 
The House recedes. We note the continued support for a North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization Membership Action Plan for Georgia is included in another provision of this Act and concerns regarding Russian aggression against the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia appear elsewhere in this report. 
Sense of Congress recognizing the 70th anniversary of the end of Allied military engagement in the Pacific theater 
1251) that would express the sense of the Congress to remember and honor those Americans who made the ultimate sacrifice and gave their lives for their country during the campaigns in the Pacific theater during the Second World War. 
1252) that would express the sense of Congress regarding the progress to fulfill the April 27, 2012 agreement of the United StatesJapan Security Consultative Committee on the realignment of U.S. facilitates in Okinawa, Japan. 
The House recedes. We note the significant progress that has 
been made towards implementing the Okinawa Consolidation Plan, to include the approval of the landfill permit on December 27, 2013, which cleared the way for the construction of the Futenma Replacement Facility. We encourage continued progress towards implementation of the ‘‘2+2 agreement,’’ as restated in the April 27, 2015 Joint Statement, which is critical to the bilateral security interests of the United States and Japan. 
1254) that would express the sense of Congress on the U.S. alliance with Japan, including that the United States highly values the alliance with the Government of Japan, supports recent changes in Japanese defense policy and the new bilateral guidelines for U.S.Japan defense cooperation, and reaffirms the U.S. commitment to the alliance. 
The House recedes. We note the matters addressed in the 
the United States alliance with the Republic of Korea 
1255) that would express the sense of Congress on opportunities to deepen and broaden the scope of alliance cooperation between the United States and the Republic of Korea based on the alliance’s role as an anchor for stability, security, and prosperity on the Korean Peninsula, AsiaPacific region, and around the world. 
The House recedes. We note the matters addressed in the 
Requirement to invite the military forces of Taiwan to participate in RIMPAC exercises 
1257) requiring the Secretary of Defense to invite the military forces of Taiwan to participate in the Rim of the Pacific Exercise if the Secretary has invited the military forces of the People’s Republic of China to participate in such maritime exercise. 
The House recedes. We note the matters addressed in the 
The Senate recedes. We note the matters addressed in the Senate provision are addressed elsewhere in the agreement. 
1257) that would require the Secretary of Defense to invite the military forces of Taiwan to participate in the Rim of the Pacific Exercise if the Secretary has invited the military forces of the People’s Republic of China. 
We believe that the United States, in accordance with the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8), should continue to make available to Taiwan such defense articles and services as may be necessary to enable Taiwan to maintain a sufficient selfdefense. The United States should continue to support the efforts of Taiwan to integrate innovative and asymmetric capabilities to balance the growing military capabilities of the People’s Republic of China, including fastattack craft, coastaldefense cruise missiles, rapidrunway repair systems, offensive mines, and submarines optimized for defense of the Taiwan straits. With regards to training, we believe the military forces of Taiwan should be permitted to participate in bilateral training activities hosted by the United States that increase credible deterrent capabilities of Taiwan, particularly those that emphasize the defense of Taiwan Island from missile attack, maritime blockade, and amphibious invasion by the People’s Republic of China. Toward this end, we believe that Taiwan should be encouraged to participate in exercises that include realistic airtoair combat training, including the exercise conducted at Eielson Air Force Base, Alaska, and Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, commonly referred to as ‘‘Red Flag.’’ 
We recommend that the Secretary of Defense carry out a program of exchanges of military officers between the United States and Taiwan designed to improve militaryto military relations between the United States and Taiwan. The officer exchanges should include fieldgrade officers, particularly officers with combat and specialized experience, and general officers, who can provide support to Taiwan to develop and improve its joint warfighting capabilities. 
We also note that section 1259A of the Fiscal Year 2015 National Defense Authorization Act (P.L. 113–291) includes the recommendation on inviting Taiwan to the humanitarian assistance and disaster relief portions of multilateral exercises. 
focused on a variety of subjects between the United States and Taiwan designed to improve militarytomilitary relations between those two countries. 
The Senate recedes. We note the matters addressed in the 
1268) that would express a series of findings and a statement of policy on preventing and responding to genderbased violence globally, and require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to certain congressional committees on the Department of Defense’s implementation efforts of the U.S. Strategy to Prevent and Respond to GenderBased Violence Globally. 
The House recedes. We believe that genderbased violence undermines the health, economic stability, and security of nations which, in turn, has an impact on United States interests. The committee notes that the United States Global Strategy on Genderbased Violence Prevention and Response requires the participation of the Department of Defense (DOD) in efforts to implement the strategy. We encourage the continued efforts of the DOD in support of the United States Global Strategy on Genderbased Violence Prevention and Response. 
Defense, not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, to provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, a report on efforts to prevent and respond to genderbased violence globally in support of the United States’ strategy, including a description of the efforts of DOD in the Interagency Working Group to implement the international genderbased violence prevention and response strategy and an assessment of the human and financial resources necessary to fulfill the purpose and duties of such strategy. 
1269) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to deploy assets, personnel, and resources to United States Southern Command to combat transnational criminal organizations by supplying sufficient intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities. 
The House recedes. We note that JIATF–S continues to contribute to United States Southern Command’s detection and monitoring and counteringtransnational organized crime mission. We encourage the Department ensure Joint Interagency Task Force–South has sufficient assets, personnel, and resources to fulfill its mandate. 
between the United States and the Republic of India 
1272) that would express the sense of Congress on the defense relationship between the United States and the Republic of India based on both countries’ common interests 
The House recedes. We note the matters addressed in the 
1273) that would express the sense of Congress that the President should exercise all available authorities as expeditiously as possible to evacuate United States citizens and nationals from Yemen. 
The House recedes. We encourage the President to work with 
international partners, to the extent practicable, to protect noncombatants and assist in the evacuation of U.S. Citizens and nationals as well as the citizens and nationals of other states from Yemen. 
1275) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on violence and cartel activity in Mexico and the impact of such on United States national security. 
The House recedes. We note that ongoing violence associated 
with transnational organized crime poses a threat to the security interests of Mexico and the United States. We recognize the shared commitment of the United States and Mexico to combat this threat and expect the Secretary of Defense to update periodically the Committees Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the Department’s security cooperation activities with the Government of Mexico. 
terrorist leaders and financiers from operating in its country 
1276) that would express the sense of Congress that Qatar is an important partner in the region, has played a significant role in fighting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and that the United States should do everything in its power to encourage Qatar to crack down on terrorist leaders and financiers who are operating in its country. The provision would require that, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report on actions taken by the United States Government to ensure that Qatar is preventing terrorist leaders and financiers from operating in its country. 
1277) that would express the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to support Jordan’s military efforts to counter violent extremism and enhance regional stability. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. 
assistance to Jordan for border security elsewhere in this Act. 
1278) that would require, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to jointly submit a report on the assessment of the threat of Boko Haram to United States national security, as well as a description of U.S. efforts to combat Boko Haram. 
The House recedes. We direct the Secretary of Defense and the 
Secretary of State not later than 180 days after enactment to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: 
Boko Haram to United States national security interests in Nigeria, the region, and homeland; 
combat Boko Haram, including the authorities to carry out such efforts and the roles and missions of the Department of Defense and Department of State; 
supplies, training, and other defense articles and services, including by type, quantity, and prioritization of such items, required to combat Boko Haram effectively and the gaps within regional allies to engage in the mission to combat Boko Haram; 
supplies, training, and other defense articles and services, including by type, quantity, and actual or estimated delivery date, that the United States Government has provided, is providing, and plans to provide to regional allies and other partners to combat Boko Haram as well as a description of associated plans to sustain United States provided equipment and capabilities; and 
practicable, submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
1279) that would express a sense of the Congress that it is a national security priority of the United States to support and cooperate with Tunisia by providing assistance to combat the growing terrorist threat from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) or other terrorist organizations. 
The House recedes. We note the importance of a secure and 
stable Tunisia to counter the threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and other terrorist organizations in North Africa and encourages the provision of United States assistance to Tunisia. TITLE XIII—C OOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION  
1301) that would define Cooperative Threat Reduction programs and funds and make funds appropriated for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program available for fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018. 
1302) that would specify funding allocations for each program under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction program. 
1401) that would authorize the appropriations for the defense working capital and revolving funds at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
1402) that would authorize the appropriations for the National Defense Sealift Fund in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
1403) that would authorize the appropriations for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense, at levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
1404) that would authorize the appropriations for Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, DefenseWide, at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
1405) that would authorize the appropriations for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
1406) that would authorize appropriations for the Defense Health Program activities at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
the National SeaBased Deterrence Fund activities at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. 
that would authorize to be appropriated sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 2017. 
the completion date for the destruction of the existing stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2023. 
The Senate contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. 
1421) that would prohibit the Secretary of Defense or Secretary of any military department from furloughing any employee of the Department of Defense whose salary is funded by working capital funds with certain exceptions. 
that would specify that the Secretary of Defense may not cease funding current projects being completed by indirectly funded government employees of the Department of Defense who are paid out of workingcapital funds. We note that this provision shall not be construed to provide for the exclusion of any particular category of employees of the Department of Defense from furlough. 
1422) that would amend Section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, by including a market fluctuation account for the purchase of petroleum. 
1431) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to transfer $120.4 million to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities. 
1432) that would authorize appropriations of $64.3 million for the Armed Forces Retirement Home for fiscal year 2016. 
The agreement includes this provision. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOT ADOPTED  
Home by the Inspector General of the Department of Defense 
1501) that would establish the purpose of this title and make authorization of appropriations available upon enactment of this Act for the Department of Defense, in addition to amounts otherwise authorized in this Act, to provide for additional costs due to overseas contingency operations and other additional funding requirements. The provision also includes clarification on the treatment of these funds. 
The Senate bill contained a similar provision that would establish this title and make authorization of appropriations available upon enactment of this Act for the Department of Defense, in addition to amounts otherwise authorized in this Act. 
1502) that would authorize the additional appropriation for procurement activities at the levels identified in section 4102 of division D of this Act. 
1503) that would authorize the additional appropriation for research, development, test, and evaluation activities at the levels identified in section 4202 of division D of this Act. 
1504) that would authorize additional appropriations for operation and maintenance programs at the levels identified in sections 4302 and 4303 of division D of this Act. 
1505) that would authorize the additional appropriations for military personnel activities at the levels identified in section 4402 of division D of this Act. 
1506) that would authorize the additional appropriations for defense working capital and 
revolving funds at the levels identified in section 4502 of division D of this Act. 
1507) that would authorize the additional appropriations for the Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, DefenseWide at the levels identified in section 4502 of division D of this Act. 
1508) that would authorize the additional appropriations for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense identified in section 4502 of division D of this Act. 
1509) that would authorize the additional appropriations for the Defense Health Program activities identified in section 4502 of division D of this Act. 
1511) that would authorize the additional appropriations for the Counterterrorism Partnership Fund at the levels identified in section 4502 of division D of this Act. Amounts authorized in this fund will be available for obligations for 2 fiscal years. 
1521) that would state that the amounts authorized to be appropriated in this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
1522) that would allow the Secretary of Defense to transfer up to $3.5 billion of additional warrelated funding authorizations in this title among the accounts in this title. 
1522) that would allow the Secretary of Defense to transfer up to $4.0 billion of additional warrelated funding authorizations in this title among the accounts in this title. 
1541) that would continue the existing limitation on the use of the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund (ASFF) for fiscal year 2016, would require $50.0 million to be used for the recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces (ANSF), and would require reporting on inventory of facilities and services that are lacking adequate resources for Afghan female service members and police, as well as a plan to address the shortcomings of facilities and services. 
that would continue the existing limitation on the use of ASFF for fiscal year 2016, and would require that of the funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2016, the Secretary shall use not less than $10.0 million, with the goal of using $25.0 million, to support, to the extent practicable, the efforts of the Government of Afghanistan to promote the security of Afghan women and girls. This section also would require the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to report on a plan to promote the security of Afghan women. 
1542) that would authorize various transfer authorities, reporting requirements, and other associated activities for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device (IED) Defeat Fund during fiscal year 2016, and would modify the implementation requirements associated with the plan for consolidation and alignment of rapid acquisition organizations. 
that would prohibit the transition of the Joint IED Defeat Organization to a combat support agency, require the Secretary of Defense to provide a plan by January 31, 2016 for the activities, functions, and resources of Joint IED Defeat Organization to be fully and completely transitioned to an office under the authority, direction, and control of an executive agent by September 30, 2016. Additionally, if the full transition is not complete by September 30, 2016 none of the funds in the Joint IED Defeat Fund would be available to the Department of Defense after September 30, 2016. 
amendment that would conform the provision to a related provision concerning the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization included elsewhere in this Act. 
1543) that would require the Comptroller General to submit a report specifying how funds for overseas contingency operations were ultimately used. 
that would limit the report to funds authorized in section 4303. 
1531) that would express a series of findings highlighting continued aggression and intimidation by Russia against United States allies and partners in Europe, in particular, and include a statement of policy on efforts by the United States to continue and expand initiatives to reassure allies and partners and to deter aggression and intimidation by Russian, in order to enhance security and stability in the region. 
1601) that would amend chapter 9 of title 10, U.S.C., to establish a unified major force program for national security space programs to prioritize national security space activities in accordance with the requirement of the Department of Defense and national security. Additionally, this section would require a report from the Secretary of Defense that assesses the budget from fiscal years 2017–20 that includes a comparison between the current budget and the previous year’s budget, as well as the current future years defense program, and the previous one with specific budget line identification. The provision would also require a plan be provided to the congressional defense committees for carrying out the unified major force program for national security space programs within 180 days of the date of enactment. 
clarifying the roles and responsibilities of the crossfunctional team. 
We direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees within 180 days on the roles and responsibilities for space control activities within the Department of Defense; efforts underway to streamline decision making and limit bureaucracy for space control within the Department; and a description of how the Space Security and Defense Program will be appropriately integrated and aligned in the space control activities. 
that would add the Secretaries of the military departments as ex officio members of the council. 
1602) that would modify and streamline section 2271 of title 10, U.S.C., by removing specific direction on elements of the strategy, coordination, and reporting requirements to Congress. 
1605) that would modify section 913 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383) by limiting the delegation of waiver authority to a level no lower than the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. 
that would add the secretaries of the military departments to the waiver authority delegation limitation. 
1603) that would amend section 1604 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) by inserting a section on streamlined acquisition; a clarification that, of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the rocket propulsion system required by section 1604 of Public Law 113–291, the Secretary of Defense would be permitted to obligate or expend such funds only for the development of such rocket propulsion system, and the necessary interfaces to the launch vehicle, to replace nonallied space launch engines by 2019 as required by such section; and a requirement for the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing on the streamlined acquisition approach, requirements, and acquisition strategy. 
that would limit the availability of funds only for the development of a rocket propulsion system and the necessary interfaces to, or integration of, the launch vehicle, to replace nonallied space launch engines by 2019 as required by section 1604 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
may be used for the integration of a rocket propulsion system on a new or existing launch vehicle. Funds may not be used to develop or procure a new launch vehicle or infrastructure. 
The agreement would also direct the Secretary of the Air Force to provide the congressional defense committees a briefing no later than 90 days from the date of enactment on a plan for the development and fielding of a fullup rocket propulsion system. 
1604) that would amend section 1608 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3626; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note). 
that would amend section 1608 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) by modifying the exception to the prohibition. The amendment would except contracts awarded for the procurement of property or services for space launch activities that includes the use of not more than a total of five rocket engines designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation that prior to February 1, 2014, were either fully paid for by the contractor or covered by a legally binding commitment of the contractor to fully pay for such rocket engines. The amendment would also add an additional exception which would allow contracts, not covered under the other exceptions, that are awarded for the procurement of property or services for space launch activities that include the use of not more than a total of four additional rocket engines designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation. Therefore, the agreement 
orders or the exercise of options under the contract number FA8811–13–C–0003 and awarded on December 18, 2013 and the existing waiver remain unchanged and unaffected. 
Russian rocket engines represents a significant risk to our national security and that their use should be minimized to the greatest extent practicable while maintaining assured access to space and competition. 
by this provision, we direct the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, to evaluate options for an executable backup plan for assured access to space that maintains competition as feasible. We expect the report to consider options in the event of a national emergency including using a Delta launch vehicle, relying on the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s launch capability, acquiring or leveraging space launch services provided by international partners consistent with the National Space Transportation Policy, or any other options that the Secretary deems feasible. The report shall include identification of requirements, feasibility, costs, infrastructure, security, timelines, required authorities and risks and benefits associated with each option considered. The Secretary shall submit the results in the form of a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees no later than April 15, 2016. 
1606) that would express the sense of Congress concerning the need for an updated, phased acquisition strategy and contracting plan for the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) program and that the acquisition strategy and contracting plan should eliminate the currently structured EELV launch capability (ELC) arrangement after the current contractual obligations, among other statements. The provision would require the Secretary of the Air Force to discontinue the current ELC arrangement by the latter of either the date on which the Secretary determines that the obligations of the contracts relating to such arrangement have been met, or by December 31, 2020. The provision would also require the Secretary to apply consistent and appropriate standards to certified EELV providers with respect to certified cost and pricing data, and audits, in accordance with section 2306a of title 10, United States Code; would require the Secretary to develop and carry out a 10–year acquisition strategy for the EELV program, in accordance with section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, and other elements of the provision; would require any contract for launch services to account for the value of the ELC arrangement per contract line item numbers in the bid price of the offeror as appropriate per launch; and would require a report on the acquisition strategy. 
that would strike the sense of Congress language; revise the date for discontinuing the current ELC arrangement to not later than December 31, 2019 for existing contracts using rocket engines designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation and not later than December 31, 2020 for existing contracts using domestic rocket engines; and clarify language concerning the acquisition strategy required. 
that would direct the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to submit a certification with the budgets for fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019 that the cost share between the Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office for the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capability program equitably reflects the appropriate allocation of funding for the Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, respectively, based on the launch schedule and national mission forecast. The amendment would also require sufficient rationale to justify such cost share. 
1607) that would require the Secretary of Defense to designate a senior Department of Defense official to procure wideband satellite communications, both military and commercial, to meet the requirements of the Department. Additionally, this section would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees, a plan to meet the requirements of the Department for satellite communications, including identification of roles and responsibilities, no later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Center. The plan would require consolidation to take place within a 3year period. It would also require an assessment of the current management and overhead costs, a projection of the consolidated management and overhead costs, and an estimate of the cost of consolidation. The provision would require the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation to review and validate each of the estimates. 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a plan for the consolidation of the 
acquisition of wideband satellite communications. The amendment would require the Secretary to identify and designate a single acquisition agent and implementation of the consolidation plan. The amendment would also allow the Secretary to forgo implementation if the Secretary determines that the implementation will require significant additional funding or is not in the interests of national security. 
1609) that would modify an existing pilot program for acquisition of commercial satellite communications services by removing the requirement to use the working capital fund and authorize multiple methods or pathfinder efforts to be used within the pilot program. Additionally, the Secretary would have to establish metrics to track the progress of meeting the objectives of the program and provide annual briefings on the progress of the pilot program, concurrent with the submission of the budget request in each year from fiscal year 2017 through fiscal year 2020. 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct the pilot program, remove the requirement to use the working capital fund for the pilot program and authorize multiple methods or pathfinder efforts to be used within the pilot program. The amendment would also direct the Department to seek to achieve orderofmagnitude improvements in communications capability as a goal of pilot programs for commercial satellite communications. We believe that Department of Defense should use this program to explore new and innovative ways to acquire commercial satellite communications for the benefit of the warfighter and the taxpayers. This should include new activities to meet the goals established in the pilot program while also leveraging the Department’s pathfinder efforts. 
1614) that would state a sense of Congress regarding space defense, as outlined in the National Space Policy of 2010. 
1610) that would prohibit reliance on space based weather data from the Government of the People’s Republic of China or the Government of the Russian Federation, and would require the Secretary of Defense to certify that the Department of Defense does not rely on, or in the future does not plan to rely on, spacebased weather data for national security purposes, that is provided by the Government of the People’s Republic of China, the Government of the Russian Federation, or an entity owned or controlled by the Government of China or the Government of Russia. 
1608) that would limit any funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the weather satellite followon system until the Secretary of Defense provides a briefing to the congressional defense committees on a plan to address the requirements of the Department of Defense for cloud characterization and theater weather imagery, and that such plan will not negatively affect the commanders of the combatant commands and will meet the requirements of the Department for cloud characterization and theater weather imagery. 
that would change the limitation of funds from a full limitation to a limitation on half of the funds. 
that reduces the fence in fiscal year 2015 to half of any unobligated funds made available for appropriation and clarifies the elements of the certification. 
The House recedes with a technical amendment that would add the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure as a recipient of the required reports. We note the importance of efforts to eliminate duplicative requirements and approvals to streamline commercial space launch activities. 
1612) that would require the Commander, U.S. Strategic Command and the Director, Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan for the integration of overhead persistent infrared (OPIR) capabilities to support specified mission capabilities of the Department of Defense. 
1613) that would state the sense of Congress regarding rapid reconstitution of critical 
Secretary of Defense to evaluate options for the use of current assets of the Department of Defense for the purpose of rapid reconstitution of critical spacebased warfighter enabling capabilities and provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees not later than March 31, 2016. 
1611) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, in cooperation with the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Air Force, and the Director of National Intelligence, to conduct an evaluation of the Spacebased Infrared System to detect, track, and target, or develop the capability to do the detect, track and target, against the fullrange of threats to the United States, deployed members of the Armed Forces, and the allies of the United States, and provide the results of such evaluation to the congressional defense committees not later than December 31, 2016. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment replacing the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics with the Commander, U.S. Strategic Command and adding the Commander, U.S. Northern Command. 
We note that the classified annex accompanying the House bill includes further discussion related to this section. 
that would add a requirement to provide supporting documents and modify the date of termination of the reporting requirement from full operational capability to initial operational capability. 
1615) that would express the sense of Congress that a robust multimission space sensor network will be vital to ensuring a strong missile defense system. 
1621) that would require the Secretary of Defense to designate a senior official of the Department of Defense to serve as the executive agent for the Department for open source intelligence tools. 
1623) that would prohibit the Secretary of Defense from using any of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to execute: the separation of the portion of the Department of Defense budget designated as part of the National Intelligence Program from the rest of the Department of Defense budget; the consolidation of the portion of the Department of Defense budget designated as part of the National Intelligence Program within the Department of Defense budget; or the establishment of a new appropriations account or appropriations account structure for such funds. 
1629) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence to review the Science and Technology Research and Foreign Material Exploitation work being conducted by the intelligence elements of the Department of Defense and recommend any changes and realignment of organizations that should take place. 
The Senate recedes. We continue to have concerns about the 
activities of the Intelligence Systems Support Office which was transferred from the office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence to the Air Force in fiscal year 2015 and believes that there are significant synergies and potential savings to be gained through consolidation of these activities with other intelligence elements of the Department of Defense. The committees are also concerned about the Foreign Material Exploitation activities which were transferred in fiscal year 2015 as well and believe that these elements could also be consolidated with organizations elsewhere in the Defense Intelligence Enterprise. 
1630) that would require the Comptroller General of the United States to carry out a comprehensive review of the processes and procedures for the integration of intelligence into the Department of Defense acquisition process. The review would include the integration of intelligence on foreign capabilities into the acquisition process from initial requirement through deployment, including staffing and training of intelligence personnel assigned to the program offices, as well as the procedures for identifying opportunities for weapon systems to collect intelligence, and accounting for the support requirements the weapon systems will place on the Defense Intelligence Enterprise once fielded. 
The Senate recedes. We believe it is important to ensure that 
adversaries, as well as the exquisite intelligence required to make new weapon systems work to their fullest potential. 
1641) that would amend section 941 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) as a new section 393 of title 10, United States Code, and also amend section 391 of such title, to provide for liability protection for covered contractors reporting cyber incidents to the Department of Defense through these two statutorily required mechanisms. 
that would clarify that the authority to conduct cyber operations shall be exercised when appropriately authorized. 
shall be construed to limit existing presidential or congressional power to authorize action. 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (127 Stat. 837; Public Law 113–66), required the President to establish an interagency process to provide for the development of an integrated policy to deter adversaries in cyberspace. The provision required the President, not later than 270 days after the date of enactment, which occurred on December 26, 2013, to submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth that integrated policy to deter adversaries in cyberspace. The report required has not been provided. We believe that an integrated policy to deter adversaries in cyberspace is essential to ensuring the national security of the United States and countering the cyber threats posed by our adversaries. We remain concerned that the failure to establish a wellarticulated strategy for deterring potential adversaries from conducting cyber attacks, emboldens our adversaries 
and increases the likelihood of cyber attacks in the near future. 
that would clarify that the Secretary of Defense shall designate an entity within a military department to be responsible for the critical cyber capabilities identified in the provision. 
that would remove the requirement for an independent assessment. 
that would require the updates to the congressional defense committees on activities undertaken in the evaluation of major weapon systems occur as part of the quarterly cyber operations briefings required under section 484 of title 10, United States Code. 
the Director of National Intelligence, the Director of the FBI, and the heads of the critical infrastructure sectorspecific agencies designated under Presidential Policy Directive 21. The Secretary also would be required to consult with governors of the States and the owners and operators of critical infrastructure. The exercises would be based on scenarios in which critical infrastructure is attacked through cyberspace and the President directs the Secretary to defend the Nation and to provide support to civil authorities in responding and recovering from the attacks. 
section concerning nationallevel cyber exercises, we encourage the Department to coordinate activities with the Secretary of Homeland Security, consistent with section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 149), to the maximum extent practicable. We believe such exercises should include opportunities to address the full spectrum of cyber defense and mitigation capabilities available to the Federal Government, and when appropriate should leverage existing National Cyber Exercise programs, such as the Department of Homeland Security Biennial Cyber Storm Program. 
1652) that would require the Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Command, Control, and Communications System to collect and assess all reports and assessments conducted by the Intelligence Community regarding foreign threats, including cyber threats, to the command, control, and communications system for the national leadership of the United States and the vulnerabilities of such system to the threats. 
1651) that would require that, subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of the Air Force, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force shall be responsible for overseeing the safety, security, effectiveness, and 
that would retain the requirement that the Chief of Staff of the Air Force be responsible for overseeing the safety, security, effectiveness, and credibility of the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force as well as requiring the designation of a Deputy Chief of Staff to carry out the duties as listed in section 1651 of the House bill. The amendment contains a sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force should consolidate, to the extent the Secretary determines appropriate, under a major command commanded by a single general officer the responsibility, authority, accountability, and resources for carrying out all aspects of the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force and that this should be memorialized through a series of enduring directives and orders. The amendment further requires the Secretary of the Air Force to submit to the congressional defense committees a report no later than February 28, 2016 on what actions have been taken or are planned to reorganize, streamline, and clarify responsibilities, authorities, accountability, and resources within the Air Force for the nuclear deterrence mission. This report must include what guidance, directives, and orders have been or will be issued to institutionalize these changes. 
1657) that included a sense of Congress on the responsiveness and alert levels of intercontinental ballistic missiles and would prohibit authorized funds for reducing, or preparing to reduce, the responsiveness or alert level of United States intercontinental ballistic missiles. 
that would strike the sense of Congress and include a clarification that the prohibition does not apply to reductions carried out to comply with the New START treaty as long as such reductions are in compliance with Section 1644 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
that would strike the findings and adjust the time period covered by the assessment to be 10 to 20 years. 
1654) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide the congressional defense committees a briefing on specific costs related to forwarddeploying nuclear weapons in Europe no later than 30 days after the President submits to Congress the budget for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
1659) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to Congress on the justification of the number of planned nucleararmed cruise missiles, known as the Long Range Standoff Weapon, to the U.S. arsenal. 
that would strike the requirement for a report and substitute a requirement for a briefing to the congressional defense committees. 
1656) that would express the sense of Congress that the safety, security, reliability, and credibility of the nuclear deterrent of the United States is a vital national security priority and that nuclear weapons require special consideration because of the political and military importance of the weapons. This provision also expresses that the Navy has repeatedly demonstrated its commitment to and prioritization of the nuclear deterrence mission of the Navy and has put an emphasis on ensuring its nuclear weapons are safe, secure, reliable, and credible both ashore and at sea. 
that would change the sense of the Senate to a sense of the Congress and make technical and clarifying changes. 
1655) that would express the sense of Congress that cooperation and collaboration under the 1958 Mutual Defense Agreement and the 1963 Polaris Sales Agreement are fundamental elements of the security of the United States and the United Kingdom, as well as international stability. Additionally, the recent renewal of these agreements are critical to sustaining and enhancing the capabilities and knowledge base of both countries regarding nuclear deterrence, nuclear nonproliferation and counterproliferation, and naval nuclear propulsion. 
that would add a sense of Congress commemorating the 60th anniversary of the Navy’s Fleet Ballistic Missile Program. 
1658) that would express the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should submit to Congress a plan on how the Secretary plans to implement the full recommendations of the two nuclear enterprise reviews. 
that would transform the provision into a Sense of Congress with a reporting requirement. 
Sense of Congress on policy on the nuclear triad 
1679) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to submit to Congress a report examining the costs associated with extending the life of the Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile compared to the costs associated with procuring a new groundbased strategic deterrent. 
changing the submission of the report from ‘‘Congress’’ to ‘‘congressional defense committees.’’ 
1661) that would prohibit the use of funds authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense to provide the Russian Federation with ‘‘hittokill’’ technology and telemetry data for missile defense interceptors or target vehicles and information relating to the velocity at burnout of missile defense interceptors or targets of the United States. This provision would also provide the President with a single use waiver to provide Russia with information regarding ballistic missile early warning in the event the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Commander of U.S. Strategic Command, and the Commander of U.S. European Command jointly certify to the President and the congressional defense committees that the provision of such information is required because of a failure of the early warning system of Russia. The provision would allow the prohibitions to expire on January 1, 2031. 
that removes the President’s single use waiver, clarifies that the provision does not prohibit the United States from providing early warning data to the Russian Federation, and allows the provision to expire on January 1, 2017. 
1663) that would prohibit the use of any authorized funds by this Act for fiscal years 2016 through 2031 for the Department of Defense or for the contributions of the United States to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to integrate a missile defense system of the Russian Federation into any missile defense system of the United States or NATO. 
that would prohibit the use of funds authorized for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the Department of Defense to integrate a missile defense system of the Russian Federation into any missile defense system of the United States. 
1662) that would prohibit any authorized funds by this Act for fiscal year 2016 to be obligated or expended for the integration of a missile defense system of the People’s Republic of China into any missile defense system of the United States. 
1665) that would provide that none of the funds authorized to be appropriated for programs related to the Patriot lower tier air and missile defense capability that depend specifically on the results of the analysis of alternatives (AOA) regarding the Patriot lower tier air and missile defense capability of the Army, may be obligated or expended until the results of the AOA are submitted to the congressional defense committees. 
Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics could waive the application of the limitation in this section if the Under Secretary determines that it is necessary to prevent an unacceptable risk to mission performance of the Patriot system and notifies the congressional defense committees of the decision to use such waiver authority. 
that would reduce the limitation to 30 days after the submission of the AOA to the congressional defense committees. 
will be completed by August 2015, prior to the beginning of fiscal year 2016. The committees do not intend to limit funding for programs or technology that could support Patriot modernization regardless of the options chosen based on the AOA. The committees believe a modernized Patriot capability is vital to a robust air and missile defense capability of the Army, and that such capability is further required for the protection of deployed U.S. Armed Forces and allied forces. The committees are committed to the modernization of Patriot and, elsewhere in this Act, recommend full funding of the budget request for these activities. 
1666) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to ensure the interoperability and integration of certain U.S. air and missile defense systems. Additionally, it would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and the Secretary of the Army to conduct at least one intercept or flight test per year that demonstrates interoperability and integration among the covered air and missile defense capabilities, and would provide waiver authority. 
1667) that would require the Commander of U.S. European Command, the Commander of U.S. Central Command, and the Commander of U.S. Pacific Command to submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Chiefs of Staff an assessment of the opportunities for integration and interoperability of air and missile defense capabilities of the United States with those capabilities of allies of the United States, including carrying out the planning, risk assessments, policy development and concept of operations development necessary to assure the integration and interoperability of U.S. and allied air and missile defense capabilities by December 31, 2017. 
that would include interoperability in the title and that would make it clear that such integration and interoperability should be ensured to the extent that specific integration arrangements are agreeable to the partner nation or among the partner nations involved in those arrangements. 
1668) that would ensure the Aegis Ashore site to be deployed in the Republic of Poland has antiair warfare (AAW) capability upon the site achieving full operating capability. It would also require that the Aegis Ashore site in Romania be retrofitted with AAW capability no later than December 31, 2018. It would also require the Secretary to evaluate the feasibility, benefit, and cost of using the Evolved Sea Sparrow Missile or the Standard Missile–2 in providing the antiair warfare capability. Additionally, it would require the Secretary of Defense to study no less than three sites in the U.S. European Command (EUCOM) area of responsibility for the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) battery; ensure that the THAAD battery is available for rotational deployment to the EUCOM area of responsibility; and to examine sites to preposition such THAAD battery if such preposition is necessary for military requirements. 
of Defense, in consultation with the relevant combatant command, should ensure that arrangements are in place, including support from North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) allies, to provide antiair defense capability at all NATO missile defense sites in support of phases 2 and 3 of the European Phased Adaptive Approach. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the plan of the Secretary to provide antiair defense capability at the sites and the contributions being made by NATO to support the provision of the anti air defense capability. 
that would state the sense of the Congress that the Secretary of Defense should ensure that arrangements are in place, including support from other members of NATO and the host nations, to provide air defense capabilities at the Aegis Ashore sites in Romania and Poland by not later than June 1, 2019. The agreement would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to submit a request to NATO to support an air defense capability at the Aegis Ashore sites in Romania and Poland. The Secretary shall submit a notification to the appropriate congressional committees by not later than April 1, 2016, as to whether NATO has agreed in principle to provide such capability. Not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the plan and budget profile to provide an air defense capability to the Aegis Ashore sites in Romania and Poland and an assessment of the air and ballistic missile threat to United States military installations in Europe, including the Naval Shore Facility in Devesulu, Romania and the planned site in Redzikowo, Poland. We also direct the Secretary of Defense to ensure, not later than 180 days after enactment, that a terminal high altitude area defense battery is available for rotational deployment to the area of responsibility of the United States European Command unless the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees that such a battery is needed in another combatant command’s area of responsibility. The Secretary of Defense shall also implement the direction contained in the classified annex of this Act bearing on this matter. 
1669) that would make available $41.4 million for the Government of Israel to procure radars for the Iron Dome shortrange rocket defense system, subject to the terms and conditions of the ‘‘Agreement Between the Department of Defense and the United States of America and the Ministry of Defense of the State of Israel Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Procurement’’ and an amended agreement for coproduction of radar components. 
1670) that would authorize $165.0 million for procurement and coproduction of the David’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 
Upper Tier missile defense system. This provision would further specify the terms and conditions that shall be achieved by the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics prior to the disbursement of the authorized funds. 
amendment that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics to certify that the Government of Israel has demonstrated the successful completion of key knowledge points; that such funds will be provided on the basis of a oneforone cash match made by Israel or in another mutually agreed matching amount; that the United States has entered into a bilateral agreement with Israel; that there is complete transparency on the requirement of Israel for the number of interceptors and batteries to be procured; that technical milestones are established for coproduction; that there is a joint approval process for third party sales; and that the level of coproduction for the David’s Sling Weapon System is equal to or greater than 50 percent for U.S. industry. The Under Secretary may waive the certification if the funds are provided to Israel solely for funding the procurement of longlead components and that the longlead procurement will be conducted in a manner that maximizes coproduction in the United States without incurring additional nonrecurring engineering activity or cost. The Director of the Missile Defense Agency would also be required to submit to the Congress, at the same time the President submits to Congress the budget request for fiscal year 2017, a plan to achieve a rate of coproduction by United States industry of parts and components of the David’s Sling Weapon System at a rate that is not less than 50 percent. 
a boost phase airborne laser weapon system by fiscal year 2025. The provision encourages collaboration and cooperation between MDA and other Department of Defense components, and directs the Secretary of Defense to provide the congressional defense committees with a report, within 120 days of enactment of this Act, of Department of Defense efforts to develop and deploy a boost phase airborne laser weapon system for missile defense. 
that would prioritize feasible and costeffective efforts, would eliminate the requirement for a senior level advisory group and require a report on the efforts of the Department of Defense to develop and deploy an airborne or other boost phase defense system by fiscal year 2025. The report should also include recommendations from industry on emerging technologies that could be applied for boost phase missile defense, and an evaluation by MDA of those recommendations. We also encourage the Department of Defense to develop concept of operations for those boost phase missile defense systems for which it intends to develop prototypes to accompany its fiscal year 2017 budget request. 
1671) that would express the sense of Congress that the ballistic missile defense of the United States homeland is the highest priority of the Missile Defense Agency; that the Missile Defense Agency is appropriately prioritizing the design, development, and deployment of the redesigned kill vehicle; and, the multipleobject kill vehicle is critical to the future of the ballistic missile defense of the U.S. homeland. This section would require that the Director of the Missile Defense Agency develop a highly reliable multipleobject kill vehicle for the Ground Based Midcourse Defense system, with rigorous flight testing to occur no later than 2020, and the deployment of such vehicle as soon as practicable thereafter. This section would also require that the management of the multipleobject kill vehicle program be undertaken by the Deputy Director of the Missile Defense Agency and would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency to provide the funding profile required for the multipleobject kill vehicle program to the congressional defense committees no later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
that would require the deployment of the multiobject kill vehicle as early as practicable after rigorous flight testing is completed and would require the fiscal year 2017 budget submission to reflect the funding profile necessary to meet the objectives of the multiple object kill vehicle program. 
remaining groundbased interceptors of the GroundBased Midcourse Defense system that are armed with the capability enhancement I exoatmospheric kill vehicle are replaced with the redesigned exoatmospheric kill vehicle before September 30, 2022. 
1678) that would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Northern Command, to designate the preferred location in the United States for the potential future deployment of a missile defense site not later than 30 days after the Secretary of Defense publishes the draft environmental impact statements (EIS) being conducted for the candidate sites. 
that would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, in consultation with the Commander of United States Northern Command, to designate the preferred location in the United States for the potential future deployment of a missile defense site not later than 30 days after the Secretary of Defense publishes the draft EIS pursuant to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013. The determination of such site should be based on operational effectiveness and cost effectiveness in addition to the results of the EIS. The Secretary would be permitted to submit any updates to the designation that he finds appropriate after the final EIS is submitted. According to the Missile Defense Agency, the draft EIS is anticipated to be completed and published in the Federal Register by January 2016 and the EIS is anticipated to be finalized between April and July of 2016. 
of Defense completes the final designation of the missile defense site, the Secretary of Defense shall develop and submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for expediting the deployment time for a potential future continental interceptor site by at least 2 years, in the case that the decision is made to proceed with such deployment. Not later than 90 days after the Secretary of Defense submits the plan to Congress, the Comptroller General of the United States is to provide its assessment of that plan. The Secretary of Defense may not obligate or expend such planning and design funds for military construction as are authorized in this Act until such date as the final EIS is published. 
1673) that would require the seabased X band (SBX) radar to be relocated to a new homeport on the East Coast of the United 
States no later than December 31, 2020, and shall have an atsea capability of not less than 120 days per year. Prior to relocating the seabased Xband radar, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) would be required to certify that the relocation would not impact the missile defense of Hawaii. Additionally, this provision would require the Director of MDA to begin siting studies, environmental impact surveys, and any other appropriate studies and evaluations to base the seabased Xband radar at a site on the East Coast. 
that would express the sense of the Congress that additional missile defense sensor discrimination capabilities are needed to enhance the protection of the United States homeland against potential longrange ballistic missiles from Iran. Accordingly, the Director of MDA shall, in cooperation with the relevant combatant command, deploy by not later than December 31, 2020, a long range discrimination radar or other appropriate sensor capability in a location optimized to support the defense of the homeland of the United States from emerging long range ballistic missile threats from Iran. The Director of MDA shall commence any siting studies and other required evaluations necessary to carry out the homeport reassignment of the SBX to the east coast. The Director of MDA shall commence a study to evaluate at least three possible additional locations, selected by the Director of MDA, that would be best suited for future deployment of an advanced missile defense sensor site at a location, whether in the United States or not, optimized against threats from Iran. In the event that the Department of Defense determines to move the SBX to the east coast, such a relocation may not be carried out until the date on which the Director of MDA certifies to the congressional defense committees that Hawaii will have adequate missile defense coverage prior to any reassignment of the homeport of the SBX. The Director of MDA shall include in the budget request for each fiscal year until December 31, 2020 an update on his progress in implementing this provision. 
1675) that would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency (MDA), no later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to commence a concept definition, design, research, development, and engineering evaluation of a spacebased ballistic missile intercept and defeat layer to the ballistic missile defense system, and submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the findings of such concept development no later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Senate bill contained no similar provision, but included language in the report accompanying its bill, that would request a report from the Missile Defense Agency on the need for a spacebased interceptor layer, assessment of the maturity of necessary technology, and an estimate of the effectiveness and cost of such a spacebased missile defense layer. The Senate recedes with an amendment 
1676) that would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, in coordination with the chief of Naval Operations and the Chief of Staff of the Army, to evaluate the role, feasibility, cost, and cost benefit of additional Aegis Ashore sites and upgrades to current ballistic missile defense system sensors to offset capacity demands on current Aegis ships, Aegis Ashore sites, and Patriot and Terminal High Altitude Area Defense capability and to meet the requirements of the combatant commanders. Such review would be further reviewed and evaluated by the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. It would further require that the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the Secretary of State to jointly identify any obstacles to foreign military sales of Aegis Ashore or cofinancing of additional Aegis Ashore sites. 
that includes certain technical changes that would eliminate the requirement for the President to enter into negotiations on host nation agreements for Aegis Ashore sites. We also add direction that the Secretary of Defense and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs include in their evaluation recommendations for potential future locations of Aegis Ashore sites. 
1677) that would require the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to provide the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the military requirement for leftof launch capability and any current capability gaps in meeting such requirement. 
that would direct the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to oversee the development of warfighter requirements for persistent and survivable capabilities to detect, identify, determine the status, track, and support engagement of strategically important mobile or relocatable assets. The requirements shall be used for the purpose of informing applicable acquisition programs (including those involving systemsofsystems required to integrate multiple inputs and outputs of related leftoflaunch information) and architecture planning funded through the Military Intelligence Program, the National Intelligence Program, and non 
shall also oversee the development of the enabling framework for intelligence support to integrated air and missile defense and, as appropriate, the development of requirements 
for capabilities to be acquired to achieve integrated operation. 
1075) that would repeal or revise reporting requirements related to missile defense. These requirements include removing annual reports on the Missile Defense Executive Board, and removing a required report on the Groundbased Midcourse Defense system. 
amendment. We note that several annual reporting requirements directed toward the Missile Defense Agency have expired and urge the Department to update its report database accordingly. 
1674) that would express the sense of Congress regarding ballistic missile defense sensor and sensor discrimination capability. This provision would further require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency to conduct an evaluation of potential options for fielding a medium range ballistic missile defense sensor for the defense of Hawaii. Such evaluation would have to be submitted to the congressional defense committees no later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
that would change the required plan to a required report on options for augmenting the missile defense of Hawaii. 
that would transform the provision into a sense of Congress with a reporting requirement. We expect the Department to include in the required report whether there are any potential ambiguity problems created by conventional prompt global strike capability, including any involving the launch of a conventionallyarmed ballistic missile from a submarine platform, that it is aware of as of the date of the Milestone A acquisition decision, and if so, to also include in the required report what specific measures he is recommending to address those problems. Additionally, such report should include whether there are any appropriate bilateral cooperative or verification measures he recommends and the timeline for decision and implementation of such measures and their cost. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOT 
Clarification of annual briefing on the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance requirements of the combatant commands 
1627) that would include the United States Special Operations Command in the annual briefing required under section 1626 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
The House recedes. We expect any U.S. Special Operations 
Command ISR requirements to be briefed to the defense committees within the existing combatant command briefing structure as defined under section 1626 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
to support civil authorities in response to cyber attacks by foreign powers 
comprehensive plan on Department of Defense support to civil authorities is required as part of a provision requiring the Secretary of Defense to conduct nationallevel cyber exercises. 
1664) that would prohibit any authorized funds by this Act for fiscal year 2016 for military construction of the LongRange Discriminating Radar (LRDR) until the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation submits an assessment, no later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act, to the congressional defense committees concerning the cost of the sensor architecture required, and that the Commander, U.S. Strategic Command and the Commander, U.S. Northern Command jointly certify the proposed site for the LRDR best supports missile defense and space situational awareness. 
The House recedes. We direct the Commander of U.S. Northern Command, jointly with the Commander of U.S. Air Force Space Command, the Director, Missile Defense Agency, and the Director of National Intelligence, to provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees not later than April 1, 2016 concerning the plan for the Cobra Dane radar capability at Shemya, Alaska, including the military requirements it currently serves and whether those requirements will continue to require a material capability solution, including those requirements not related to missile defense; and any sustainment and modernization decision timelines and costs. 
Sense of Congress on maintaining and enhancing military intelligence support to force protection for installations, facilities, and personnel of the Department of Defense 
1674) that would provide a sense of Congress on the importance of military intelligence for force protection. 
The Housereported bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. 
funding for military construction projects of the Department of Defense (DOD). It includes funding authorizations for the construction and operation of military family housing as well as military construction for the reserve components, the defense agencies, and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Security Investment Program. It would also provide authorization for the base closure accounts that fund military construction, environmental cleanup, and other activities required to implement the decisions in base closure rounds. 
2001) that would designate division B of this Act as the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
2002) that would ensure that the authorizations provided in titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX of this Act shall expire on October 1, 2018, or the date of enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019, whichever is later. 
2003) that would provide that titles XXI, XXII, XXIII, XXIV, XXV, XXVI, XXVII, and XXIX of this Act shall take effect on October 1, 2015, or the date of enactment of this Act, whichever is later. 
that would not include title XXIX for Overseas Contingency Operations funding. 
of appropriations of $743.3 million for military construction and $493.2 million for family housing for the Army for fiscal year 2016. 
appropriations of $727.7 million for military construction and $484.3 million for family housing for the Army for fiscal year 2016. 
Both the House bill and the Senate amendment cut $43.0 million operations center in San Antonio and the $37.0 million instruction building at Joint Base MeyerHenderson Hall from the President’s budget request. Therefore, funding was not included for these projects. 
The agreement includes funding for two access control point projects at Fort Meade and $30.0 million for an Arlington National Cemetery Defense Access Road project in accordance with the unfunded priorities of the Army. 
funding for the construction of family housing at Rock Island Illinois from a rebalance of housing operations per request by the Department of the Army, which yields a savings of $8.9 million. 
2101) that would contain the list of authorized Army construction projects for fiscal 
on an installationbyinstallation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. 
2102) that would authorize new construction and planning and design of family housing units for the Army for fiscal year 2016. 
2103) that would authorize the Secretary of the Army to make improvements to existing units of family housing for fiscal year 2016. 
2104) that would authorize appropriations for Army military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate recedes. We note that the amounts associated with 
the following projects remain available under the original project authorization: 
2105) that would modify the authority provided by section 2101 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239) and authorize the Secretary of the Army to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. 
2106) that would extend the authorization of a certain projects originally authorized in section 2101 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81) until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
2107) that would extend the authorization of certain projects originally authorized by section 2101 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239) until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
2108) that would authorize a military construction project in the amount of $6.0 million to construct a multisport athletic field and track and perimeter road and fencing and acquire approximately 5 acres of land adjacent to the existing Sterrebeek Dependent School site in Brussels, Belgium, to allow relocation of Army functions to the site in support of the European Infrastructure Consolidation effort. In addition, this section would authorize a paymentinkind project in the amount of $12.4 million to construct a vehicle bridge and traffic circle to facilitate traffic flow to and from the Medical Center at Rhine Ordnance Barracks, Germany. 
The House recedes. We have included another provision elsewhere in the bill to amend a prior year authorization for the Sterrebeek Dependent School to allow the additional land purchase and improvements. 
of appropriations of $1.6 billion for military construction and $369.6 million for family housing for the Navy for fiscal year 2016. 
appropriations of $1.6 billion for military construction and $369.6 million for family housing for the Navy for fiscal year 2016. 
to construct civilian infrastructure not directly related to military activities at Townsend Range, Georgia. Therefore, the agreement does not include $5.0 million for the two civilian fire stations included within the project request for the Townsend Range expansion. 
projects from the Marine Corps unfunded requirements list—$11.2 million for the KC– 130J Enlisted Air Crew Trainer at Miramar, California, and $23.3 million for Air Field Security Improvements at Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station, North Carolina. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS ADOPTED 
2201) that would contain the list of authorized Navy construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. 
2202) that would authorize new construction and planning and design of family housing units for the Department of the Navy for fiscal year 2016. 
2203) that would authorize the Secretary of the Navy to make improvements to existing units of family housing for fiscal year 2016. 
2204) that would authorize appropriations for Navy military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. 
The Senate recedes. We note that the amounts associated with 
the following projects remain available under the original project authorization: 
2205) that would extend the authorizations listed, and originally included in section 2201 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 11281), until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
2206) that would extend the authorizations listed until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
2207) that would provide special conveyance authority to the Secretary of the Navy for two fire and emergency response stations as part of the land acquisition agreement to support emergency services for Townsend Bombing Range Expansion, Phase 2, Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, Townsend, Georgia. 
of appropriations of $1.4 billion for military construction and $491.7 million for family housing for the Air Force in fiscal year 2016. 
appropriations of $1.4 billion for military construction and $491.7 million for family housing for the Air Force in fiscal year 2016. 
Communications Facility at Luke Air Force Base, Arizona, in accordance with the unfunded priorities of the Air Force. 
2301) that would contain the list of authorized Air Force construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. 
2302) that would authorize new construction and planning and design of family housing units for the Air Force for fiscal year 2016. 
2303) that would authorize the Secretary of the Air Force to make improvements to existing units of family housing for fiscal year 2016. 
2304) that would authorize appropriations for Air Force military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. 
2305) that would modify the authority provided by section 2301 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (division B of Public Law 111–84) and authorize the Secretary of the Air Force to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. 
2306) that would modify the authority provided by section 2301 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66) and authorize the Secretary of the Air Force to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. This section would also require a notification and 14–day wait period, or 7–day wait period if submitted via electronic medium, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the selected project location before commencing construction. 
2307) that would modify the authority provided by section 2301 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291) to authorize the Secretary of the Air Force to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. 
2308) that would extend the authorization listed, originally provided by section 2301 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81), until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
2309) that would extend the authorization listed, originally provided by section 2301 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239), until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
2310) that would restrict funding for the construction of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex Consolidation, Phase 2, at Royal Air Force Croughton, United Kingdom, until the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, submits a report to the congressional defense committees and would also limit actions to realign forces at Lajes Air Force Base, Azores, until the Secretary of Defense made certain determinations. 
that would require the Secretary of Defense to certify to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary has determined that Royal Air Force Croughton, United Kingdom, remains the optimal location for recapitalization of the Joint Intelligence 
of appropriations of $2.3 billion for military construction for the defense agencies and $58.7 million for family housing for the defense agencies for fiscal year 2016. 
appropriations of $2.3 billion for military construction for the defense agencies and $58.7 million for family housing for the defense agencies for fiscal year 2016. 
for the Hospital Replacement, Increment 7 at Fort Bliss, Texas. We support the authorization for appropriations in an amount equivalent to the ability of the military department to execute in the year of the authorization for appropriations. For this project, we believe that the Department of Defense has exceeded its ability to fully expend the funding requested for fiscal year 2016. As such, the agreement recommends $189.9 million, a reduction of $50.0 million, for this project. 
for the SOF Logistics Support Unit One Ops Fac. #2 at Naval Base Coronado, California. We note that the utilities needed to support this facility are not available and are not programmed until fiscal year 2017. Without these utilities, we note that the facility would not be complete and useable. While we support the requirement for this project, and the agreement includes $47.2 million for this project, we expect the Department of Defense to sequence the construction of this project in a manner that ensures the required supporting utilities are available at the time the construction is complete. 
for contingency construction at various worldwide locations. We note that the Department of Defense has not requested a military construction project using funds from this account since 2008. As such, the agreement recommends no funds, a reduction of $10.0 million, for this program. 
funding for a military construction project not included in the budget request, $30.0 million for the Missile Defense Agency Military Construction Planning and Design activities for an East Coast site for homeland missile defense. 
2401) that would contain the list of authorized defense agencies’ construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. 
2402) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to carry out energy conservation projects valued at a cost greater than $3.0 million at the amounts authorized for each project at a specific location. This section would also authorize the sum total of projects across various locations, each project of which is less than $3.0 million. This section would also preclude the ability to setaside operation and maintenance facilities restoration and modernization funds for the exclusive purpose of funding energy projects. It would require installation energy projects to compete in the normal process of determining installation requirements. 
2403) that would authorize appropriations for defense agencies’ military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. 
the following projects remain available under the original project authorization: 
authorized as a Military Construction, DefenseWide project by title X of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32; 123 Stat. 1888) for a data center at Camp Williams, Utah). 
authorities between title 10, United States Code, and title 50, United States Code, have resulted in challenges and delays in executing a recent emergency military construction project. Specifically, the overlap found in section 2803 of title 10, United States Code, and section 3304 of title 50, United States Code, resulted in a significant delay in a request for emergency funds. Therefore, we direct the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, to provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees and the congressional intelligence committees 
not later than March 1, 2016, on the statutory authorities for infrastructure investments that support both the Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community. The briefing should include a comparison of authorities found in both titles for infrastructure investments, a discussion of any discrepancies between the authorities, the impact that identified discrepancies may have on the timely execution of an infrastructure investment, and, if necessary, recommendations for legislation to clarify or streamline the statutory authorities to ensure the timely and effective execution of an infrastructure investment. 
Furthermore, we expect supporting classified material for any ongoing or future classified projects to be delivered to the congressional defense committees in a more timely fashion, to ensure proper oversight and consideration is given to these projects. 
2404) that would modify the authority provided by section 2401 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81), as amended, to authorize the Secretary of Defense to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. 
2405) that would extend the authorizations listed, originally authorized by section 2401 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81), until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
2406) that would extend the authorizations listed, originally authorized by section 2401 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239), until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
2407) that would modify the authority provided by section 2401 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66), to authorize the Secretary of Defense to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. This provision would also extend the authorization authority of the project through October 1, 2018, or the date of enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019. 
2108) that would authorize a military construction project in the amount of $6.0 million to construct a multisport athletic field and track and perimeter road and fencing and acquire approximately 5 acres of land adjacent to the existing Sterrebeek Dependent School site in Brussels, Belgium, to allow relocation of Army functions to the site in support of the European Infrastructure Consolidation effort. In addition, this section would authorize a paymentinkind project in the amount of $12.4 million to construct a vehicle bridge and traffic circle to facilitate traffic flow to and from the Medical Center at Rhine Ordnance Barracks, Germany. 
which would amend the authorization contained in section 2401 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of P.L. 113–291) for the Sterrebeek Dependent School to allow the additional land purchase and improvements. 
The Department of Defense requested authorization of appropriations of $120.0 million for military construction in fiscal year 2016 for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Security Investment Program. The agreement includes this amount. 
2501) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to make contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program in an amount equal to the sum of the amount specifically authorized in section 2502 of this Act and the amount collected from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a result of construction previously financed by the United States. 
2502) that would authorize appropriations for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. 
The Department of Defense requested authorization of appropriations of $517.3 million for military construction in fiscal year 2016 for facilities for the National Guard and reserve components. 
construction in fiscal year 2016 for facilities for the National Guard and reserve components. 
The agreement includes three Army National Guard projects from the unfunded priority list—a $4.5 million vehicle maintenance shop at Camp Foley, Alabama, a $6.8 million tactical aerial unmanned systems facility at Fort Stewart, Georgia, and a $40.0 million aviation classification and repair facility at Gulfport, Mississippi. 
Buchanan, Puerto Rico, and a $24.0 million equipment concentration facility at Fort A.P. Hill, Virginia. 
Guard project from the unfunded priority list—a $6.1 million Space Control Facility at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. 
The Agreement includes one Air Force Reserve project from the unfunded priority list—a $10.4 million Fire Station/Security Complex at Dobbins Air Reserve Base, Georgia. 
2601) that would contain the list of authorized Army National Guard construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. 
2602) that would contain the list of authorized Army Reserve construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. 
2603) that would contain the list of authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. 
2604) that would contain the list of authorized Air National Guard construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. 
2605) that would contain the list of authorized Air Force Reserve construction projects for fiscal year 2016. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. 
2606) that would authorize appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. 
2611) that would modify the authority provided by section 2602 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239) to authorize the Secretary of the Army to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. This section would also extend the authorization listed until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
2612) that would extend the authorizations listed, originally provided by section 2602 the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81) until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
2613) that would extend the authorizations listed, originally provided by sections 2601, 2602, and 2603 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239) until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
for the ongoing cost of environmental remediation and other activities necessary to continue implementation of the 1988, 1991, 1993, 1995, and 2005 Base Realignment and 
2701) that would authorize appropriations for ongoing activities that are required to implement the Base Realignment and Closure activities authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510), at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. 
2702) that would state that nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round, affirming congressional intent to reject the budget request to authorize another BRAC round in 2017. 
SUBTITLE A —MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PRO GRAM AND MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING  
2801) that would align reserve component minor construction and repair thresholds with the threshold specified in chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code. 
2803) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to carry out a pilot program, using amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense for Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation, such military construction projects for any Department of Defense Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratory or Department of Defense federally funded research and development center as are authorized in the Military Construction Authorization Act. This section would also limit the maximum amount that may be obligated in any fiscal year under this authority at $150.0 million and would expire on October 1, 2020. 
2802) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the Secretary of State, to accept contributions from the Government of the State of Kuwait in support of construction, maintenance, and repair projects within Kuwait that are mutually beneficial to the Department of Defense and the Kuwait military forces. The section would also limit the maximum amount the Secretary of Defense may obligate to $50.0 million annually, require a congressional notification with 21day wait period, 14day period if notification is provided in electronic medium, for projects exceeding the thresholds prescribed by section 2805, title 10, United States Code, and expire on September 30, 2020. 
that would limit the authorization to Kuwait, provide a temporary authority through September 30, 2020, and require a congressional notification. 
2811) that would provide consistency across the military service academies on the acceptance of a gift of real property, if the gift 
of such real property is conditioned upon the property bearing a specified name. This section would authorize the military service academies to accept such a gift if the acceptance and naming would not reflect unfavorably on the United States, and the real property has not otherwise been named by an act of Congress. This section would also require the secretaries of the military departments to issue uniform regulations governing circumstances under which gifts conditioned on naming rights may be accepted. 
that would restrict the ability to delegate this authority to only individuals appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. 
about whether the definition of a utility system for the treatment of wastewater includes the treatment of stormwater. We believe, consistent with the Department of Defense’s interpretation, that wastewater includes stormwater. 
2814) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report, as part of the budget justification documents accompanying the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2017, that details a 20year force structure plan for each of the military services and a comprehensive inventory of worldwide infrastructure. The report would also compare these two items to determine the infrastructure necessary to support the force structure, discuss the categories of excess infrastructure and infrastructure capacity, and assess the value of retaining certain excess infrastructure to accommodate contingency, mobilization, or surge requirements. In addition, this provision would require the Comptroller General of the United States to prepare an evaluation of such forcestructure plans and infrastructure inventory not later than 60 days after the date on which the plans and inventory are submitted to Congress. The committee encourages the Secretary of Defense and the Comptroller General to also take into consideration, as appropriate, the recommendations regarding force structure and force sizing provided by the July 31, 2014, assessment of the 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review by the National Defense Panel. 
that would remove certain elements of the proposed review including a review of efficiencies from joint tenancy of military installations and potential restrictions on facilities outside the United States. 
that would make the requirements applicable to operating locations that have been newly designated, or had a change in its designation as a main operating base, forward operating site, or cooperative security location since the previous fiscal year’s report. 
connected to the Department of Defense’s actions, and are fiscally responsible, are appropriate investments for the Department of 
Defense, but projects without a direct military connection should be funded through local or other nondefense federal funding. 
2822) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit an annual report to the congressional defense committees for each of fiscal years 2017–26 that addresses the total amount contributed from the Government of Japan to the Support for United States Relocation to Guam Account during the most recent year, as well as the anticipated contributions to be made during the current and next Japanese fiscal years. The report would also cover the infrastructure projects carried out on Guam or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in the previous fiscal year using funds from the Support for United States Relocation to Guam Account, as well as the projects anticipated to be carried out during the next fiscal year. This section would also repeal a reporting requirement from the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417). 
2831) that would authorize a land exchange involving a parcel of real property under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Army on the site of the former Mare Island Naval Shipyard, Vallejo, California, in the event that a current real property exchange process is unsuccessful. 
2832) that would authorize the Secretary of the Navy to convey a parcel of real property, including any improvements thereon, containing Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 in Escambia County, Florida, to Escambia County. In exchange, this section would require Escambia County to convey to the Secretary of the Navy a parcel of property that is suitable for use as a Navy outlying landing field to replace Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8. 
2834) that would authorize the Secretary of the Army to release the rights and the reversionary interests reserved by the United States for a parcel of land at Camp Villere, Louisiana, to the State of Louisiana to transfer the parcel to the Louisiana Agricultural Finance Authority and make available real property to the Louisiana Military Department that is suitable for use for National Guard training and operational support. 
2833) that would authorize the Secretary of the Army to release the rights and the reversionary interests reserved by the United States for a parcel of land in El Paso, Texas, to authorize the State of Texas to sell a portion of the property and use all proceeds from the sale to fund improvements or repairs for the National Guard facilities on the remainder of the property. 
that would include only the additional land withdrawal, leaving the original withdrawal period through March 31, 2039. 
2861) that would require the Secretary of Defense to modify the Unified Facilities Guide Specifications for pavement markings, an Air Force engineering technical letter, and any other Department of Defense guidance on airfield pavement markings as necessary to permit the use of Type III category of retroreflective beads. In addition, the Secretary shall develop appropriate policy to ensure that determination of the category of retroreflective beads used on airfields is determined on an installationbyinstallation basis based on local conditions and the life cycle maintenance costs of the pavement markings. 
2852) that would extend the authority to establish a commemorative work on federal land in the District of Columbia and its environs to honor Brigadier General Francis 
Marion and his service, originally provided by section 331 of the Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–229), through May 8, 2018. 
Special authority for minor military construction projects for child development program facilities 
2804) that would amend section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, to allow the appropriate Secretary to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project with an approved cost equal to or less than $15.0 million to create, expand, or modify a child development program facility serving children under 13 years of age. 
2805) that would express the sense of the Congress regarding how the Department of Defense should consider commuting times and available land on base when prioritizing base housing projects. 
The House recedes. We note that the Department already considers commute times and available land, among other issues, when making base housing decisions and encourage the Department to continue to do so. 
The House recedes. We note that the Secretary concerned is 
already required to obtain a specific military construction authorization in accordance with section 2802 of title 10, United States Code, and comply with National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321) before any major land acquisition can be implemented. 
the facility or the facility is located at an 
overseas location that has not been designated a main operating base or forward operating site. These new reporting requirements would only apply to facility repair projects that are expected to cost more than $1.0 million. 
The Senate recedes. We believe that, as a matter of practice, 
the Department of Defense should notify the congressional defense committees of the expenditure of significant funding for repairs at overseas locations that have not been designated as a main operating base or forward operating site even if such expenditures do not meet the thresholds specified in section 2811 of title 10, United States Code. 
2815) that would allow the Secretary with authority over a military manufacturing arsenal to delegate leasing authority to the commander of the military manufacturing arsenal. 
The House recedes. We note that section 2667 of title 10, United 
States Code, provides the Secretary concerned the authority to lease nonexcess property and that the Secretary has the ability to delegate authority to approve such leases. Therefore, we encourage the Secretary concerned to consider delegating authority to lease nonexcess property at military manufacturing arsenals if the Secretary concerned believes such delegation of authority would be in the best interest of the Department. 
The Senate recedes. We note the extensive process that base 
commanders go through in coordinating with appropriate state and local groups when opening the base for hunting, fishing, and other recreational activities. 
2835) that would authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in the former Campion Air Force Station, Alaska, to the Town of Galena, Alaska, for public purposes. 
Bureau of Land Management withdrawn military lands efficiency and savings 
2842) that would extend the public lands withdrawn for military purposes listed in the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title 30 of Public Law 106–65) until the Secretary of the military department determines a military purpose does not exist, or the Secretary of Interior permanently transfers the administrative jurisdiction to the Secretary of the military department concerned. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. 
2851) that would modify the name of the John W. Berry, Sr. Wright Brothers Aviation Center, Dayton, Ohio, to the John W. Berry, Sr. Wright Brothers National Museum, Dayton, Ohio. 
2853) that would prohibit the designation of federal property as a National Historic Landmark or for nomination to the World Heritage List if the head of the agency managing the federal property objects to such inclusion or designation for reasons of national security. This section would also authorize the expedited removal of federal property listed on the National Register of Historic Places if the managing agency of that federal property submits a request to the Secretary of Interior for such removal for reasons of national security. 
2863) that would ensure the expansion or establishment of a national monument by the President under the authority of chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (commonly known as the Antiquities Act of 1906; 54 U.S.C. 320301 et seq.), after the date of the enactment of this Act on land located beneath or associated with a Military Operations Area (MOA) shall not be construed to prohibit or constrain any activities on or above the land conducted by the Department of Defense or other federal agencies for national security purposes, including training and readiness activities. 
Great Falls Armed Forces Readiness Center in honor of Captain John E. Moran, a recipient of the Medal of Honor 
2864) that would rename the Captain William Wylie Galt Great Falls Armed Forces Readiness Center in Great Falls, Montana to be known and designated as the ‘‘Captain John 
E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center’’, to honor the Medal of Honor recipient. 
The House recedes. We note that the military services have existing authority to name facilities. 
2865) that would prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from listing the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act until January 31, 2021. 
Removal of endangered species status for American burying beetle 
2866) that would remove the endangered species status for the American burying beetle. 
2901) that would contain the list of a certain authorized Army construction project for fiscal year 2016. This project represents a binding list of the specific projects authorized at this location. 
2902) that would contain the list of certain authorized Navy construction projects for fiscal year 2016. These projects represent a binding list of the specific projects authorized at these locations. 
2903) that would contain the list of certain authorized Air Force construction projects for fiscal year 2016. These projects represent a binding list of the specific projects authorized at these locations. 
2904) that would contain the list of certain authorized defensewide construction projects for fiscal year 2016. These projects represent a binding list of the specific projects authorized at these locations. 
2905) that would authorize appropriations for overseas contingency operations military construction at the levels identified in section 4602 of division D of this Act. 
3101) that would authorize appropriations for the National Nuclear Security Administration for fiscal year 2016 and would also authorize a new plant project for the National Nuclear Security Administration. 
3102) that would authorize appropriations for defense environmental cleanup activities for fiscal year 2016. 
3103) that would authorize appropriations for other defense activities for the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016. 
3104) that would authorize appropriations for the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for nuclear energy. 
3113) that would amend subtitle C of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2442) to add a new section requiring the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator for Nuclear Security to jointly notify the specified congressional committees the number of covered employees whose security clearance was revoked during the previous year and the length of time such employees were employed by the Department of Energy or NNSA since such revocation. This provision would also require that the Secretary of the Administrator may not pay to a covered employee a salary bonus during the oneyear period beginning on the date on which the Secretary of the Administrator determines that the covered employee committed improper program management or whose actions undermined health, safety or security, while providing the authority to waive the denial of a salary bonus. Additionally, the provision would require the Secretary or Administrator to notify the specified congressional committees of the actions being taken against DOE or NNSA contractors, pursuant to contractual terms, whose actions lead to project or program delays or costgrowth. 
engage in improper program management on the date such a determination is made. 
that would reference the terms of exceeding cost, scope and schedule to those established in section 4713 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2753) or the terms of critical decision three of Department of Energy Order 413.3B (Program and Project Management for the Acquisition of Capital Assets) as well as, pursuant to a requirement to issue new Departmental or Administration guidance, actions that jeopardize the health, safety, or security of employees or facilities of the Administration or another element of the Department of Energy involved in nuclear security or in carrying out defense nuclear nonproliferation activities. The amendment further provides for a waiver for either program management or health, safety or security with notification to the congressional committees of the waiver and a period of 60 days elapses following the notification. The amendment further requires notifying the congressional defenses committees if a contractor of the National Nuclear Security Administration exceeds cost, scope and schedule as defined by section 4713 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2753) or by critical decision three of Department of Energy Order 413.3B (Program and Project Management for the Acquisition of Capital Assets), including an explanation as to whether termination of the contract is an appropriate remedy, a description of the terms of the contract regarding award fees and performance, and a description of what options under the contract will be exercised in response. If such information cannot be submitted by reason of a contract enforcement action a notification shall be submitted of the enforcement action and the date on which the required information shall be submitted. 
3115) that would amend the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521) to establish that it is the policy of the United States to sustain, enhance, and continually exercise all capabilities required to conceptualize, study, design, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons to ensure the nuclear deterrent of the United States remains safe, secure, reliable, credible, and responsive. The Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator for Nuclear Security and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, would be required to carry out a program in parallel with the stockpile stewardship program and stockpile management program to fulfill this policy. This section would also stipulate a series of objectives for this program. Finally, this section would amend certain existing annual reporting requirements to ensure robust attention on the program by senior leaders and enable congressional oversight of the status and effectiveness of the program. 
that adds to the House provision the importance of an integrated design life cycle, to shorten design, certification, and manufacturing timelines in order to minimize the amount of time and costs leading to an engineering prototype and production. 
3123) that defined a life extension program as one whose costs exceed $1.0 billion. 
3135) that would require the Administrator for Nuclear Security to seek to enter into a contract with the JASON Defense Advisory Panel to conduct a review of the laboratory directed research and development (LDRD) program authorized under section 4811 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2791). The review would be required to include assessments of whether and how the projects within the LDRD program support the mission of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA), whether the science conducted under LDRD underpin the advancement of scientific understanding necessary for NNSA’s core programs, the scientific and programmatic opportunities and challenges in the LDRD program, recent significant accomplishments and failures within the LDRD program, and how LDRD projects are selected for funding. This section would require the Administrator to submit to the congressional defense committees, by November 1, 2016, a report containing the review carried out by the JASON Defense Advisory Panel. This House bill would also require a briefing to the congressional defense committees by the Comptroller General of the United States by November 1, 2016. The Comptroller General would be required to assess: how NNSA LDRD funding limits compare to other Department of Energy and Department of Defense laboratories and federally funded research and development centers; how many NNSA personnel are supported by LDRD funding, including how many receive a majority of their compensation from LDRD; and how many devote the majority of their time to LDRD programs for more than three years. 
the ceiling to 7 percent and require a briefing by the Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration, no later than February 28, 2016, on all recent or ongoing reviews of the laboratorydirected research and development program, including such reviews initiated by the Secretary of Energy; the costs and accounting practices associated with laboratorydirected research and development; how laboratorydirected research and development projects support the mission of the National Nuclear Security Administration. We direct the Government Accountability Office to assess no later than March 15, 2016, how NNSA LDRD funding limits compare to other Department of Energy and Department of Defense laboratories and federally funded research and development centers; how many NNSA personnel are supported by LDRD funding, including how many receive a majority of their compensation from LDRD; and how many devote the majority of their time to LDRD programs for more than 3 years. 
The Senate amendment contained a provision (section 3115) that would require the Secretary of Energy to arrange to have an owner’s agent assist the Secretary in carrying out oversight responsibilities associated with Hanford Waste Treatment and Immobilization Plant contract DEAC27– 01RV14136. Since the current contractor for the Waste Treatment Plant is its own design agent, the owner’s design agent will act as an independent expert on the project. 
with clarifying language to ensure that the owner’s agent does not assume roles reserved for the federal government, that the owner’s agent’s role is to advise the Secretary of Energy, and that the owner’s agent report would be sent to the Secretary of Energy who would transmit the report with any additional views to the congressional defense committees. 
3142) that would require that, of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonproliferation for material management and minimization, not more than $5.0 million shall be made available to the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors for initial planning and early research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium. In addition, this section would require that, at the same time the President submits the fiscal year 2017 budget to Congress, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees their determination as to whether the United States should continue to pursue research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium. If the Secretaries determine to continue the research and development, the Secretaries would be required to ensure the budget request for fiscal year 2017 includes funding to carry out the program within the defense nuclear nonproliferation, material management, and minimization budget line. Not later than 30 days after the date of the submission of such determination, the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors would be required to submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for such research and development, as well as ensuring that the budget includes amounts for defense nuclear nonproliferation for material management and minimization necessary to carry out the plan. Finally, this section would require that, if the Secretaries determine such research and development should continue, not later than 60 days after the date on which the Deputy Administrator submits the plan, the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors would be required to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Deputy Administrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation regarding the research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium, including with respect to how funding for such research and development will be requested for the ‘‘Defense Nuclear nonproliferation’’ account for material management and minimization and provided to Naval Reactors to carry out the program. 
that requires the Deputy Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration to submit within 90 days after the date of enactment a conceptual plan for research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium to meet military requirements to the congressional defense committees. In addition, 60 days after the conceptual plan is submitted, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of the Navy shall make a determination as to whether the United States should continue to pursue research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium. If the Secretaries determine that such research and development should continue, they shall include funding necessary in fiscal year 2018, and in fiscal year 2017 if feasible, to carry out such a plan in the budget line item for the Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation account for material management and minimization. 
The House bill contained a provision (section 3119) that would require the Secretary of Energy to carry out construction and program support activities for the Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility with any funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for such purposes for fiscal year 2016 and any prior fiscal years. This section would also require the Secretary to include in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress for fiscal year 2017 an updated performance baseline for construction and project support activities relating to the MOX facility. 
that authorizes the Secretary to spend $5.0 million to conduct an analysis of alternative options for carrying out the plutonium disposition program. We direct that the analysis of alternatives be comprehensive with regard to potentially costeffective alternatives, and to include as alternatives various options for disposal, including costs and timelines associated with options for down blending, immobilization, disposal in canisters, and deep borehole disposal. We further direct that as part of the downblending analysis, that the Department of Energy address the questions pertaining to down blending as found in Senate Report 114–49 (Report to Accompany S. 1376, ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal year 2016’’), pages 326–329. 
3136) that would give the authority to the Secretary to establish a microlab pilot program in close proximity to a national laboratory and is accessible to the public for the purpose of enhancing collaboration with regional research groups, accelerating technology transfer from national laboratories to the marketplace; promoting regional workforce development through science, technology, engineering, and mathematics instruction and training. 
that would change the definition of microlab to one that is in close proximity to but outside the perimeter of a national security laboratory; an extension of or affiliated with a national security laboratory; and accessible to the public. The amendment also narrows the national laboratory to one that is a national security laboratory as defined in section 3821 of the National Nuclear Security Act (50 U.S.C. 2471). The amendment further uses ‘‘consultation’’ rather than ‘‘coordination’’ with lab directors and adjusts timing of reports. 
3118) that would provide that none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonproliferation activities may be obligated or expended to enter into a contract with, or otherwise provide assistance to, the Russian Federation. The Secretary of Energy, without delegation, would be provided the authority to waive this prohibition if the Secretary submits a report to the appropriate congressional committees containing notification that such a waiver is in the national security interest of the United States, a justification for such waiver, and a period of 15 days elapses. 
3117) that would prohibit any funds authorized by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 or any fiscal year thereafter for the National Nuclear Security Administration from being obligated or expended for the research and development, installation, or sustainment of fixed site radiological portal monitors or equipment for use in foreign countries. This section would clarify that this prohibition does not apply to such activities for mobile radiological inspection equipment. 
foreign countries after date of enactment until the DNI submits an assessment on whether and the extent to which fixed site and mobile radiological monitors address nuclear nonproliferation and smuggling threats; the contribution of other threat reduction programs and how well such programs address nuclear nonproliferation and smuggling threats; which programs have the greatest impact and costbenefit for addressing nuclear nonproliferation and smuggling threats; and such other matters as the Director considers appropriate. The amendment also requires the Administrator for Nuclear Security to submit a plan by March 1, 2016 to transition sustainment of existing fixed site monitors, to the greatest extent possible, to host nation. 
amendment that would prohibit fiscal year 2016 funds to test or validate technologies in the Office of Nonproliferation and Arms Control designed to be used to verify and monitor obligations under arms control treaties or other agreements to which U.S. is not a signatory until the Administrator submits a review to congressional defense committees. The review would be required to include the technology readiness level of the technology; the obligation under a treaty or other international agreement supported by the technology; and the purpose for which the technology is being developed or produced. We note that, based on information provided by the Administrator, the funding for the activities that would be limited by this provision is approximately $3.0 million. 
that would limit the $50.0 million ceiling to fiscal year 2016 and prohibit the use of fiscal year 2016 funds for the dismantlement of the W84 warhead. There is an exception for maintenance and surveillance for weapons safety and reliability. 
that would change the reporting requirement to terminate in 2026. 
3113) that required in each odd numbered year a management plan of defense nuclear nonproliferation programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration. 
that would add the House provision to the Senate provision, expand the programmatic definitions of activities of the nuclear nonproliferation program that must be reported on and make technical and clarifying changes. 
3141) that would require the Secretary of Energy to establish and carry out a plan under which the Administrator for Nuclear Security transfers to the Assistant Secretary of Energy for Environmental Management the responsibility for decontaminating and decommissioning facilities of the National Nuclear Security Administration that the Secretary of Energy determines are not operational as of the date of the enactment of 
this Act and meet the requirements for such transfer. 
require within the first report the Secretary to implement a plan under which the Administrator for Nuclear Security to transfer by March 31, 2019 to the Assistant Secretary for Environmental Management the responsibility for decontaminating and decommissioning facilities of the National Nuclear Security Administration that the Secretary of Energy determines are nonoperational as of September 30, 2015 and meet the requirements of the Office of Environmental Management for such transfer. 
that would eliminate recurring reports while focusing the assessment on the performance and participation of the management and operating contractor employees and not senior employees of the Department of Energy, since the laboratory award fee is based on performance of the contractor employees. We direct the Secretary of Energy to provide a report to the congressional defense committees no later than October 31, 2016 on the number and level of senior Department of Energy employees that participated in such exercises for fiscal year 2016. 
3114) that would amend section 3121 of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) to extend the reporting requirement through fiscal year 2019 and require that the report submitted by the Administrator for Nuclear Security must include a description of the factors considered and processes used by the Administrator to determine whether to compete or extend a contract to manage and operate a facility of the nuclear security enterprise, and whether and which activities at the facility should be covered under the management and operating contract. 
that combines the two provisions, requires the Government Accountability Office to provide a briefing on their initial review 180 days after the required report submitted, and makes certain technical and conforming amendments. 
Weapons, signed at Washington, London, and Moscow on July 1, 1968, but does not include the United Kingdom or France. 
not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary of Energy would be required to, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, determine the critical United States civil nuclear technologies that should be protected from diversion to a military nuclear program of a covered foreign country (a nuclear weapons state as defined by the Treaty on the NonProliferation of 
Nuclear Weapons other than the United Kingdom or France), including with respect to a naval propulsion or weapons program and notify the appropriate congressional committees with respect to the technologies covered by the determination. The amendment also would require that not later than 14 days before authorizing the transfer of a technology covered by such determination, the Secretary of Energy would be required to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes a notification of the intention of the Secretary to authorize the transfer of such technology and a statement of whether any agency required to be consulted under such section 57b or pursuant to regulation objected to or required conditions to such authorization of transfer. The amendment includes a waiver of the 14 day notification for an imminent radiological emergency provided within 7 days the Secretary certifies such a hazard exists, the justification and the information required in the original notification. 
each report describing an authorization and each notification with respect to an authorization involving a critical technology. 
that, concurrent with the submission to Congress of the budget for each fiscal year, the Secretary of Energy would be required to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the activities of the Department of Energy associated with the review of applications for authorization under section 57b to transfer United States civil nuclear technology to any foreign country. The report would be required to include the number of applications for authorization under section 57b of the Atomic Energy Act to transfer United States civil nuclear technology to a foreign country submitted during the year preceding the submission of the report; the length of time each such application was under review; the number of such applications that were granted; and a description of efforts to streamline the review of such applications, taking into account the proliferation and diversion potential of end users in the country to which United States civil nuclear technology would be transferred pursuant to such applications. 
would also be required to notify the Department of Energy and the appropriate congressional committees not later than 30 days after the date on which the Director determines there is credible intelligence that United States civil nuclear technology is being or has been diverted to a military program in a foreign country to which the transfer of the technology was authorized under section 57b or to a foreign country to which the transfer of the technology was not so authorized. 
not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall issue guidance with respect to the use of authority of under section 234 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2282) to impose civil penalties, including fines and debarment, and to make referrals to the Attorney General for prosecution, for violations of the terms of authorizations for the transfer of United States civil nuclear technology issued under section 57b. We believe that given the extensive amendments made to section 57b of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 by section 302 of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–242, 42 U.S.C. 2077), which were made after the enactment of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (Public Law 93–438), that the Department of Energy should have justification to 
take all precautions necessary in this section to protect proprietary information. 
3133) that would require the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator for Nuclear Security to jointly establish a team of senior officials from the Department of Energy and the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) to develop and carry out an implementation plan to reform governance and management to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the nuclear security enterprise. Additionally, it would require the Administrator to seek to enter into a joint agreement with the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Public Administration to establish a panel of external, independent experts to evaluate the plan developed by the Department of Energy and NNSA and to evaluate the implementation of such plan. 
makes certain technical and conforming amendments, including changing the date of submission of the implementation plan to be March 31, 2016, with a final report by the Implementation Assessment Panel to 2020. 
3111) that would amend section 3241A of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a) to require that, by October 1, 2016, the total number of employees within the Office of the Administrator may not exceed 1,350. This section would also amend section 3241 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441) by striking ‘‘600’’ and inserting ‘‘450’’ as the number of employees allowed to be appointed under the authority provided by such section. 
Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) to hire above the statutory limit of 1,690 full time positions using up to 100 exempt employees hired under section 3241 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 United States Code section 2441). The House bill further contains a provision 
that would strike section 3111 of the House bill and modify section 3112 of the House bill to require with each budget submission the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) provide a report that provides the number of full time equivalent employees under section 3241A of the NNSA Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a), the number of service support contracts and whether the contracts are funded with program funds, the number of full time equivalent employees under each contract and the number in each contract that have been employed for more than 2 years. 
3143) that would express the sense of Congress that the requirement to create a modern, responsive nuclear infrastructure that includes the capability and capacity to produce, at minimum, 50 to 80 pits per year, is a national security priority and delaying creation of this responsive infrastructure until the 2030s is an unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States. Additionally, it would require the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council to provide a briefing to congressional defense committees by March 1, 2016, on the annual plutonium pit production capacity requirement of the nuclear security enterprise. 
3134) that would require the Director of National Intelligence to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees, by March 1 of each year from 2016 to 2020, containing an assessment and prioritization of international nuclear proliferation risks and nuclear nonproliferation opportunities and an assessment of the effectiveness of various 
means and programs for addressing such risks and opportunities. 
3144) that would require the Administrator for Nuclear Security to submit to the congressional defense committees the analysis of alternatives by the Administrator for the Mobile Guardian Transporter program within 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Additionally, it would also require the Secretary of Energy to include in the annual budget request submission, a separate, dedicated program element for the MGT program. 
that would eliminate the requirement for an independent assessment and clarify that the submitted report must contain a full and comprehensive analysis of alternatives. We stress that the analysis of alternatives for the MGT program that is conducted and submitted to Congress should take into account all safety and security scenarios, as well as costs, benefits, and risks of various engineering and policy changes that could affect the program. 
3201) that would authorize funds for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Board for fiscal year 2016. 
3401) that would authorize $17.5 million for fiscal year 2016 for operation and maintenance of the Naval Petroleum Reserves. 
3501) that would authorize appropriations for the national security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal year 2016. 
3502) that would express the sense of Congress that dedicated and enhanced support is necessary to stabilize and preserve the Maritime Security Fleet program. 
3505) that would increase by $24.0 million the amount authorized to be appropriated for expenses to maintain and preserve a United Statesflagged merchant marine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code. 
3506) that would allow the Maritime Administrator to accept a gift from the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation for the purpose of renovating Melville Hall on the campus of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. 
3504) that would modify section 53102 of title 46, United States Code, and require the U.S. 
Coast Guard to implement certain class society certification standards. 
The House recedes. We note the continued need for Maritime 
4001) that would provide for the authorization of projects, programs, and activities in accordance with the tables in division D. 
4002) that clarifies that the undistributed reductions in funding for operation and maintenance due to bulk fuel purchases and foreign currency fluctuations, as shown in table 4301, can be applied to all operation and maintenance funding, regardless if funding is 
that would limit reductions mentioned above to table 4301 and 4303. 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
DISCRETIONARY AUTHORIZATIONS WITHIN THE JURISDICTION OF THE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Division C: Department of Energy National Security Authorization and Other Authorizations Environmental and Other Defense Activities 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
National Defense Funding, Overseas Contingency Operations Funding for Base Requirements 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
MEMORANDUM: DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS NOT UNDER THE JURISDICTION OF THE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE (NONADD) 
Summary, Discretionary Authorizations Within the Jurisdiction of the Armed Services Committee 
In the Jurisdiction of the Armed Services Committee or Do Not Require Additional Authorization 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
Additional 8 rotorcraft for Army National Guard .. [8 ] [128,000 ] [8 ] [128,000 ] 
Additional 8 rotorcraft for Army National Guard .. [8 ] [8,800 ] 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement.[26,000 ] [26,000 ] [26,000 ] 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY .......... 280 5,689,357 296 5,869,157 280 5,715,357 8 171,000 288 5,860,357 
Army UPL for Patriot PAC 3 for improved ballistic 
Program increase to support Unfunded Requirements.[519 ] [91,000 ] [519 ] [91,000 ] 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............. 7,017 1,419,957 7,536 1,495,957 7,017 1,609,957 519 176,000 7,536 1,595,957 
Additional Vehicles – Army Unfunded Requirement.[72,000 ] [72,000 ] [72,000 ] 
Army request – early to need and schedule delay [–5,417 ] [–5,417 ] [–5,417 ] 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ......... 127 1,887,073 127 2,035,690 127 2,271,684 424,500 127 2,311,573 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
011 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES ... 105,541 105,541 105,541 105,541 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 1,233,378 1,222,378 1,222,426 –10,952 1,222,426 
012 MINERESISTANT AMBUSHPROTECTED (MRAP) MODS .. 19,146 19,146 19,146 19,146 
016 WINT—GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK ............. 783,116 743,116 583,116 –139,746 643,370 
020 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS .... 196,306 196,306 196,306 196,306 021 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS.44,998 34,998 29,998 –15,000 29,998 
028 ARMY GLOBAL CMD & CONTROL SYS (AGCCS) .............. 10,137 10,137 10,137 10,137 
030 MIDTIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) ....... 27,762 22,762 27,762 –5,894 21,868 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
035 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCR ......... 9,199 9,199 9,199 9,199 036 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM COMM/ELECTRONICS.349 349 349 349 
037 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM 25,597 25,597 25,597 25,597 
045 INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY PROGRAMISSP ......... 19,920 19,920 19,920 19,920 
095 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEMARMY (GCSSA) .... 162,654 162,654 146,654 –16,000 146,654 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
102 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM 18,995 18,995 18,995 18,995 
106 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) ......... 4,242 4,242 4,242 4,242 
157 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ............. 11,505 11,505 11,505 11,505 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............... 889 5,899,028 889 5,808,028 889 5,541,028 –358,640 889 5,540,388 
Additional 12 Aircraft—Navy Unfunded Requirement.[12 ] [1,150,000 ] [12 ] [1,150,000 ] [12 ] [978,750 ] 
Requirement.[6 ] [1,000,000 ] [6 ] [1,050,000 ] [6 ] [846,000 ] 
MQ–8 UAVAdditional three air vehicles ............... [36,000 ] [36,000 ] 
Additional Low Band Transmitter Modifications ... [15,000 ] [15,000 ] 
AV–8B Link 16 upgrades, unfunded requirement [3,300 ] [3,300 ] 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
MV–22 integrated aircraft survivability—MC UFR [15,000 ] [15,000 ] 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ........... 117 16,126,405 136 18,329,805 135 18,473,105 19 1,751,406 136 17,877,811 
Additional captive air training missiles ............... [15,000 ] [15,000 ] 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ........... 762 3,154,154 896 3,231,954 811 3,202,822 49 32,968 811 3,187,122 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 723,741 723,741 723,741 723,741 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
015 LHA REPLACEMENT ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ....... 277,543 277,543 476,543 199,000 476,543 
Accelerate LHA–8 advanced procurement ............. [199,000 ] [199,000 ] 
TOTAL SHIPBUILDING & CONVERSION, NAVY ... 19 16,597,457 18 16,246,267 19 18,253,457 852,093 19 17,449,550 
Additional DDG ModificationUnfunded Requirement.[60,000 ] [60,000 ] [60,000 ] 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
Procurement in excess of need ahead of satisfactory testing.[–55,800 ] 
Procurement in excess of need ahead of satisfactory testing.[–65,600 ] [–34,550 ] 
Submarine Towed ArrayUnfunded Requirement ... [20,000 ] [20,000 ] [20,000 ] 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
Program increase to support Unfunded Requirements.[441 ] [77,500 ] [294 ] [50,000 ] 
012 ANTIARMOR WEAPONS SYSTEMHEAVY (AAWSH) ......... 668 668 668 668 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ........... 116 1,131,418 557 1,168,918 116 1,239,303 294 145,694 410 1,277,112 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
C–130H Inflight Prop Balancing System – UPL [1,500 ] [1,500 ] 
C2ISR TDL transfer to COMSEC equipment .......... [–2,246 ] [–2,246 ] 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 193 15,657,769 194 15,948,269 247 16,472,713 4 261,444 197 15,919,213 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .... 6,826 2,987,045 6,826 2,987,045 6,826 2,987,045 –30,084 6,826 2,956,961 
Minimum sustainment of DMSP–20 program ....... [–89,351 ] [–49,351 ] 
TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ....... 6 2,584,061 6 2,610,061 5 2,295,492 –36,351 6 2,547,710 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
FORCE .6,341 1,758,843 6,341 1,738,843 6,341 1,797,343 18,500 6,341 1,777,343 
034 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING AND MGMT SYSTEM.9,255 9,255 9,255 9,255 
043 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINEOFSIGHT TERMINALS ............ 79,592 64,592 79,592 –25,000 54,592 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
Battlefield Airmen Kits Unfunded Requirement .... [19,900 ] [19,900 ] Increase JTAC training and rehearsal simulators 
Joint Terminal Control Training Simulation Unfunded Requirement.[14,000 ] [36,000 ] 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ....... 18,272,438 18,295,338 18,313,584 23,146 18,295,584 
018 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS ....... 1,298 1,298 1,298 1,298 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
035 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ..... 37,177 37,177 37,177 37,177 
Subject to Title XVI.[1 ] [150,000 ] [150,000 ] [150,000 ] 
074 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS ......... 141,223 141,223 141,223 141,223 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSEWIDE ............ 92 5,130,853 112 5,263,253 110 5,341,504 9 7,080 101 5,137,933 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
(ACS) (MIP).5 99,500 5 99,500 5 99,500 5 99,500 
016 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) ....... 8,700 8,700 8,700 8,700 023 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ..... 32,000 32,000 32,000 32,000 031 RQ–7 UAV MODS ............... 8,250 8,250 8,250 8,250 
PROCUREMENT, ARMY .7 164,987 7 164,987 7 164,987 7 164,987 
003 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY .. 270 37,260 270 37,260 270 37,260 270 37,260 
PROCUREMENT, ARMY .270 37,260 270 37,260 270 37,260 270 37,260 
016 MORTAR SYSTEMS ............. 7,030 7,030 7,030 7,030 021 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION.19,000 19,000 19,000 19,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY .26,030 26,030 26,030 26,030 
004 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES .. 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 
008 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES 11,700 11,700 11,700 11,700 009 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 010 120MM MORTAR, ALL 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
021 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES .......... 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY .192,040 192,040 192,040 192,040 
005 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV).1,191 243,998 1,191 243,998 1,191 243,998 1,191 243,998 
051 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM.29,500 29,500 29,500 29,500 
087 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY 48 48 48 48 094 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS).252 252 252 252 
131 FORCE PROVIDER .............. 12 53,800 12 53,800 12 53,800 12 53,800 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
159 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ....... 10,486 10,486 10,486 10,486 
PROCUREMENT, ARMY .1,203 1,205,596 1,203 1,205,596 1,203 1,205,596 1,203 1,205,596 
001 ATTACK THE NETWORK ...... 219,550 219,550 215,086 –15,000 204,550 
002 DEFEAT THE DEVICE .......... 77,600 77,600 77,600 77,600 
003 TRAIN THE FORCE ............. 7,850 7,850 7,850 7,850 
Program Reduction ... [–50,700 ] [–43,807 ] [–50,000 ] 
EXPLOSIVE DEV DEFEAT FUND .493,271 442,571 445,000 –65,000 428,271 
PROCUREMENT, NAVY .3 217,394 3 217,394 3 217,394 3 217,394 
001 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS 9,715 9,715 9,715 9,715 002 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
020 120MM, ALL TYPES ........... 10,719 10,719 10,719 10,719 023 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ........ 3,993 3,993 3,993 3,993 024 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES ...... 67,200 67,200 67,200 67,200 025 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, 
026 FUZE, ALL TYPES ............... 3,299 3,299 3,299 3,299 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC.136,930 136,930 136,930 136,930 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
006 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE.1,811 280,902 1,811 280,902 1,811 280,902 1,811 280,902 
007 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ... 63 2,520 63 2,520 63 2,520 63 2,520 
PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .1,874 289,142 1,874 289,142 1,874 289,142 1,874 289,142 
004 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS 17,031 17,031 17,031 17,031 006 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION.5,953 184,412 5,953 184,412 5,953 184,412 5,953 184,412 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE .5,953 228,874 5,953 228,874 5,953 228,874 5,953 228,874 
052 TACTICAL CE EQUIPMENT 4,065 4,065 4,065 4,065 056 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE.15,400 15,400 15,400 15,400 
058 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES .... 3,580 3,580 3,580 3,580 059 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION.3,407 3,407 3,407 3,407 
065 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION.9,800 9,800 9,800 9,800 
056 ORDNANCE ITEMS $5M ..... 746,066 35,299 746,066 35,299 746,066 35,299 746,066 35,299 
Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
061 SPECIAL PROGRAMS .......... 1 15,160 1 15,160 1 15,160 1 15,160 063 WARRIOR SYSTEMS $5M ... 50 15,000 50 15,000 50 15,000 50 15,000 068 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS.3 104,537 3 104,537 3 104,537 3 104,537 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSEWIDE .746,120 212,418 746,120 212,418 746,120 212,418 746,120 212,418 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT .755,430 7,257,270 755,430 7,456,570 755,430 7,208,999 185,000 755,430 7,442,270 
006 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY ............ 38,374 38,374 38,374 38,374 
026 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY ... 24,735 19,735 24,735 24,735 
034 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....... 5,554 5,554 5,554 5,554 
035 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY.12,636 12,636 12,636 12,636 
038 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS.17,425 17,425 17,425 17,425 
051 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 20,145 20,145 20,145 20,145 
056 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV ....... 49,636 49,636 49,636 49,636 
058 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION .............. 46,749 46,749 46,749 46,749 
062 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 7,292 7,292 7,292 7,292 
074 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT (IFPC2).155,361 155,361 155,361 155,361 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .498,659 498,659 498,659 498,659 
093 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT.23,364 23,364 23,364 23,364 
094 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT ........ 8,960 8,960 8,960 8,960 
096 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE 21,622 21,622 21,622 21,622 
097 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION.99,242 99,242 99,242 99,242 
099 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV .. 48,339 48,339 48,339 48,339 100 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV.2,726 2,726 2,726 2,726 
101 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV.45,412 45,412 45,412 45,412 
104 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE.163,643 163,643 163,643 163,643 
116 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) .. 77,570 101,570 101,570 24,000 101,570 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement.[24,000 ] [24,000 ] [24,000 ] 
117 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT .............. 18,112 78,112 78,112 60,000 78,112 
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement.[60,000 ] [60,000 ] [60,000 ] 
119 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) ........... 12,987 12,987 6,155 12,987 
126 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT PH.32,486 32,486 32,486 32,486 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .2,068,950 2,129,450 2,098,618 51,600 2,120,550 
147 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM XCMD COLLABORATION & 
SUBTOTAL RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............ 1,027,542 1,019,542 1,019,542 –8,000 1,019,542 
156 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS.4,945 4,945 4,945 4,945 
158 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ........... 69,862 69,862 69,862 69,862 159 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ... 66,653 66,653 66,653 66,653 
171 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS).35,719 35,719 35,719 35,719 
172 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ......... 257,167 292,167 354,167 97,000 354,167 
178 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS.35,951 35,951 35,951 35,951 
180 0205402A INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV.10,750 10,750 10,750 10,750 
183 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) 
187 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............. 12,368 12,368 12,368 12,368 
196 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS.25,592 25,592 25,592 25,592 
201 0310349A WINT INCREMENT 2—INITIAL NETWORKING ............. 3,800 3,800 3,800 3,800 202 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES.48,442 48,442 48,442 48,442 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 1,129,297 1,164,297 1,226,297 97,000 1,226,297 
Defense University Research Instumentation Program increase.[18,000 ] [9,000 ] 
002 0601152N INHOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH 19,126 19,126 19,126 19,126 
006 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ........ 49,001 49,001 49,001 49,001 
008 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .. 45,056 45,056 45,056 45,056 009 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH 115,051 115,051 115,051 115,051 010 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH.42,252 62,252 42,252 20,000 62,252 
011 0602651M JOINT NONLETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH 6,119 6,119 6,119 6,119 012 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .............. 123,750 123,750 142,350 18,600 142,350 
013 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH.179,686 179,686 179,686 179,686 
014 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH.37,418 37,418 37,418 37,418 
015 0603114N POWER PROJECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........ 37,093 37,093 37,093 37,093 
016 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........ 38,044 38,044 38,044 38,044 
017 0603271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY.34,899 34,899 34,899 34,899 
019 0603651M JOINT NONLETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT.12,745 12,745 12,745 12,745 
020 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT.258,860 248,860 248,860 258,860 
Capable manpower, enablers, and sea basing ............. [–10,000 ] [–10,000 ] 
021 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .............. 57,074 57,074 57,074 57,074 022 0603729N WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY.4,807 4,807 4,807 4,807 
023 0603747N UNDERSEA WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...... 13,748 13,748 13,748 13,748 
024 0603758N NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS.66,041 66,041 66,041 66,041 
032 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ........... 1,636 1,636 1,636 1,636 
033 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES.118,588 118,588 118,588 –5,000 113,588 
Accelerate unmanned underwater vehicle development.[48,000 ] [11,000 ] [10,000 ] 
Universal launch and recovery module unfunded outyear tail.[–3,800 ] 
042 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ............. 10,371 10,371 10,371 10,371 
Transfer to National SeaBased Deterrance Fund ..... [–419,300 ] 
046 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ............ 25,904 25,904 25,904 25,904 
056 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT.18,260 18,260 18,260 18,260 
073 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS.67,360 67,360 67,360 67,360 
074 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80).48,105 48,105 127,205 79,100 127,205 
076 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM).18,969 18,969 18,969 18,969 
080 0604653N JOINT COUNTER RADIO CONTROLLED IED ELECTRONIC WARFARE (JCREW).3,817 3,817 3,817 3,817 
081 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM.9,595 9,595 9,595 9,595 
082 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT.29,581 29,581 29,581 –4,335 25,246 
083 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTISURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT.285,849 285,849 285,849 285,849 
084 0605812M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT PH.36,656 36,656 36,656 36,656 
086 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP .......... 580 580 580 580 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .5,024,626 3,720,933 5,143,726 104,965 5,129,591 
106 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING.443,433 443,433 443,433 –22,300 421,133 
113 0604404N UNMANNED CARRIER LAUNCHED AIRBORNE SURVEILLANCE AND STRIKE (UCLASS) SYSTEM.134,708 134,708 350,000 484,708 
Competitive air vehicle risk reduction activities ...... [300,000 ] 
Excess FY15 funds buy down FY16 requirements ....... [–134,708 ] 
120 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM ............... 48,213 60,213 60,213 12,000 60,213 
126 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT.8,123 8,123 8,123 8,123 
137 0604810M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—MARINE CORPS.59,265 46,765 59,265 –38,465 20,800 
138 0604810N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—NAVY.47,579 35,079 47,579 –26,335 21,244 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .6,308,800 6,331,500 6,161,092 246,542 6,555,342 
165 0605867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT ... 6,519 6,519 6,519 6,519 
176 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ... 3,900 3,900 4,700 800 4,700 
185 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT).11,335 11,335 11,335 11,335 
186 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ........ 80,129 80,129 80,129 –14,500 65,629 
187 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT.39,087 54,087 39,087 39,087 
196 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ........... 67,763 67,763 67,763 67,763 
197 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S).13,431 13,431 13,431 13,431 
199 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT ........... 20,729 20,729 20,729 20,729 200 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP).13,152 13,152 13,152 13,152 
210 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ......... 28,102 28,102 28,102 28,102 
211 0303150M WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM.294 294 294 294 
214 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES.6,207 6,207 6,207 6,207 
216 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ............ 41,831 41,831 41,831 41,831 
217 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS.1,105 1,105 1,105 1,105 
218 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS.33,149 33,149 33,149 33,149 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 3,482,173 3,497,173 3,488,473 –72,144 3,410,029 
006 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ......... 100,530 90,530 100,530 100,530 
014 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS ...... 37,665 47,665 37,665 10,000 47,665 
015 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ... 18,378 18,378 18,378 18,378 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .675,785 695,785 675,785 20,000 695,785 
038 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM.54,637 54,637 54,637 54,637 
Unjustified increase and analysis of alternatives ...... [–20,000 ] [–25,000 ] 
052 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 81,732 81,732 96,732 15,000 96,732 
Increase USCC Cyber Operations Technology Development.[15,000 ] [15,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .2,062,575 1,601,675 1,631,075 –681,500 1,381,075 
071 0604853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD.84,438 184,438 84,438 100,000 184,438 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .3,847,791 3,753,791 3,652,291 –124,500 3,723,291 
102 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT.27,895 27,895 27,895 27,895 
103 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION ........ 16,507 16,507 16,507 16,507 
104 0606116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT 18,997 18,997 18,997 18,997 
113 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING 10,465 10,465 10,465 10,465 
Forward financing, excluding funding for audit readiness.[–45,400 ] [–59,000 ] 
118 0605024F ANTITAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY .. 26,718 26,718 26,718 26,718 
126 0101313F STRAT WAR PLANNING SYSTEM—USSTRATCOM ...... 28,481 28,481 28,481 28,481 
A–10 restoration: operational flight program development.[16,200 ] [16,200 ] [16,200 ] 
146 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT ......... 1,105 1,105 1,105 1,105 
155 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES ... 7,793 7,793 7,793 7,793 
179 0303001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FABT) .. 3,907 3,907 3,907 3,907 
180 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN).75,062 75,062 75,062 75,062 
181 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ......... 46,599 46,599 46,599 46,599 
183 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE .. 2,470 2,470 2,470 2,470 
Unjustified increase in systems engineering .............. [–2,000 ] [–2,000 ] 
203 0305173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER.3,162 3,162 3,162 3,162 
214 0305221F NETWORKCENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING .. 21,587 21,587 21,587 21,587 215 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) .. 43,986 43,986 43,986 43,986 
Transfer to Procurement for NATO AWACS .............. [–59,086 ] [–59,086 ] 
237 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) ..... 112,676 112,676 81,676 –44,276 68,400 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 17,010,339 17,039,539 17,068,849 –161,840 16,848,499 
004 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE 56,544 56,544 56,544 56,544 005 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ............. 49,453 59,453 49,453 5,000 54,453 
006 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS.25,834 35,834 25,834 10,000 35,834 
007 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ... 46,261 46,261 46,261 46,261 
Multiazimuth defense fast intercept round engagement system.[–5,000 ] [–5,000 ] 
019 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY ............ 220,115 195,115 210,115 –18,394 201,721 
022 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH.8,824 8,824 8,824 8,824 
024 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............ 25,915 25,915 25,915 25,915 
026 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .... 71,171 136,171 71,171 40,000 111,171 
030 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT.12,139 12,139 12,139 12,139 
High Power Directed Energy—Missile Destruct ......... [–30,291 ] [–26,055 ] 
Move to support Multiple Object Kill Vehicle ........... [–11,967 ] [–11,967 ] 
041 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS 59,830 49,830 59,830 –10,000 49,830 
045 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......... 43,966 30,466 43,966 –20,000 23,966 
046 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS.141,540 129,540 131,540 –25,000 116,540 
047 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ....... 6,980 6,980 6,980 6,980 050 0603680D8Z DEFENSEWIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND 
051 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT.33,515 43,515 33,515 7,500 41,015 
Efforts to counterISIL and Russian aggression ........ [10,000 ] [7,500 ] 
052 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS.16,543 16,543 16,543 16,543 
054 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM.65,836 65,836 65,836 65,836 
Trusted Source Implementation for Field Programmable Gate Arrays Study.[20,000 ] [10,000 ] 
059 0603766E NETWORKCENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ........... 452,861 427,861 432,861 –20,000 432,861 
070 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......... 57,741 57,741 57,741 57,741 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .3,229,821 3,132,505 3,214,821 –162,956 3,066,865 
071 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P.31,710 31,710 31,710 31,710 
074 0603714D8Z ADVANCED SENSORS APPLICATION PROGRAM ......... 15,900 19,900 19,900 15,900 
075 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM.52,758 52,758 52,758 52,758 
077 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT.1,284,891 1,284,891 1,284,891 1,284,891 
Divert attitude control systems technology to support MultiObject Kill Vehicle.[10,000 ] [10,000 ] 
High Power Directed Energy—Missile Destruct ......... [30,291 ] [26,055 
083 0603893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ........... 31,632 31,632 31,632 31,632 084 0603895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS.23,289 23,289 23,289 23,289 
085 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND COMMUNICATI.450,085 450,085 450,085 –12,300 437,785 
103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESSMENTS.25,200 25,200 25,200 25,200 
105 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) ........ 137,564 137,564 137,564 137,564 
106 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS ... 278,944 278,944 298,944 20,000 298,944 
112 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST.64,618 64,618 64,618 64,618 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES .6,816,554 7,159,490 7,026,554 290,080 7,106,634 
116 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD.8,800 8,800 8,800 8,800 
117 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT.78,817 108,817 88,817 10,000 88,817 
Concept development by the Army of a CPGS option [15,000 ] [5,000 ] 
Concept development by the Navy of a CPGS option [15,000 ] [5,000 ] 
121 0605000BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT CAPABILITIES.7,156 7,156 7,156 7,156 
122 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........... 12,542 12,542 12,542 –12,500 42 
130 0605210D8Z DEFENSEWIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES.7,209 7,209 7,209 7,209 
132 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM).4,414 4,414 4,414 4,414 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .545,258 575,258 545,258 –3,864 541,394 
133 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) 5,581 5,581 5,581 5,581 134 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT .... 3,081 3,081 3,081 3,081 135 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT 
139 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ...... 24,936 24,936 24,936 24,936 
147 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION.5,289 5,289 5,289 5,289 
148 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) ........... 2,120 2,120 2,120 2,120 
149 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ... 102,264 102,264 102,264 102,264 158 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ 
161 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING 
169 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES.10,413 10,413 10,413 10,413 
176 0903230D8W WHS—MISSION OPERATIONS SUPPORT  IT ............... 1,072 1,072 1,072 1,072 
182 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT.1,901 1,901 1,901 1,901 
183 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (GTSCMIS).8,474 8,474 8,474 8,474 
184 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT).33,561 33,561 33,561 33,561 
186 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) ......... 3,061 3,061 3,061 3,061 
196 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN).13,735 13,735 13,735 13,735 
206 0304210BB SPECIAL APPLICATIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES ......... 65,060 19,460 65,060 65,060 
218 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS.5,302 5,302 5,302 5,302 
221 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS.3,239 3,239 3,239 3,239 
MQ–9 Unmanned Aerial Vehicle.[5,000 ] [5,000 ] [5,000 ] 
247 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............. 3,933 3,933 3,933 3,933 248 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ...... 10,623 10,623 10,623 10,623 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 4,538,910 4,518,510 4,561,117 14,840 4,553,750 
249 XXXXXXX DEFENSE WIDE CYBER VULNERABILITY ASSESSMENT.200,000 200,000 200,000 
Assess all major weapon systems for cyber vulnerability.[200,000 ] [200,000 ] 
Supports innovative technology development ........... [400,000 ] [300,000 ] 
TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE .. 170,558 170,558 170,558 170,558 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 
133 0205671F JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE ....... 300 300 300 300 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS ........ 438,909 438,909 438,909 438,909 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE ....... 1,214,116 1,215,846 1,291,316 77,200 1,291,316 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–421,269 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–164,743 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........... 21,114,514 22,077,144 21,223,857 –76,112 21,038,402 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–401,638 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–261,683 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–6,532 ] 
Advanced Civil Schooling – Civilian Graduate School 10 Percent Reduction ......... [–3,000 ] [–3,000 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–485,778 ] 
Unjustified Growth in Public Affairs ....... [–8,500 ] [–8,500 ] 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ............. 1,781,350 1,781,350 1,781,350 –33,000 1,748,350 
Spirit of America program growth ........... [–4,500 ] [–4,500 ] [–4,500 ] 
480 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ......... 40,521 40,521 40,521 –40,521 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–40,521 ] 
to streamline management HQ .............. [–238,451 ] [–245,000 ] 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............. [–83,400 ] [–141,000 ] 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND CARRYOVER ABOVE ALLOWABLE CEILING [–150,000 ] 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS ........ 81,350 81,350 81,350 81,350 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE ....... 59,574 59,574 91,974 32,400 91,974 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........... 2,559,992 2,573,592 2,592,392 33,000 2,592,992 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–10,665 ] 
to streamline management HQ .............. [–6,011 ] [–6,200 ] 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............. [–7,600 ] [–7,600 ] [–13,000 ] 
ARNG border security enhancement ........ [7,700 ] [7,700 ] 
ARNG border security enhancement ........ [13,000 ] [13,000 ] 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS ........ 84,066 84,066 84,066 84,066 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE ....... 166,848 166,848 189,348 22,500 189,348 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........... 6,287,873 6,827,573 6,370,673 286,500 6,574,373 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–6,570 ] 
NGB Heritage Painting Program .............. [–1,410 ] [–1,410 ] 
to streamline management HQ .............. [–26,631 ] [–27,400 ] 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............. [–25,300 ] [–25,300 ] [–43,000 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–37,225 ] 
040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT 103,456 106,256 103,456 103,456 
060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ............. 897,536 914,536 897,536 15,000 912,536 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–1,554,863 ] 
270 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........ 371,872 371,872 371,872 –537 371,335 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........... 34,581,896 34,668,096 34,609,613 –1,586,293 32,995,603 
310 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE .......... 422,846 422,846 422,846 –422,846 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–422,846 ] 
Aircraft Activations/Inactivations ........ [500 ] [500 ] [500 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–361,764 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–2,237 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–21,823 ] 
450 OFFDUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION 137,855 137,855 137,855 137,855 460 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ....... 77,257 77,257 77,257 –7,296 69,961 
Navy Fleet Band National Tours .............. [–5,000 ] [–5,000 ] 
Navy Fleet Band National Tour ............... [–5,000 ] [–5,000 ] 
530 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ............. 335,482 335,482 335,482 –665 334,817 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–197,724 ] 
620 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE .............. 577,803 577,803 577,803 577,803 680 INTERNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS AND 
to streamline management HQ .............. [–209,823 ] [–215,600 ] 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............. [–591,400 ] [–1,001,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........... 4,980,277 5,009,077 4,981,477 28,800 5,009,077 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–37,386 ] 
to streamline management HQ .............. [–32,588 ] [–33,500 ] 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............. [–24,600 ] [–41,000 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–326 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........... 979,824 1,024,024 979,824 374 980,198 
to streamline management HQ .............. [–1,386 ] [–1,500 ] 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............. [–39,700 ] [–39,700 ] [–67,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........... 256,461 257,861 256,461 1,400 257,861 
to streamline management HQ .............. [–1,473 ] [–1,500 ] 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............. [–1,000 ] [–1,000 ] [–2,000 ] 
EC–130H Force Structure Restoration ...... [27,300 ] [27,300 ] 
020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .............. 1,897,315 1,935,015 1,897,315 3,700 1,901,015 
A–10 to F–15E Training Transition ........... [–78,200 ] [–78,000 ] [–78,200 ] 
Joint Enabling Capabilities Command ..... [–41,000 ] [–41,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........... 22,931,245 23,301,445 22,851,365 196,900 23,128,145 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–148,318 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–1,617,571 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–259,956 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–708,799 ] 
Consolidation of Air Battle Manager Resources not properly documented .......... [–4,000 ] 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–375,513 ] 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ............... 79,690 79,690 79,690 79,690 
350 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............ 862,022 862,022 852,022 –30,000 832,022 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–61,745 ] 
DEAMS reductionFunding ahead of need [–20,700 ] [–20,700 ] [–20,700 ] 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ............. 498,053 498,053 498,053 –36,900 461,153 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–89,148 ] 
to streamline management HQ .............. [–276,203 ] [–283,800 ] 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............. [–562,100 ] [–952,000 ] 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ............... 226,243 226,243 226,243 –6,000 220,243 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–487,036 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........... 2,975,706 2,978,506 2,975,706 –493,236 2,482,470 
to streamline management HQ .............. [–4,616 ] [–4,700 ] 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............. [–101,000 ] [–101,100 ] [–171,000 ] 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ............... 740,779 740,779 743,379 2,600 743,379 
ARNG border security enhancement ........ [2,600 ] [2,600 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........... 6,901,932 7,002,932 6,904,532 62,300 6,964,232 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ............... 30,652 30,652 30,652 30,652 
to streamline management HQ .............. [–3,015 ] [–3,100 ] 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............. [–162,600 ] [–162,600 ] [–276,000 ] 
Middle East Assurance Initiative ............. [20,000 ] [20,000 ] 
020 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE 534,795 534,795 530,795 534,795 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........... 5,883,051 5,967,651 5,899,051 –1,200 5,881,851 
090 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY ....... 570,177 570,177 570,177 570,177 100 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT 
110 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY 642,551 643,551 642,551 642,551 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–508,396 ] 
240 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY .. 415,696 415,696 415,696 –415,696 
Transfer base requirement to Title XV .... [–415,696 ] 
300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE 1,388,285 1,361,693 1,378,785 5,250 1,393,535 
to streamline management HQ .............. [–897,552 ] [–908,700 ] 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............. [–29,700 ] [–61,000 ] 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 176,517,228 174,848,778 172,735,659 –14,142,942 162,374,286 
Army expenses related to Syria Train and Equip program ........ [25,800 ] [25,800 ] 
170 COMBATANT COMMANDS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .............. 100,000 100,000 100,000 
AFRICOM Intelligence, Surveilance, and Reconnissance ........... [100,000 ] [100,000 ] 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ............... 24,559 24,559 24,559 24,559 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ...... 952,534 952,534 952,534 952,534 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ............... 31,643 31,643 31,643 31,643 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE .......... 3,455 3,455 3,455 3,455 
Air Force expenses related to Syria Train and Equip program .. [42,750 ] [42,750 ] 
Reduction to the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq ............ [–63,000 ] [–63,000 ] 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............. 9,090,013 9,749,263 9,013,813 –32,050 9,057,963 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ........... 58,106 58,106 58,106 58,106 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSEWIDE ...... 5,805,633 6,099,633 5,705,633 –200,000 5,605,633 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [421,269 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [164,743 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [401,638 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [261,683 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [6,532 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [485,778 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [40,521 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [10,665 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [6,570 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [37,225 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [1,554,863 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [422,846 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [361,764 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [2,237 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [21,823 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [197,724 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [37,386 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [326 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [148,318 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [1,617,571 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [259,956 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [708,799 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [375,513 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [61,745 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [89,148 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [487,036 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [508,396 ] 
Transfer base requirement from Title III .............. [415,696 ] 
Additional support for the National Guard’s Operation Phalanx .......... [21,700 ] [21,700 ] 
Pilot program for Continuous Technology Refreshment ......... [5,000 ] 
Pilot program for Continuous Technology Refreshment ......... [5,000 ] 
Pilot program for Continuous Technology Refreshment ......... [5,000 ] 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ............... 62,898 67,898 62,898 62,898 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSEWIDE ........ 45,084 45,084 45,084 45,084 
TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION .... 720,721 720,721 720,721 720,721 
SOUTHCOM Operational Support for Central America ........... [50,000 ] [30,000 ] [30,000 ] 
TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL .............. 316,159 315,159 312,559 –3,600 312,559 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ............... 2,500 2,500 2,500 2,500 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSEWIDE ........ 86,350 86,350 86,350 86,350 
TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL .............. 10,262 10,262 10,262 10,262 
TOTAL COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ... 2,100,000 1,000,000 –1,350,000 750,000 
Army COLORADO Fort Carson ROTARY WING TAXIWAY 5,800 5,800 5,800 5,800 
Army GEORGIA Fort Gordon COMMAND AND CONTROL FACILITY 90,000 90,000 90,000 90,000 
Army NEW YORK Fort Drum NCO ACADEMY COMPLEX 19,000 19,000 19,000 19,000 
Academy WASTE WATER TREATMENT PLANT 70,000 70,000 70,000 70,000 
Army OKLAHOMA Fort Sill TRAINING SUPPORT FACILITY 13,400 13,400 13,400 13,400 
Army VIRGINIA Fort Lee TRAINING SUPPORT FACILITY 33,000 33,000 33,000 33,000 
Worldwide Locations HOST NATION SUPPORT 36,000 36,000 36,000 36,000 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 73,245 73,245 73,245 73,245 
Navy ARIZONA Yuma AIRCRAFT MAINT. FACILITIES & APRON (SO. CALA) 50,635 50,635 50,635 50,635 
ISLAND SW Asia MINA SALMAN PIER REPLACEMENT 37,700 0 37,700 37,700 
Navy CALIFORNIA Camp Pendleton PENDLETON OPS CENTER 0 0 25,000 0 
Navy CALIFORNIA Coronado COASTAL CAMPUS UTILITIES 4,856 4,856 4,856 4,856 
Navy CALIFORNIA Lemoore F–35C HANGAR MODERNIZATION AND ADDITION 56,497 56,497 56,497 56,497 
Navy CALIFORNIA Lemoore F–35C TRAINING FACILITIES 8,187 8,187 8,187 8,187 
Navy CALIFORNIA Lemoore RTO AND MISSION DEBRIEF FACILITY 7,146 7,146 7,146 7,146 
Navy CALIFORNIA Point Mugu E–2C/D HANGAR ADDITIONS AND RENOVATIONS 19,453 19,453 19,453 19,453 
Navy CALIFORNIA San Diego LCS SUPPORT FACILITY 37,366 37,366 37,366 37,366 
Navy FLORIDA Jacksonville FLEET SUPPORT FACILITY ADDITION 8,455 8,455 8,455 8,455 
Navy FLORIDA Jacksonville TRITON MISSION CONTROL FACILITY 8,296 8,296 8,296 8,296 
Navy FLORIDA Pensacola ASCHOOL UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING (CORRY STATION) 18,347 18,347 18,347 18,347 
RANGE EXPANSION PHASE 2 48,279 48,279 43,279 –5,000 43,279 
Marianas SANITARY SEWER SYSTEM RECAPITALIZATION 45,314 45,314 45,314 45,314 
Sands PMRF POWER GRID CONSOLIDATION 30,623 30,623 30,623 30,623 
Navy HAWAII Kaneohe Bay P–8A DETACHMENT SUPPORT FACILITIES 12,429 12,429 12,429 12,429 
Navy JAPAN Iwakuni SECURITY MODIFICATIONS—CVW5/MAG12 HQ 9,207 9,207 9,207 9,207 
Navy JAPAN Kadena AB AIRCRAFT MAINT. SHELTERS & APRON 23,310 23,310 23,310 23,310 
Lejeune SIMULATOR INTEGRATION/RANGE CONTROL FACILITY 54,849 54,849 54,849 54,849 
Marine Corps Air Station AIRFIELD SECURITY IMPROVEMENTS 0 0 23,300 23,300 23,300 
CAROLINA Parris Island RANGE SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS & MODERNIZATION 27,075 27,075 27,075 27,075 
Navy VIRGINIA Dam Neck MARITIME SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM FACILITY 23,066 23,066 23,066 23,066 
Navy VIRGINIA Norfolk COMMUNICATIONS CENTER 75,289 75,289 75,289 75,289 
TO PIERS 2,6,7, AND 11 44,254 44,254 44,254 44,254 
Navy VIRGINIA Portsmouth WATERFRONT UTILITIES 45,513 45,513 45,513 45,513 
Navy VIRGINIA Quantico ATFP GATE 5,840 5,840 5,840 5,840 Navy VIRGINIA Quantico ELECTRICAL DISTRIBUTION UPGRADE 8,418 8,418 8,418 8,418 
GUARD BEQ & OPS FACILITY 43,941 43,941 43,941 43,941 
Navy VIRGINIA Quantico TBS FIRE STATION REPLACEMENT 0 0 17,200 0 
Navy WASHINGTON Bangor REGIONAL SHIP MAINTENANCE SUPPORT FACILITY 0 0 0 0 
Navy WASHINGTON Bremerton DRY DOCK 6 MODERNIZATION & UTILITY IMPROVE. 22,680 22,680 22,680 22,680 
Navy WASHINGTON Indian Island SHORE POWER TO AMMUNITION PIER 4,472 4,472 4,472 4,472 
Worldwide Locations MCON DESIGN FUNDS 91,649 91,649 91,649 91,649 
Monthan AFB HC–130J WASH RACK 12,200 12,200 12,200 12,200 
AF ARIZONA Luke AFB COMMUNICATIONS FACILITY 0 0 21,000 21,000 21,000 
AF ARIZONA Luke AFB F–35A ADAL FUEL OFFLOAD FACILITY 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 
AF ARIZONA Luke AFB F–35A AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE HANGAR/SQ 3 13,200 13,200 13,200 13,200 
AF ARIZONA Luke AFB F–35A SQ OPS/AMU/HANGAR/SQ 4 33,000 33,000 33,000 33,000 
AF FLORIDA Cape Canaveral AFS RANGE COMMUNICATIONS FACILITY 21,000 21,000 21,000 21,000 
SPARES & SE STORAGE FAC 19,000 19,000 19,000 19,000 
Pearl HarborHickam F–22 FIGHTER ALERT FACILITY 46,000 46,000 46,000 46,000 
AF JAPAN Yokota AB C–130J FLIGHT SIMULATOR FACILITY 8,461 8,461 8,461 8,461 
AF MARYLAND Fort Meade CYBERCOM JOINT OPERATIONS CENTER, INCREMENT 3 86,000 86,000 86,000 86,000 
STEALTH OPS & NUCLEAR ALERT FAC 29,500 29,500 29,500 29,500 
AF NEBRASKA Offutt AFB DORMITORY (144 RM) 21,000 21,000 21,000 21,000 
AF NEVADA Nellis AFB F–35A AIRFIELD PAVEMENTS 31,000 31,000 31,000 31,000 
AF NEVADA Nellis AFB F–35A MUNITIONS MAINTENANCE FACILITIES 3,450 3,450 3,450 3,450 
AF NEW MEXICO Kirtland AFB SPACE VEHICLES COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT LAB 12,800 12,800 12,800 12,800 
AF NEW YORK Fort Drum ASOS EXPANSION 0 0 6,000 0 
AF OKLAHOMA Altus AFB DORMITORY (120 RM) 18,000 18,000 18,000 18,000 
AF OKLAHOMA Tinker AFB KC–46A DEPOT MAINTENANCE DOCK 37,000 37,000 37,000 37,000 
San Antonio BMT CLASSROOMS/DINING FACILITY 3 35,000 35,000 35,000 35,000 
San Antonio BMT RECRUIT DORMITORY 5 71,000 71,000 71,000 71,000 
AF UTAH Hill AFB F–35A FLIGHT SIMULATOR ADDITION PHASE 2 5,900 5,900 5,900 5,900 
AF UTAH Hill AFB F–35A HANGAR 40/42 ADDITIONS AND AMU 21,000 21,000 21,000 21,000 
AF UTAH Hill AFB HAYMAN IGLOOS 11,500 11,500 11,500 11,500 
AF WORLDWIDE CLASSIFIED Classified Location MUNITIONS STORAGE 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 89,164 89,164 89,164 89,164 
DefWide ALABAMA Maxwell AFB MAXWELL ES/MS REPLACEMENT/RENOVATION 32,968 32,968 32,968 32,968 
DefWide CALIFORNIA Camp Pendleton SOF PERFORMANCE RESILIENCY CENTER WEST 10,371 0 10,371 10,371 
DefWide CALIFORNIA Coronado SOF LOGISTICS SUPPORT UNIT ONE OPS FAC. #2 47,218 0 47,218 47,218 
DefWide CALIFORNIA Fresno Yosemite IAP ANG REPLACE FUEL STORAGE AND DISTRIB. FACILITIES 10,700 10,700 10,700 10,700 
DefWide COLORADO Fort Carson SOF LANGUAGE TRAINING FACILITY 8,243 8,243 8,243 8,243 
Lemonnier CONSTRUCT FUEL STORAGE & DISTRIB. FACILITIES 43,700 0 43,700 43,700 
Field SOF FUEL CELL MAINTENANCE HANGAR 17,989 17,989 17,989 17,989 
DefWide FLORIDA MacDill AFB SOF OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FACILITY 39,142 39,142 39,142 39,142 
DefWide GERMANY Garmisch GARMISCH E/MSADDITION/MODERNIZATION 14,676 14,676 14,676 14,676 
DefWide GERMANY Grafenwoehr GRAFENWOEHR ELEMENTARY SCHOOL REPLACEMENT 38,138 38,138 38,138 38,138 
DefWide GERMANY Rhine Ordnance Barracks MEDICAL CENTER REPLACEMENT INCR 5 85,034 85,034 85,034 85,034 
DefWide HAWAII Kaneohe Bay MEDICAL/DENTAL CLINIC REPLACEMENT 122,071 90,257 122,071 122,071 
DefWide JAPAN Kadena AB AIRFIELD PAVEMENTS 37,485 37,485 37,485 37,485 
DefWide KENTUCKY Fort Knox FORT KNOX HS RENOVATION/MS ADDITION 23,279 23,279 23,279 23,279 
Cannon AFB CONSTRUCT PUMPHOUSE AND FUEL STORAGE 20,400 20,400 20,400 20,400 
DefWide NEW MEXICO Cannon AFB SOF SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY 11,565 11,565 11,565 11,565 
DefWide NEW YORK West Point WEST POINT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL REPLACEMENT 55,778 55,778 55,778 55,778 
CAROLINA Fort Bragg SOF BATTALION OPERATIONS FACILITY 38,549 38,549 38,549 38,549 
CAROLINA Fort Bragg SOF INDOOR RANGE 8,303 8,303 8,303 8,303 
Falls IAP REPLACE FUEL FACILITIES 2,500 2,500 2,500 2,500 
DefWide PENNSYLVANIA Philadelphia REPLACE HEADQUARTERS 49,700 49,700 0 49,700 
CAROLINA Fort Jackson PIERCE TERRACE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL REPLACEMENT 26,157 26,157 26,157 26,157 
DefWide SPAIN Rota ROTA ES AND HS ADDITIONS 13,737 13,737 13,737 13,737 
DefWide TEXAS Fort Bliss HOSPITAL REPLACEMENT INCR 7 239,884 189,884 239,884 –50,000 189,884 
DefWide VIRGINIA Fort Belvoir REPLACE GROUND VEHICLE FUELING FACILITY 4,500 4,500 4,500 4,500 
DefWide VIRGINIA Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek— Story SOF APPLIED INSTRUCTION FACILITY 23,916 23,916 23,916 23,916 
Worldwide Locations CONTINGENCY CONSTRUCTION 10,000 0 10,000 –10,000 0 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 31,628 31,628 31,628 31,628 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 3,041 3,041 3,041 3,041 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 1,078 1,078 1,078 1,078 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 27,202 27,202 27,202 27,202 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 42,183 42,183 42,183 42,183 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 13,500 13,500 13,500 13,500 
SITE PLANNING AND DESIGN 0 30,000 0 30,000 30,000 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING & DESIGN 31,772 31,772 31,772 31,772 
NATO WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED NATO Security Investment Program NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM 120,000 150,000 120,000 120,000 
Army NG DELAWARE Dagsboro NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP 10,800 0 10,800 10,800 
Army NG FLORIDA Palm Coast NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER 18,000 18,000 18,000 18,000 
Army NG GEORGIA Fort Stewart TACTICAL AERIAL UNMANNED SYSTEMS 0 0 6,800 6,800 6,800 
Army NG MARYLAND Easton NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER 13,800 13,800 13,800 13,800 
Army NG MISSISSIPPI Gulfport AVIATION CLASSIFICATION AND REPAIR 0 0 40,000 40,000 40,000 
Army NG NEVADA Reno NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP ADD/ALT 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 
Army NG OREGON Salem NATIONAL GUARD/RESERVE CENTER BLDG ADD/ALT (JFHQ) 16,500 16,500 16,500 16,500 
Indiantown Gap TRAINING AIDS CENTER 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 
Park NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP ADDITION 7,900 7,900 7,900 7,900 
Army NG VIRGINIA Richmond NATIONAL GUARD/RESERVE CENTER BUILDING (JFHQ) 29,000 29,000 29,000 29,000 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 20,337 20,337 20,337 20,337 
Army Res CALIFORNIA Miramar ARMY RESERVE CENTER 24,000 24,000 24,000 24,000 
Army Res FLORIDA MacDill AFB AR CENTER/AS FACILITY 55,000 55,000 55,000 55,000 
Army Res MISSISSIPPI Starkville ARMY RESERVE CENTER 9,300 0 9,300 9,300 
Army Res NEW YORK Orangeburg ORGANIZATIONAL MAINTENANCE SHOP 4,200 4,200 4,200 4,200 
Buchanan ACCESS CONTROL POINT 0 0 10,200 10,200 10,200 
Army Res VIRGINIA Fort AP Hill EQUIPMENT CONCENTRATION 0 0 24,000 24,000 24,000 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 9,318 9,318 9,318 9,318 
N/MC Res NEVADA Fallon NAVOPSPTCEN FALLON 11,480 11,480 11,480 11,480 
N/MC Res NEW YORK Brooklyn RESERVE CENTER STORAGE FACILITY 2,479 2,479 2,479 2,479 
Worldwide Locations MCNR PLANNING & DESIGN 2,208 2,208 2,208 2,208 
Field TFI—REPLACE SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY 7,600 7,600 7,600 7,600 
Air NG FLORIDA Cape Canaveral AFS SPACE CONTROL FACILITY 0 0 6,100 6,100 6,100 
Hilton Head IAP C–130 SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY 9,000 9,000 9,000 9,000 
CYBER BEDDOWN RENO BLDG 430 6,700 6,700 6,700 6,700 
ANG Range RANGE TRAINING SUPPORT FACILITIES 2,900 2,900 2,900 2,900 
Air NG LOUISIANA New Orleans REPLACE SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 
Air NG MAINE Bangor IAP ADD TO AND ALTER 
HAMPSHIRE Pease International Trade Port BLDG MOD KC–46 FUSELAGE TRAINER 0 0 1,500 0 
IAP FUEL CELL AND CORROSION CONTROL HANGAR 10,200 10,200 10,200 10,200 
Douglas IAP REPLACE C–130 SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY 9,000 9,000 9,000 9,000 
Air NG NORTH DAKOTA Hector IAP INTEL TARGETING FACILITIES 7,300 7,300 7,300 7,300 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 5,104 5,104 5,104 5,104 
Monthan AFB GUARDIAN ANGEL OPERATIONS 0 0 0 0 
AF Res CALIFORNIA March AFB SATELLITE FIRE STATION 4,600 4,600 4,600 4,600 
AF Res OHIO Youngstown INDOOR FIRING RANGE 9,400 9,400 9,400 9,400 
San Antonio CONSOLIDATE 433 MEDICAL FACILITY 9,900 9,900 9,900 9,900 
Army FLORIDA Camp Rudder FAMILY HOUSING REPLACEMENT CONSTRUCTION 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000 
Army Airfield FAMILY HOUSING IMPROVEMENTS 3,500 3,500 3,500 3,500 
Army ILLINOIS Rock Island FAMILY HOUSING REPLACEMENT CONSTRUCTION 20,000 20,000 20,000 9,000 29,000 
Worldwide Locations FAMILY HOUSING P & D 7,195 7,195 7,195 7,195 
Worldwide Locations LEASED HOUSING 144,879 144,879 144,879 –3,000 141,879 
Worldwide Locations MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT 45,468 45,468 45,468 –2,900 42,568 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Army Total .............. 393,511 393,511 393,511 –17,900 375,611 
Family Housing Construction, Navy And Marine Corps Total ......... 16,541 16,541 16,541 0 16,541 
Worldwide Locations PRIVATIZATION SUPPORT COSTS 28,668 28,668 28,668 28,668 
Worldwide Locations PLANNING AND DESIGN 9,849 9,849 9,849 9,849 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Air Force Total ........ 331,232 331,232 331,232 0 331,232 
Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, DefenseWide Total .. 58,668 58,668 58,668 0 58,668 
Worldwide Locations DON–100: PLANING, DESIGN AND MANAGEMENT 7,787 7,787 7,787 7,787 
Worldwide Locations DON–101: VARIOUS LOCATIONS 20,871 20,871 20,871 20,871 
Worldwide Locations DON–138: NAS BRUNSWICK, ME 803 803 803 803 
GROVE & CAMBRIA REG AP 3,808 3,808 3,808 3,808 
Worldwide Locations AIR FORCE 0 –52,600 –50,000 –34,400 –34,400 
Army Cuba Guantanamo Bay UNACCOMPANIED PERSONNEL HOUSING 0 76,000 0 0 0 
Navy Bahrain Bahrain Island MINA SALMAN PIER REPLACEMENT 0 37,700 0 0 0 
Navy Bahrain Bahrain Island SHIP MAINTENANCE SUPPORT FACILITY 0 52,091 0 0 0 Navy Italy Sigonella P–8A HANGAR AND FLEET SUPPORT FACILITY 0 62,302 0 0 0 Navy Italy Sigonella TRITON HANGAR AND OPERATION FACILITY 0 40,641 0 0 0 Navy Poland Redzikowo AEGIS SHORE MISSILE DEFENSE COMPLEX 0 51,270 0 0 0 
AF Niger Agadez CONSTRUCT AIR FIELD AND BASE CAMP 0 50,000 0 0 0 
AF Oman Al Mussanah AB AIRLIFT APRON 0 25,000 0 0 0 
DefWide Djibouti Camp Lemonier CONSTRUCT FUEL STORAGE AND DISTRIBUTION FACILITIES 0 43,700 0 0 0 
DefWide Poland Redzikowo AEGIS SHORE MISSILE DEFENSE COMPLEX 0 93,296 0 0 0 
Energy And Water Development, And Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: 
04–D–125 Chemistry and metallurgy replacement project, LANL .. 155,610 155,610 
14–D–710 Device assembly facility argus installation project, NV 13,000 13,000 
15–D–409 Low Activity Waste Pretreatment System, Hanford 75,000 75,000 
Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ......... 581,878 581,878 Construction: 
Uranium enrichment D&D fund contribution (Legislative proposal) ........ 471,797 –471,797 –471,797 –471,797 0 
hard work on this piece of legislation. As always, I think he correctly described the process and all the work that went into it. It is always a challenge in the House and the Senate, Republicans and Democrats. 
this bill that we argued over to reach agreement and reach consensus; but really, this bill is a reflection of the way Congress should function. It goes through committee; it goes through the House; it goes through the Senate committee, Senate; and then we conference and discuss those issues. I think this year, we flexed that as well. We had a very robust discussion with Members participating. 
for their outstanding work. They always have to work very, very hard on all of those provisions—I think it was 647 that the chairman mentioned—to make that happen. Our staff is second to none, and I thank them for that. I thank the chairman and all the Members for participating in this bipartisan process. 
good product. It takes some important steps on acquisition reform, it takes some critical steps on reforming our retirement system in a way that I think will benefit the troops, and it does all the other things that the chairman said it does. 
I will say that the political maneuvering that the chairman mentioned is not irrelevant because that is the one place that this bill still isn’t quite there, and that is on getting rid of the budget caps. That is what all of that maneuvering was about; the original approach to this was to keep the budget caps in place and simply find OCO money. Now, the budget agreement upped the budget caps for a couple years, but still used a little OCO money. So it made progress, but it didn’t get us there. 
is all about our troops and national security. Until we finally get rid of the budget caps and allow for a predictable—at least 5, if not 10, year future for our Defense Department, national security will be at risk. 
Now, it is great that we have got 2 
years. It is great that we have got this one bill. But as many, many people in 
the Department of Defense—current Secretary of Defense Ash Carter, past Secretary of Defense Bob Gates—have mentioned, the last 5 years have been terrible for the Department of Defense. The last 5 years of unpredictable budgets, CRs, threatened shutdowns, actual shutdowns, budget caps—all of that has made it very, very difficult for the Pentagon to plan in the way that they would like. 
through to get to this point is far from irrelevant to what is in the best interests of national security and what is in the best interests of our troops. I think it is central to it. 
have as much money for readiness as I think any of us would like, and we don’t have that predictability past 2 years. Two years is great, but we need to get past that. We need to get past the budget caps and build in some predictability going forward. 
So while it was frustrating, obviously, to go through the whole process and have it vetoed, once the budget was resolved, we put ourselves in a better position. Now we have turned what was a very good bill into a great bill and a bill that I am happy to support and that I believe is in the best interest of our troops and the best interest of national security. 
will not truly get there until we have a more predictable budget future for national security in the Department of Defense. And not just the Department of Defense. As I mentioned in an earlier debate, the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, the Treasury Department, the State Department, amongst many others, play a critical role in our national security. They, too, need some budget certainty and freedom from the caps and sequestration. 
All of that I think was very, very relevant to making our national security stronger and adequately protecting our troops. So I am pleased to stand up and support the bill today. I look forward to it moving forward. Again, I thank everybody for their very, very hard work in making it happen. 
the Veterans Day recess, I think it is particularly important that we honor veterans with more than our words. We should honor them and what they sacrificed for with our votes as well. So over the next few minutes, I am going to be honored to yield to some of our colleagues who are combat veterans themselves. 
Speaker, today I come to the floor on behalf of all our servicemen and women. As a 29year Air Force veteran and POW, I know something about what it takes to achieve mission success. For the military to be successful, troops need adequate funding so they can carry out their mission safely and effectively. Troops also need the support of their President, their Commander in Chief. 
this. I say it because, in Vietnam, we had neither. You see, due to consolidation at the Defense Department, the planes I flew in Vietnam were really Navy aircraft. They weren’t equipped for airtoair ground combat. The Pentagon hung gun pods on them, but its success rate was about 50 percent. That is just not the type of odds you want going into battle. 
was hit from ground fire and tried to fight back, but couldn’t because the gun jammed. Enemy shots caught my right engine on fire, and I ejected just before the aircraft crashed. The Viet Cong caught me and eventually took me to the infamous Hanoi Hilton, where I spent the next almost 7 years of my life. 
have turned out differently had the Air Force properly equipped planes and my gun hadn’t jammed. But I can tell you this: it is a vital priority of mine to ensure our troops today don’t run into the same problem I did. America can’t 
today. It is the right thing to do for our deployed troops who are in harm’s way. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LORET TASANCHEZ ), the ranking member of 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member and the chairman of the committee. I would also like to thank my counterpart, the chairman of the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee, Mr. TURNER , because we 
Our committee looks at the procurement of things both for land and air. We have a lot of help in doing that. I would like to especially thank our staff—Doug Bush, John Wason, Jesse Tolleson, and John Sullivan—for their dedication and hard work in getting this done. 
our subcommittee we have in the bill today. Working in a bipartisan manner, we found hundreds of millions of dollars to cut from programs that are behind schedule, not performing, or some that just didn’t make sense anymore. We took that money and diverted it into things that I believe our servicemembers need: UAVs, armored vehicles, fighter aircraft, tactical missiles, National Guard equipment, and a wide range of individual soldier items. 
the Army National Guard needs to replace its aging helicopters, and we have focused on that. That was one of the things that I focused on. For example, in the California Army National Guard, they are deeply involved in fighting these forest fires, but they can’t do it with aging equipment. It is a priority for me in this year’s bill to fund UH–60 Black Hawk helicopters to ensure the implementation of modernized Black Hawks into the Army National Guard. 
I am also proud this year’s bill continues to eliminate unnecessary barriers that delay the services from expanding opportunities for women in the military. It is time for the U.S. Armed Forces to stop excluding servicemembers from serving in certain roles due only to their gender. Female servicemembers have the right to serve in all units and all specialties as long as they meet the standards. 
And finally, as a member of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, I remain concerned about the bloated nuclear weapons budget. I hope that, in the future, we will support nonproliferation programs. 
from Nevada (Mr. H ECK), who is a veteran of the Iraq conflict and also chairs our Subcommittee on Military Personnel. Mr. HECK of Nevada. I thank the 
Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Subcommittee on Military Personnel, I appreciate Chairman THORNBERRY ’s efforts to finalize this critical legislation. His dedication to our men and women in uniform, their families, our veterans and survivors is unsurpassed. 
raise their right hand, volunteer to pick up a weapon, and stand a post in a faroff land to guard the freedoms and liberties that make our Nation great is a primary function of the Federal Government to ‘‘provide for the common defense.’’ Today, with the adoption of this legislation, we achieve that goal. 
provisions that will allow us to recruit and retain the best and brightest, maintain an agile military force, and ensure our brave servicemen and women receive the benefits they have earned and deserve. 
that provides a benefit for the roughly 83 percent of the force who serve less than 20 years and currently leave with nothing. It authorizes the special pays and bonuses that are critical to maintaining the All Volunteer force. It protects important nonmonetary compensation benefits like a robust commissary and exchange system. It mandates a joint uniform drug formulary between the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs so that transitioning servicemembers can continue to receive the medications that are working for them when they leave active service. And it provides enhanced protections for sexual assault victims, to include protecting victims from retaliation. 
our military men and women, their families, our veterans and survivors, and support this bill. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS), 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman THORN BERRY and Ranking Member S MITH; my 
of the subcommittee; along with the committee staff for working in a bipartisan manner to incorporate the budget changes from the Bipartisan Budget Act into the NDAA. I am pleased to see this very important bill headed back to the President so that it can be signed into law quickly. 
The bill includes many good provisions to improve our military. It takes important steps toward personnel reform by including recommendations from the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission, a key provision in the modernization of the military retirement system. 
this is very, very important, I think, for everyone—while maintaining the 20year defined retirement, a Thrift 
Savings Plan is added not just for retirees, but for all servicemembers. This will positively impact the 83 percent of the Force that leaves prior to the 20 year mark. 
The NDAA also continues the committee’s critical work towards the prevention and response to sexual assault. 
pilot programs to improve health care for servicemembers and their families, we need to do more. I am pleased that Chairman THORNBERRY has asked the 
Military Personnel Subcommittee to begin working on reforming the Military Health System. 
Important issues clearly are addressed in this bill, and I support many of the provisions and all the hard work that went into it. As we know, national security is born from many factions, including the education of our people, investment in science and technology, and the support of sustainable resources and infrastructure. 
for these investments over the next 2 years. We must capitalize on the time provided and fix the national budget so that we don’t find ourselves back in the same situation we were in just a few weeks ago. Our national security is far too important. 
the chairman for yielding, and I thank everyone for their hard work on this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a lot of negativity out there. In the House, we talk a lot about bad things that happen. It is just our focus. But I want to talk about some of the good. 
come from the United States of America, who put on the uniform of all our various Armed Forces, and stand as the line between chaos and order, the line between good and evil. 
We know in the last decade, we had a 
number of troops engaged in Iraq, Afghanistan, and all over the globe in the war on terror, keeping Americans safe. In some cases, they were very distant from their families. In some cases, they had to give the ultimate sacrifice. We know that today, in Syria, Iraq, and untold areas in other places, we have men and women still defending this country from the potential next attack. 
body—we debate budgets, and that is important—and the most important thing we can do is equip the men and women of our military with the tools they need, with the pay they need, with the benefits they need to defend this country, to take care of their family, and that we can alleviate a little bit of the pain and loneliness they may feel when they are separated on the battlefield. 
ranking member, and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and on this side of the aisle for working together. I would ask for this to pass in a unanimous way, if we could, and I would ask the President to sign this bill. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURT NEY), the ranking member of the 
today in support of the revised defense bill, which restores the strong, bipartisan tradition of the House Armed Services Committee. In particular, the Seapower portion expands shipbuilding to ensure that today our Nation is building the ships we need tomorrow. 
for construction of nine new ships, including two attack subs, two destroyers, three littoral ships, a new oiler, and completion of an LPD amphib. In addition, it continues work on a new carrier, the USS Gerald Ford , and overhaul of one of our current carriers. 
In this bill, we are providing the resources to keep our Navy on track to build a force of over 300 ships. This progress stands in stark contrast to where we were nearly a decade ago, building only four or five ships a year, a critical mistake which decimated the size of our fleet. 
Sea Based Deterrence Fund to allow the Navy to build new ballistic subs without suffocating the rest of Navy shipbuilding. To be clear, this program is not about building one submarine class. It is about making sure that the Navy and our Nation have the full range of ships and submarines needed in the future. 
fund last year, the bill today adds to the range of authorities the Navy can use to design and build ballistic subs in the most costeffective way. Just last week, the nonpartisan CBO looked at the Seapower Subcommittee initiative and found that, if we ‘‘funded the purchase of the Ohio replacement submarines through the National Sea Based Deterrence Fund . . . the Navy could potentially save several hundred million dollars per submarine.’’ 
That is the kind of thoughtful, bipartisan work that this bill represents. 
I urge support of the revised NDAA. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
combat veteran of America’s recent wars, who also serves as the vice chair of our Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces. 
leaders who are going to be here. When the generals term out, when the administration terms out, when the Secretary of Defense changes over and over, guess who is here? MACTHORN BERRY and A DAM SMITH. It will be M IKE 
We have people who love this country. They come to work every day in D.C., and they care about national security, because there is no social security without national security. That is the way it is. 
Act is our solemn promise to our people who fight for us. It is us promising them that we will look out for them, that we will fight for them, and that we will give them what is needed to do their job. 
when the guys are out in the freezing cold whether or the hot, humid weather every day, day in and day out, while we are here in our suits and ties in this nice airconditioned building, this is our solemn promise to them. This is us telling them: Hey, we have your back. No matter where the President sends you, the Congress is going to make sure you have what you need to do your job. 
in Afghanistan—while my father was chairman of the Armed Services Committee here in D.C. That gave me the perspective of how Congress needs to watch our backs. 
the men and women that are out there doing their jobs on the ships, day and night. That is what we are here doing. That is what is important. 
Without this, the ExIm Bank doesn’t matter. Without this, the transportation bill doesn’t matter. It is about national security and making sure that we remain a free Nation. 
Once again, I want to thank the leaders who put this bill together and worked on this in a bipartisan way. I want to say thank you to Chairman MACTHORNBERRY and Ranking Member 
particularly the staff, that puts this together. I think it is the staff that I am most impressed with. They are absolutely 100 percent dedicated to the national security of this country. 
I think Mr. HUNTER is absolutely correct that the first and most important responsibility we have is to protect this country and to give the troops the equipment that they need to succeed in that venture. 
I was particularly moved by Congressman SAMJOHNSON ’s comments 
about not having the equipment that he needed in Vietnam. I thank Mr. THORNBERRY for his leadership in trying to make sure that we don’t repeat that mistake. I think we have worked in a bipartisan way to achieve that 
goal: to make sure that the men and women who serve our country have the equipment and the training that they need to perform the missions that we ask them to do. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
from Ohio (Mr. S TIVERS ), another veteran of the Iraq conflict. 
Act is really important. As a Member of Congress and as a member of the military, I have raised my right hand and taken an oath to protect against all enemies, foreign and domestic; and, in fact, defending our country is our primary duty as policymakers here in Washington. 
I am pleased that the budget agreement that was reached a couple of weeks ago will pave the way for a National Defense Authorization Act to get passed now. 
President chose to veto that over domestic spending priorities, but I am glad that we are here where we can actually fix some of the things that need fixed. 
and helps 83 percent of our servicemen and women who don’t reach 20 years of service. It allows them to walk away with something. 
reduce the incidence of suicide among our members of the military. Suicide is an epidemic in our military right now. They have been through a lot over the last 10 or 15 years, and we need to give them the help they need. This bill helps do that. 
reforms in the acquisition process, but, most importantly, it gets the soldiers in harm’s way the resources they need to do their job. 
that we pass this bill before Veterans Day to send a signal to our troops all across the world that we have their backs and, when they answer the Nation’s call and we send them into harm’s way, we are going to get them what they need to do the job and help them return home safely. 
For those reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
veteran of America’s more recent wars and a member of our committee. 
served in the U.S. Army Reserve since 1998. In 2005–2006, I deployed to Iraq for 
deployment when we wondered if politicians at home had our backs, but we never wondered if the President did. We knew he did. 
make sure the politicians in D.C. are behind them. With Chairman THORN BERRY and Ranking Member S MITH, I 
am here to tell our troops right here, right now that Members of this body have their backs. 
way every day, and their missions are expanding. Let’s leave no question in their minds about the support here at home. 
This legislation, the National Defense Authorization Act, gives our troops and military families the certainty they need as they serve. Troops stationed all over the world, in desperate and dangerous places watched the President veto the National Defense Authorization Act just a couple of weeks ago—a dangerous decision, in my mind. 
sign this bill. Sign this bill so our troops know that we have their backs. Sign this bill so our military can adequately plan for the threats that we face and will continue to face through 2016. From China to Russia, to ISIS, to Iran, to North Korea, the threats are real. 
around. Let’s pass and sign this bill so military families don’t have to worry. National security is our responsibility. Let’s give them some assurance in a world of uncertainty. 
Let’s get this critical defense bill across the finish line in honor of every man and woman that has ever worn the uniforms of the United States military. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), the ranking member of the 
the chairman and ranking member, particularly Chairman WILSON and the 
members of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee, for their hard work and contributions to the legislation before us today. 
many important issues, from cyberspace, to research and development, to the integration of advanced technologies, such as directed energy, to the challenges of special operations, counterterrorism, and unconventional warfare. 
crucial capabilities, such as the Ohio Replacement Program, the peerless Virginiaclass submarines that are 
built starting in my district in Rhode Island, the Virginia Payload Module, the cuttingedge autonomous and unmanned systems. 
budget approach reflected in this bill is the result of the considered compromise that was reached last week. That framework paves a fiscal path that invests in all departments and all elements of national power, not just defense. 
That agreement and the NDAA before us this morning echoes that very point. It demonstrates that, when we work across the aisle, we can accomplish the hard work of legislating that the American people elected us to do. 
wrong, though, in a few areas, most notably, on the provisions related to Guantanamo. However, no bill is perfect. In a net assessment, I believe that this bill reflects a bipartisan compromise that will properly provide for our national defense and for our men and women in uniform, and I look forward to supporting it. 
they did together in bringing the bill to this point and the tireless staff, who are not often recognized like they should be, and their extraordinary work. I want to thank them for their work all collectively on this NDAA this year. I am already looking forward to getting to work on next year’s bill. 
Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate your leadership on this bill over this last year and that, also, of our colleagues, working hard to make sure this is a good bill that gives our troops everything they need to protect our country and keep it safe. 
know what it is like to make sure that we were ready to deploy anywhere in the world. 
that are at home, on alert, or deployed in harm’s way have the equipment, the training, and the certainty that they need in order to keep us safe. 
who raised their right hand that are right now out there on the front lines putting their lives on the line, and the last thing they need is more uncertainty. 
them uncertainty, and we need to stop that right now, today. 
of the issues with our colleagues. I urge everyone to support this very important bill. 
my district. We have got protections for the A–10 and the EC–130, very important assets that are deployed right now in the fight against ISIS and in 
other places around the world, saving American lives. This bill protects those assets from being retired. It is an important bill to pass to show certainty to our troops that we have got their backs. 
Huachuca in asymmetrical capabilities that are important for us and our defense. Whether it is unmanned aerial vehicles or cybersecurity, electronic jamming, we need to send the message to them that we are going to give them everything they need. 
and his experience in Vietnam, we have got to show the troops that we have got their backs. 
it across the board, including those for retirement benefits, sexual assault victims. It is a good bill. The President should not be playing politics with it. 
the aisle that we need to work together, support this bipartisan bill, and get it passed. We need to make sure that our troops know we have their backs. We have their backs. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I just want to start on the last point 
about certainty and the President’s veto. The bill the President vetoed had $38 billion in it in OCO funding, which the appropriators had not appropriated and which was highly unlikely to be there. 
the uncertainty would have been enormous. There would have been $38 billion promised in the NDAA with no guarantee whatsoever that it was going to show up. 
Now, once we got a budget resolution, we were able to get $33 billion of that $38 billion, and that is good. But, still, if he had signed that bill, we would now be scrambling to figure out where to cut that $5 billion in a bill that we had already passed. 
that we passed and that the President vetoed gave no clarity to our troops or to the Department of Defense because it had $38 billion in it that the budget resolution and that the appropriators were not going to approve. 
not legitimately pass a bill that would give our troops and the Department of Defense any degree of—forget certainty—any degree of understanding of what money they were going to be able to spend. 
money in it that isn’t reflected in the budget resolution, that isn’t reflected in the appropriations is hardly supporting our troops and hardly giving them any sort of clarity as to what money they are going to have. 
Now we have a little bit of that clarity because of that budget resolution. I won’t be so bold as to say that the President’s veto of the NDAA was part 
resolution, but I am sure it didn’t hurt because we wanted to clarify that very important national security process. 
$38 billion in there that wasn’t going to be there. That is not keeping a promise to our troops. So I am glad that we got that clarity. I am glad it happened as soon as it did. 
budget resolution so quickly, but I am glad that we did. I think it does now give our troops and the Department of Defense the sense of clarity on the budget for at least the next 2 years that they need. 
As I have said, we need to go beyond 
that. We need to get rid of the budget caps. We need to get rid of, I believe, the Budget Control Act so that we can have some degree of planning ability for the next 5 to 10 years for the Department of Defense and for all these other departments that are important to national security, but also important to economic security. That matters as well to our country. 
where we are at. I, again, want to thank the chairman and thank all of the members of the committee for all of their very, very hard work. 
I want to thank Betty Gray, who works on our staff, who—and, if you look at her, you would not believe this in a million years—who has actually been here for 40 years. I don’t think she’s aged in any of those 40 years. 
But she has served the Armed Services Committee and, gosh, more Members than any of us could probably count for 40 years. She is the epitome of a public servant and the epitome of exactly everything that the HASC staff stands for in terms of always putting the troops first, always being concerned about our national security. 
without Betty. She makes the trains run on time, makes sure everyone is doing what they need to be doing, and has just done a fabulous job. And she is just a truly wonderful person as well, has been a good friend to many, many Members and many, many staff members. 
about Betty is, she has always managed to do something that is very difficult for all of us, and that is balance both professional and personal life. 
Zach and Cal, have always been just number one priority for her. She takes care of them, and she also takes care of us. 
So for 40 years, she has been a dedicated public servant. I just want to have those of us who are here give a round of applause for Betty Gray and her 40 years of amazing public service. 
I don’t know what we will do if she 
ever decides to retire. We like to think that no one is irreplaceable, but Betty comes as close as anyone I could possibly imagine. So I thank her for her help and leadership and for 40 years of dedicated public service. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the career of 
Betty Gray, a loyal public servant and a key staff member on the House Armed Services Committee. Betty has served in Congress for 40 years—a benchmark only the most dedicated public servants achieve. 
Betty typifies what it means to be a public 
servant, a colleague, a friend and, most importantly, a mother and wife. Anyone who has had the opportunity to meet Betty quickly understands that the most important thing in her life is her family. Her husband, Dick, and two children, Zach and Cal, are at the center of her life. 
We all fear the day Betty decides to retire. 
While no one is irreplaceable, some people come very close. Betty is one of those people. Her institutional knowledge and administrative skill set are unrivaled. After 40 years of service, Betty has accumulated a wealth of knowledge and depth of understanding about the Armed Services Committee and the Congress that cannot be replaced. When she retires, a part of Congress will retire with her. 
who has worked with Betty about the quality of her service and the response is unequivocal: Betty has always been the quiet, consistent presence on the committee—the person who is never rattled, regardless of how chaotic or stressful things become. Betty is always here to remind us of whether what we’re thinking has been tried before, and failed, or whether it has worked. 
An eagleeye editor of letters and memoranda, Betty is literally the person who makes sure that we ‘‘cross our T’s and dot our I’s.’’ Not only is she the person with the clipboard checking off staff at Member meetings, she is the person who assures that the Members know the who, what, where, when, why, and how of the meeting. Throw five conflicting times and dates at her, and Betty can make calm out of schedule chaos. As security administrator for classified information regarding the committee’s special access programs, Betty literally handles our deepest, darkest secrets. For 37 years, she has shepherded every National Defense Authorization Act through committee markup, ensuring every rollcall vote is tallied correctly and serving as the committee’s unofficial historian. 
of the House Armed Services Committee, the school counselor, the motherly presence who remembers everyone’s birthdays, and, on occasions, even the school nurse. She is the go to person to get things done and the one who lends a helping hand or a listening ear. 
House, seven Presidents, and ten House Armed Services Chairmen. Speaking as someone who has been here for a while, I understand the difficulty of achieving that level of longevity. We are here today to celebrate all that Betty has done for her country and for Congress, and to thank her for her service. You are a true public servant, Betty. Thank you. 
Betty Gray for her distinguished career. I am confident that others will continue to benefit from her service. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
the ranking member left off and join him in honoring and thanking Betty Gray for her incredible record of service to our committee and, through our committee, to the country. 
but she epitomizes the kind of selfless service to the country that this bill and this committee is really all about. 
sensitive information our committee deals with, and she does it with a professionalism that is just beyond reproach from anyone. What you can’t put in a job description is the personality—the person—the nurturing that comes to Members and other members of the staff which is irreplaceable. 
time we—especially Members—take for granted those people who are essential to getting the work done and through this institution serving the country. I agree completely with what the ranking member said—that Betty Gray epitomizes that sort of service. 
capacity but a similar sort of service that we have heard about today from the combat veterans who have spoken, starting with SAMJOHNSON who talked 
about what happened when he wasn’t appropriately supported and then spent the next 7 years of his life in the Hanoi Hilton. Now, we will never know what could have been prevented, but his testimony, really, about what he has endured should stick with us all. 
powerful in saying that this bill is our promise to those people who are out there serving in all sorts of places around the world today in an increasingly dangerous world and that whatever you think about this provision or that provision, those troops deserve to be supported on a bipartisan basis. They deserve to know that the country is behind them. The way we can convey that is by voting on both sides of the aisle as close to unanimously as we can for this measure. 
Speaker, is the troops deserve that sort of support, but the rest of the world also needs to see that sort of support because there are an increasing number of questions around the world about whether the United States is in retreat and about whether we are willing to continue to engage in world leadership. 
One of the ways that we can demonstrate to adversaries, to friends, and to neutrals who are trying to make up their mind which way they are going to go that we are committed to defending ourselves, our interests, and our allies is by passing this bill for the 54th straight year. And this time, rather than have the President try to use it as a bargaining chip to get more domestic spending, this time have the President sign it. I think our troops deserve it, 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees on the Judiciary and Homeland Security, I rise to speak on S. 1356, the National Defense Authorization Act for FY2016 Conference Agreement. 
I thank Armed Services Committee Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member S MITH 
for their work and collaboration with the Senate conferees in making the revisions to the NDAA needed to address the substantial and legitimate concerns raised by in the Statement of Administration Policy regarding the original NDAA (H.R. 1735). 
for the Pentagon and defenserelated programs for FY 2016, $5 billion less than both the president’s overall request and the original agreement. 
President Obama vetoed the original agreement on October 22, because he objected to its $38 billion in base defense funding in the uncapped Overseas Contingency Operations account. 
treatment to defense spending over nondefense spending in violation of the MurrayRyan Budget Agreement and contrary to the spirit of the evenhanded pain resulting from sequestration. 
Because of the Bipartisan Budget Agreement reached last week, conferees were able to identify the $5 billion in reductions needed to conform to the requirements of the Murray Ryan Budget Agreement. 
reflects the new FY 2016 cap and provides $33 billion of the original $38 billion in added funds for defense, including $8 billion through the OCO account. 
forces fighting the Islamic State, $406 million to train and equip Syrian opposition forces and $300 million for lethal weapons for Ukraine. 
I am especially pleased that S. 1356 incorporates three amendments that I successfully offered to the FY2016 NDAA passed by the House earlier this year. 
provides guidance to Secretary of Defense on identifying HBCUs and minority serving institutions to assist them in developing and enhancing science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) capacities is incorporated in Section 233 of new NDAA Conference Agreement: 
HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MINORITY SERVING INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION 
requires the Department of Defense to evaluate commercial offtheshelf business systems for security, resilience, reliability, interoperability, and integration with existing interrelated systems is incorporated in Section 883 of new NDAA Conference Agreement: 
issue guidance for major automated information systems acquisition programs to promote the use of best acquisition, contracting, requirement development, systems engineering, program management, and sustainment practices, including— 
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, let me again express my appreciation to Chairman T HORN BERRY and Ranking Member, and the conferees for their work on this NDAA Conference Agreement, including the provisions incorporating the JACKSON LEEamendments. 
Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD . Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the revised Fiscal Year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). Although I am disappointed that the bill does not resolve the important issues of transporting and relocating Guantanamo Bay prisoners, the legislation does help our Armed Forces keep Americans safe in the face of new emerging threats in an increasingly unstable world. 
This NDAA supports the fight against the Islamic State, and also supports efforts to counter Russia’s aggression in Ukraine. In addition, this bill includes a muchdeserved 1.3% pay raise for all military personnel, as well as measures that seek to improve mental health care services for our servicemen and women. 
brinksmanship that defined many previous legislative battles. Instead, the bill reflects the bipartisan spirit of our recently enacted twoyear budget agreement, which raises spending on both defense and nondefense priorities, and does so without relying on any gimmicks. The terms of this NDAA will enable our Armed Forces to do the longterm planning they need to bring peace and stability to our globe. 
NDAA because it funneled $38 billion through the overseas contingency operations emergency fund to cover our basic defense needs. That kind of accounting trickery is gone from this bill. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 1356, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 370, nays 58, not voting 5, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar 
Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey 
Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Capuano Carson (IN) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver DeSaulnier Duncan (TN) Ellison Farr Fudge Grayson Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Honda Huffman Jones Kennedy Kildee Labrador Lee Lewis Lofgren Lowenthal Maloney, 
Napolitano Nolan Payne Pocan Polis Rangel Rohrabacher Sanford Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Swalwell (CA) Takano Van Hollen Vela´zquez 
LEWIS, NOLAN, and Ms. LEE changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
YOUNG of Iowa, TONKO, HUELSKAMP, KEATING, and Ms. KELLY of Illinois changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 512 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill, H.R. 22. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, with Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 22 printed in part B of House Report 114–326 offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) had been disposed of. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 326 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 18 by Mr. N EUGE BAUER of Texas. 
the minimum time for any electronic vote in this series. 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 176, noes 251, not voting 6, as follows: [Roll No. 619] 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 246, noes 178, not voting 9, as follows: 
Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy 
Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 235, noes 192, not voting 6, as follows: 
Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hardy Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGE BAUER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 354, noes 72, not voting 7, as follows: 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao 
Vargas Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Carson (IN) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cummings Davis (CA) Deutch Doggett Edwards Engel Farr Fattah Fudge Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Langevin Lee Lewis Lofgren Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Lummis McNerney Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Pallone Payne Pelosi Pingree Price (NC) Rangel 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takano Tonko Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Chair, I had intended to vote ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall No. 662. 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and, pursuant to House Resolution 512, he reported the Senate amendment, as amended by House Resolution 507, back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is ordered on the amendments. 
the question on adoption of the amendments will be put en gros. 
The question is on the amendments. The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 363, noes 64, not voting 6, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan 
Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) 
Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Benishek Blackburn Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Carney Clawson (FL) Coffman Culberson Delaney DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Gosar Grijalva 
Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Labrador Lamborn Lummis Lynch Marchant McClintock Meadows Mulvaney Neal Nugent Palmer Pearce Poe (TX) 
Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Rohrabacher Roskam Rouzer Salmon Sanford Schakowsky Schweikert Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Tipton Weber (TX) Williams Wilson (SC) Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to section 6 of House Resolution 512, a motion that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the text of 
and a motion that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the title of H.R. 22 is adopted. 
THE SENATE TO MAKE A TECHNICAL CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF S. 1356 
send to the desk a concurrent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
the bill S. 1356, the Secretary of the Senate shall correct the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016—VETO MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
notwithstanding the order of the House of October 21, 2015, I ask unanimous consent that the veto message of the President on the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, together with the accompanying bill, be referred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
ON H.R. 22, SURFACE TRANSPORTATION REAUTHORIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 512, I offer a motion. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 22), with the House amendment to the Senate 
amendment thereto, insist on the House amendment, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, this motion is to authorize a conference on H.R. 22. This bill helps improve our Nation’s transportation infrastructure. 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the motion. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 371, noes 54, not voting 8, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David 
Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Carney Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Delaney DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Fleming Flores Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Gosar 
Grothman Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Jones Jordan Labrador Lummis Massie Meadows Mulvaney Neugebauer Palmer 
Pittenger Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Roskam Rouzer Salmon Sanford Schweikert Smith (TX) Stutzman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
the part of the House at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 22 be instructed to— 
amendment that establish the total amount of funding to be provided for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 out of the Highway Trust Fund for surface transportation programs; and 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XXII, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) 
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) each will control 30 minutes. 
make some hard choices. As a result, highway, transit, and safety programs have limped along with flat funding. States and transit authorities have been unable to plan major, longterm projects as they watch this Congress extend these programs for a few months at a time, often waiting until midnight of the next government shutdown, and then extend them again with shortterm patches. 
these highway and public transit investments, has not been raised in 22 years. Its purchasing power has fallen 40 percent. 
allowing policy amendments to be offered to the bill, let us all recognize that the Republican leadership blocked every single proposed amendment regarding the funding inadequacies in this bill. 
wealth of options to fund the program: increasing the gas tax; using repatriated revenue to increase investment in the United States; creating a bipartisan, bicameral task force to address the shortfall in the highway trust fund; and simply indexing the gas tax to account for the cost of inflation. 
Regrettably, the Republican leadership, despite all the pledges of openness, would not let this House debate even a single proposal to address the shortfall in the highway trust fund. Mr. Speaker, we can do better. 
conferees that recognizes that we are woefully underinvesting in our Nation’s infrastructure. This motion instructs conferees to adopt the higher funding levels for highway, transit and highway safety programs that are contained in the bipartisan Senate DRIVE Act. The DRIVE Act provides $342 billion over 6 years. That is $17 billion more than the House bill. 
more than the House bill over 6 years to reconstruct our highways and rebuild our crumbling bridges. This small increase only begins to deal with the 147,000 structurally deficient or functionally obsolete bridges in our country. That is, by the way, one out of every four bridges. 
This funding will only begin to address the twothirds of the Nation’s roads that are in less than good condition. 
over 6 years for local transit agencies to help more people move safely to their jobs. This small increase will only begin to address the $86 billion state of good repair backlog that exists nationwide for our local transit agencies. 
public transit trips. Mr. Speaker, many of these were on systems that were built a century ago. 
around our country. It affects 42 percent of America’s major roads and costs our economy $121 billion a year. The status quo funding in the House bill will only worsen the congestion in our cities and suburbs. 
the trust fund from a number of places. There could be higherthananticipated vehicle miles traveled. There could be a bigger infusion into the trust fund from a subsequent act of Congress. 
trust fund exceeding the estimated receipts for the most recently completed year, program levels would automatically be adjusted by the additional amount at the beginning of the next fiscal year. This ensures that any additional funds that Congress makes available can quickly flow to States to invest in badly needed infrastructure projects. 
additional funding proportionately to each of the highway transit and safety programs funded in the highway trust fund authorized in the final conference report. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the motion to instruct. The STRR Act act is a bipartisan bill that reflects the input of Members from both sides of the aisle. It has been a carefully crafted compromise. This motion would threaten that compromise and dismantle the bipartisan House position as we head into negotiations with the Senate. 
that provides needed certainty for States and local governments. It helps improve our Nation’s transportation infrastructure and maintains a strong commitment to safety, but it also provides important reforms that help us continue to do the job more effectively. 
refocus our transportation programs on national priorities, promote innovation to make our surface transportation system programs work better, provide greater flexibility for State and local governments to address their needs, streamline the Federal bureaucracy, accelerate the project approval process, and facilitate the flow of freight and commerce. 
role in providing a strong national transportation system, which enables our country to remain economically competitive and helps ensure our quality of life. 
have received nearly 300 letters of support from throughout the stakeholder community, so I would urge all Members to oppose the gentleman’s motion. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ), 
who is our ranking member on the Subcommittee for Highways and Transit. 
for the DRIVE Act funding, the small amount of increased funding in conference. But I do want to thank Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, Subcommittee Chair G RAVES , and 
all of the Members and staff who contributed to the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act that has brought us to this point. 
Of course, many of us wanted to invest even more in desperately needed transportation and infrastructure projects. However, we simply can’t wait any longer to address the crumbling roads, bridges, and transit systems that Americans depend on every day. 
While we will continue to press Congress to make more funding available in future years, I support moving this bill to conference as a means of providing necessary funding and certainty to our States and local partners for the next 6 years. 
a most imperfect bill—it is encouraging that we were able to get together 
on both sides of the aisle to come together as a model for how we should proceed in the future. 
highway trust fund and allow critical projects to move forward around the country. Now, as we move to conference, I will continue to work with Ranking Member DEFAZIO and our Republican counterparts to see this bill across the finish line. 
for our roads, bridges, and transit systems is just beginning. This bill is a good bridge to the future, but we must work diligently to identify and secure additional sources of revenue in coming years. 
path to higher investment levels. I look forward to working with the Senate to produce a comprehensive bill for the President to sign. 
Again, I want to thank all the Members that have worked on this bill. I know that the two Members on the floor here are valued members of the committee. 
Again, I oppose the instruction because I believe it really—we have got a delicate balance here; and a strong position moving into the Senate to get this over the goal line and get ourselves a longterm, multiyear highway transportation bill is just something that I think we all want. It is all good for the country. 
points on the funding of it. As soon as we get this bill passed, on the President’s desk and signed, we have really got to sit down with the stakeholder community and Members on both sides of the aisle, both sides of the Capitol, people around the States, and figure out a way to move forward in the future to have a fully funded, robust transportation highway trust fund. 
So again, I appreciate what the gentleman is saying, but, again, at this point, I urge opposition to this motion to instruct. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully request an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion to instruct will be followed by a 5minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 179, nays 239, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 625] 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter 
Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
STIVERS, DIAZBALART, CHAFFETZ, COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, ROKITA, FRELINGHUYSEN, RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. GRANGER, and Mr. BISHOP of Utah changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
No. 625, on the motion to instruct conferees on H.R. 22 by Mr. HUFFMAN of California, I 
was unavoidably detained and unable to cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, November 5, 2015, I was absent from the House due to illness. Due to my absence, I am not recorded on any legislative measures for the day. I would like the record to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative business. 
‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 618, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, as amended. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 619, the 
Schakowsky of Illinois Amendment to Senate Adt. to the Text. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 620, the 
Mullin of Oklahoma Amendment to Senate Adt. to the Text. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 621, the 
Burgess of Texas Amendment to Senate Adt. to the Text. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 622, the 
Neugebauer of Texas Amendment to Senate Adt. to the Text. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 623, the 
Adoption of the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 22. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 624, the 
Motion to go to Conference on the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 22. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 625, the 
Motion to Instruct Conferees on the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 22. 
4th and 5th, I missed the following votes due to a medical emergency. If I would have been present, I would have voted: 
On vote No. 607, on agreeing to the Perry 
Mulvaney Amendment Part B Number 2, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mulvaney Amendment Part B Number 3, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mulvaney Amendment Part B Number 4, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mulvaney Amendment Part B Number 5, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mulvaney Amendment Part B Number 6, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On vote No. 614, on agreeing to the Royce 
On vote No. 616, on agreeing to the Westmoreland Amendment, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On vote No. 617, on agreeing to the Young 
On vote No. 618, on Motion to Suspend the 
Rules and Pass S. 1365 as Amended, I would voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On vote No. 619, on agreeing to the Schakowsky Amendment, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On vote No. 620, on agreeing to the Mullin 
On vote No. 621, on agreeing to the Burgess Amendment, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On vote No. 622, on agreeing to the Neugebauer Amendment I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On vote No. 623, on Agreeing to Amendments En Gros, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On vote No. 624, on Motion to go to Conference, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On vote No. 625, on Motion to Instruct Conferees, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of 
the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
H.R. 22, SURFACE TRANSPORTATION REAUTHORIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2015 
objection, the Chair appoints the following conferees on H.R. 22: 
From the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for consideration of the House amendment and the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
Messrs. SHUSTER , D UNCAN of Tennessee, G RAVES of Missouri, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Messrs. C RAWFORD , 
DENHAM , R IBBLE , P ERRY , W OODALL , 
KATKO , BABIN, HARDY , GRAVES of Louisiana, D EFAZIO, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N ADLER, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. E DDIE 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will announce the appointment of additional conferees at a subsequent time. 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, AND COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignations as a member of the Committee on the Budget, the Committee on Small Business, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: 
to the Committee on Ways and Means, this letter is to inform you that I resign my seats on the Committees on the Budget, Small Business, and Transportation and Infrastructure. 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO A CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
of the Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Resolved, That the following named Members be, and are hereby, elected to the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: 
of Texas, Chair, and Mr. Rice of South Carolina. 
unanimous consent to remove my name from H.R. 3403 as a cosponsor. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
FINANCIAL SERVICES TO HAVE UNTIL 6 P.M. ON MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 2015, TO FILE REPORTS ON H.R. 1737, H.R. 3189, AND H.R. 1210 
Ms FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Financial Services may, at any time before 6 p.m. on Monday, November 9, 2015, file reports to accompany H.R. 1737, H.R. 3189, and H.R. 2010. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
desk a privileged concurrent resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
Senate concurring), That when the House adjourns on any legislative day from Thursday, November 5, 2015, through Thursday, November 12, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned until 2 p.m. on Monday, November 16, 2015, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. 
after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolution. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mary Louise Roberts’ father died during the Depression, she worked in a laundry, then she trained as a nurse. After Pearl Harbor, she joined the Army. 
Anzio, Italy, to set up a field hospital on the battlefield. The hospital tent was bombed, killing three nurses. Three days later, German artillery killed two more nurses. As shrapnel tore through the burning tent, Mary Roberts calmly supervised surgeries on wounded soldiers. 
Anzio,’’ and was the first woman to win the Silver Star. 
do is open the newspaper to see the cruelest kind of barbarism has been reborn in the world—ISIS burns people alive and sells women in slave markets in Syria and Iraq. 
Mary Roberts and all our veterans, and, by the grace of God, offer a prayer of thanks for the soldiers whose courage keeps us safe at home, every day. 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
honor my friend William C. Waggoner, a legendary union leader and a tireless advocate for the hardworking men and women who have built this country. 
Mr. Waggoner first joined the Operating Engineers in 1951, and he rose through the ranks to occupy the highest office in the local union, business manager, which is the position he held for 40 years. While there, he established the cuttingedge Crane Operators Training program, which became the model nationwide. 
for workers and their families. He believes in fairness above all and has consistently pushed for safety in the workplace, for fair wages and benefits, and for the right to collectively bargain. 
Away from the union hall, he remains devoted to his wife, Patty, and his family, and he is committed to his community of Long Beach, California. Many Little League Baseball players and children with special needs have 
service, congratulate him on a career well spent, and wish him the best in retirement. 
are welcome anytime in Las Vegas—a proud union town. 
address the House for one minute, and to revise and extend my remarks. 
Waggoner, a legendary union leader and tireless advocate for the hard working men and women who built this country. 
Bill first joined the International Union of Operating Engineers in 1951 and immediately rose through the ranks, starting as a bulldozer operator before becoming a Foreman, Steward, Advisory Board Member, Business Representative, and District Representative for Southern Nevada and Orange County. In 1970 he was elected as President of IUOE Local 12, and in 1976 he was named to the highest office in the local union, Business Manager, a position he held for 40 years. 
Health & Welfare, VacationHoliday, and Apprenticeship Trusts, and established stateof theart training centers, including the cutting edge Crane Operators Training Program, which has become the model for all crane training in the nation. 
In addition to his work with IUOP Local 12, 
Bill served as a Vice President of the California Federation of Labor, General Vice President of the International Operating Engineers, and President of the Western Conference of Operating Engineers. 
Bill is known far and wide as a fighter for 
workers and their families. He believes in fairness above all. As his adversaries will tell you, he is an outstanding negotiator, always keeping the concerns and rights of his members at the forefront. He has consistently pushed for safety in the workplace, fair wages and benefits, and the right to collectively bargain. 
Away from the union hall, Bill remains devoted to his wife Patty and his family and committed to his local community of Long Beach, California. Many Little League Baseball players and children with special needs have greatly benefited from his generosity. His awards are too numerous to mention but I know he is especially proud of being named ‘‘Man of the Year’’ by the KernInyo Mono Counties Building Trades Council. 
the California Labor Federation, said Bill ‘‘represents the finest traditions of the American Labor Movement.’’ I could not agree more. He has been there for me throughout my political career and for the working families I proudly represent. 
congratulate him on a career well spent; and wish him the best in his retirement. Don’t be a stranger, Wag. You’re always welcome in Las Vegas, a strong union town. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, on November 11, Veterans Day, we will honor and remember the efforts of those who serve our country. We owe it to our veterans to keep the promises made to them when they first joined the military. 
to increase efficiency and care at the VA, we are still suffering from a lack of transparency that makes it very difficult to determine what actions still need to be taken to ensure quality, timely care for our veterans. Now we have learned that there are over 140 investigations by the inspector general that were hidden. These investigations were shelved; they were not made available to the public or to Congress. 
That is why I am supporting bipartisan legislation, the Veterans Care and Reporting Enforcement Act, which will require reports from the investigations by the inspector general to be made public, to be made available to Congress. 
I want to thank my Minnesota colleagues, Congressmen TOMEMMER and 
forward. It will go a long way toward making the VA more accountable so that our veterans get the care that they deserve. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
year, when an energy capacity auction increased certain rates in my region from $1 billion to $3 billion, I asked the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to take a close look at those prices and determine whether they were set fairly for consumers. 
four sitting Commissioners and deadlocked at 2–2. That meant that rates went into effect ‘‘by operation of law,’’ and consumers were left with no avenue to appeal. 
To me, that is unacceptable; so I introduced the Fair RATES Act to ensure that ratepayers are guaranteed an opportunity to have their voices heard. 
Unfortunately, last week, Commissioner Philip Moeller stepped down— again, leaving FERC with just four Commissioners. Without a confirmation or even a nomination for a fifth Commissioner in sight, we find ourselves in the same situation. FERC is, once again, reviewing rising rates in my region and, once again, is at risk of a deadlock that would leave consumers holding the bag. 
RATES today. Since last year’s auction, our rates have jumped another billion dollars, and $3 billion is too steep an increase for my constituents to pay just because Congress will not act. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
the floor today to commend my colleagues in the House for passing a second National Defense Authorization Act, or the NDAA. 
The President’s decision to veto Congress’ first NDAA was nothing more than a cheap, political ploy, and it marked the first time a President vetoed the NDAA for nonpolicy reasons. 
expand Fort Gordon to accommodate future growth, and it authorizes defense projects at the Savannah River Site, including the MOX program. 
Cybersecurity is critical to the future of international warfare, and its future home in the Army is in Augusta, Georgia, at Fort Gordon. This legislation responsibly prepares Fort Gordon to house the Army Cyber Command and to protect our Nation from cyber threats in the coming years. I was happy to work with many members of the Armed Services Committee to maintain the authorization for these important programs. 
veto, we again fulfilled our duty to support our troops and their families, who sacrifice so much to protect our Nation. 
House will be leaving today. Members will be going back to their districts. We leave after some dramatic changes have taken place in the House. 
past couple of weeks. There is a new, open process we have heard about. We saw much more debate this week. These are changes that affect this institution; but there is one thing that has not changed: Members of this House will be going home this weekend without this House or our committees having had any opportunity to debate ways to stop the spread of gun violence. 
We are going to return home to environments where gun violence continues to plague every corner of this country; yet we cannot even have the debate here. Not only can’t we have the debate, but, since 1996, there has been a prohibition on even having a study about the effects of gun violence in our communities. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to stop 
putting our heads in the sand. Congress must act. We must take our responsibilities seriously to address headon the scourge of gun violence. We can do something about it, and it is time that we do. HONORING OUR NATION’S 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, next Wednesday, we will observe Veterans Day, which is dedicated to the brave men and women who have served in our Armed Forces. 
things we can do is to instill respect and honor among our Nation’s young people for our servicemen and women. As a part of the Veterans Day activities, the elementary school students in my hometown of Howard will learn about the contributions made by our veterans both in harm’s way and here at home. 
important, it is also essential to make sure our veterans have the services and the support that they need. This weekend, I will be speaking with a group that is actively involved in caring for our wounded vets: the Disabled American Veterans chapter, or DAV, in Warren, Pennsylvania. The DAV provides a wide range of services, from transporting the veterans to doctors’ appointments to emphasizing the need for better care, both medically and for behavior health services. 
need to strive to make sure we remember the contributions that these men and women make every day of the year. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to address an issue that touches veterans in hundreds of congressional districts across this Nation. 
archives facility destroyed as many as 18 million official military records. This loss has made it incredibly difficult for many veterans to prove the details of their service, and it has even prevented some from getting the benefits that they deserve. In the year since the fire, some affected files have been painstakingly reconstructed by using unofficial pieces of information, including postmarked letters and photographs, but this process can be confusing, time consuming, and costly to the veteran. 
been established to assist these veterans—whose files were lost by no fault of their own—in reassembling their records. We simply must do better. That is why I have introduced the Veterans Record Reconstruction Act: to establish a clear set of guidelines for reconstructing a veteran’s service record when it has been damaged or destroyed. As we commemorate Veterans Day 
this next week, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense, straightforward bill so that every veteran has the opportunity to receive the benefits he or she has earned. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the White House Initiative on Education Excellence for Hispanics and to recognize the bright spots that have been identified in Florida’s 26th Congressional District. 
to address educational disparities faced by Hispanic students. As part of the 25th anniversary celebration, the initiative released the Bright Spots in Hispanic Education catalog to highlight the ongoing efforts in promoting educational achievement. Recognizing these bright spots will encourage collaboration between stakeholders to promote best practices and to develop effective partnerships. 
spots in the district I represent. Congratulations to Florida International University’s Mastery Math Lab and the STEM Transformation Institute. 
tech, individualized approach to improving student performance in mathematics. The STEM Transformation Institute is a multidisciplinary collaboration to research and develops effective approaches to STEM education. Both of these programs have made a substantial impact to the Hispanic community in south Florida. 
other programs in the 26th District that have made commitments as part of the initiative to support educational outcomes for Latinos. These include Achieving Community Collaboration in Education and Student Success, Teach: STEM: Miami, and Experience: STEM: Miami. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
thank you to President Obama for working with us to get a real defense authorization bill and for us to be able to fix the broken defense bill that was passed previously in this House. I was prepared to sustain the veto, but through a very instructive and positive budget resolution that we passed just last week, we have been able to plus up the defense, and we have been able to plus up nondiscretionary defense spending. 
Today, I voted for the defense authorization. Included were amendments that I offered that were sustained in the conference report which require the Department of Defense to conduct outreach programs to assist the concerns of small businesses that are owned and controlled by women, veterans, and socioeconomically disadvantaged minorities. 
provides guidance to the Secretary of Defense in identifying HBCUs and minorityserving institutions and to assist them in developing and enhancing science, technology, engineering, and math, was also kept in the bill. 
Finally, my amendment, which requires the Department of Defense to evaluate commercial, offtheshelf business systems for security, resilience, reliability, interoperability, and integration with existing interrelated systems, was also incorporated. 
defense mechanisms, in providing opportunities for small businesses, and in working with Historically Black Colleges and minorityserving colleges, this bill is a good bill. 
moving the defense bill forward and that we are protecting not only our veterans, but we are protecting the men and women who serve us in the United States military. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in support of creating access to oral health care and to raise awareness for initiatives that deliver important dental services to underserved communities. 
Americans won’t visit a dentist, even though nearly half of the people over 30 suffer from some form of gum disease and an estimated 25 percent of children under the age of 5 already have cavities. 
It is time to take action. That is why the American Dental Association launched Action for Dental Health: Dentists Making a Difference. This initiative is a nationwide, communitybased movement that is focused on delivering care to people who are already suffering from dental disease, and on bringing dental health education and disease prevention into underserved communities. 
Association will transform the Walter E. Washington Convention Center into a Mission of Mercy—a 100chair dental clinic—in order to treat 1,000 adults and children who don’t receive regular dental care. 
like these through H.R. 539, the Action for Dental Health Act, which will help dentists and others improve the health 
of Americans who need it most but without requiring any additional tax dollars. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 539. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise to recognize the Tri Valley YMCA, which on November 6 will be celebrating its 50th anniversary. 
been strengthening the communities of Dublin, Pleasanton, Livermore, and Sunol through its youth development, healthy living, and social responsibility programs. Among these is its work to promote our children’s confidence and relationships, positive leadership, civic engagement, and community compassion. Through child learning centers, camp programs, Youth in Government, and family support programs, the Y is providing enriching education and life experiences for all children and teens in our community. 
One of the most noteworthy commitments of the Y is that all of its programs and activities are open to everyone, regardless of the family’s ability to pay. Led by Executive Director Kelly O’Lague Dulka, the TriValley YMCA has also extended its community giving and distributed nearly $1 million in household supplies last year. 
Beyond personal character development, the Y has become a valuable safety net in my district, nurturing the potential of all children involved in their activities, helping people of all ages improve their health, and providing opportunities for the community to come together and support each other. 
board of directors of the TriValley YMCA for 50 years of selfless giving to our community. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to recognize the inaugural observance of National Apprenticeship Week. Across the United States, hundreds of thousands of apprenticeship programs are helping to prepare workers for today’s highskilled, indemand jobs. 
For far too long, there has been a discrepancy in what students are learning in the classroom and what employers say they need in the workplace. 
that skills gap because they offer students a lowcost and, in many cases, a nocost education that arms them with the knowledge and skills they need to thrive in today’s global economy. Apprentices often earn an average starting salary of $50,000 and go on to make $300,000 more than their nonapprenticeship peers over the course of their career. 
based learning programs are attracting and retaining highly qualified employees. They are also seeing results in the form of increased productivity and greater innovation. 
and I look forward to seeing how these valuable programs continue to strengthen America’s workforce. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to congratulate the 2015 World Series champion, the Kansas City Royals. 
Some of my fondest memories growing up come from listening to the Royals playbyplay on the radio while riding with my dad in his tractor as he plowed our family field at dusk. 
with many exciting moments that will inspire lifelong memories for a new generation. It was particularly exciting 
for my family, as my wife delivered a beautiful baby girl, Eloise Jane, just hours after the Royals’ World Series victory. 
Perhaps the most memorable moment for all of Kansas City was Eric Hosmer making a mad dash home to score in the 17th hour and 38th minute of the World Series, tying game five in New York, which the Royals would eventually go on to win. 
backed by a proud and unified Kansas City, unifying both Kansans and Missourians. And these Royals embodied the Midwestern spirit. They worked hard, played as a team, always hustled, and never gave up. 
House of Representatives, and for the first time since 1985, I would like to say congratulations to the best team in baseball, the Kansas City Royals, and their Most Valuable Player, Salvador Perez. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today on a motion offered pursuant to this order, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, November 9, 2015, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in House Concurrent Resolution 91, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution, and, further, that the order of the House of 
was unavoidably detained on November 2, 2015, through November 3, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Americans are capable of filling the skills gap and finding quality jobs through stakeholderled and accountable workforce development programs has been one of my highest priorities in Washington. 
That is why I was so proud last Congress to see legislation I sponsored, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, or WIOA, enacted into law. WIOA was the first major workforce development legislation to be enacted in more than 15 years and included many vital provisions to modernize, streamline, and localize our workforce development system. 
House earlier today included a frontline workforce development program intended to address human resources needs in public transportation that was not subject to the reforms contained within WIOA. 
In order to ensure that program is assessed consistently with other Federal workforce development programs and targeted to areas that have identified needs in public transportation as part of their broader workforce development programs, I introduced a bipartisan amendment to the highway bill with my colleague from Washington (Ms. DELBENE) that applied WIOA’s 
All of our Federal workforce development programs should be assessed in a consistent manner and be considered as part of an overall package tailored to State and local needs that provide stakeholders on the ground greater input and control. That is why I am also pleased the House adopted our bipartisan amendment as part of the broader transportation package and strengthened the frontline workforce development program in order to better serve the workers who learn skills through the program and those policymakers who evaluate the programs to improve its future outcomes. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) is recognized for the 
remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, everyone has gone back to their offices but you and me, and I appreciate you sticking around to get this hour in. It is not going to be an exciting hour. Ordinarily, I bring down charts and graphs and try to share something in a visual way that folks might not have seen before. Today, it is just words, because words matter. 
this Chamber this fantastic—you have heard me say it—it was a festival of democracy. Every Member who had an amendment, they brought them to the Rules Committee. We made over a hundred of them in order. It has been 3 days, Mr. Speaker, and we passed in a very bipartisan way Federal transportation policy for the first time in more than a decade. Democrats had failed to get it done. Republicans had failed to get it done. 
We, as 435 individual Members representing diverse constituencies across the Nation, came together today and we got it done. They said it wouldn’t be done. Chairman BILLSHUSTER said it 
Something has happened, Mr. Speaker, in this town that has people identifying as Democrats or Republicans first and as Members of this body, of the Article I legislature, second. It is bad. It is bad for the country, and it is bad for the people we represent. It is a bad process. 
talk about today. You can’t see the chart that I have here, but it is a quote from President Obama—you will remember it—back in August of 2013. You will remember we worked together with the President. Nine different times, we repealed portions of the President’s healthcare bill. We repealed them. They were unworkable. He knew it. We knew it. We came together nine times. He signed legislation into law that repealed parts of the President’s healthcare bill. 
were talking about how to come together on some of the bigger problems in the President’s healthcare bill. You remember the mandates were getting ready to go into effect—the business mandates, the individual mandates— and the country wasn’t ready. The country was not ready. We all knew it. Every Member, from left to right, Mr. Speaker, knew it. 
would have been easier for me to simply call up the Speaker and say: You know what? This is a tweak that doesn’t go to the essence of the law. It has to do with, for example, are we able to simplify the attestation of employers to whether they are already providing health insurance or not. It looks like there may be some better ways to do this. Let’s make a technical change to the law. 
that I would prefer to do, but we are not in a normal atmosphere around here when it comes to ObamaCare. 
contentious time trying to solve problems for the American people, again, problems the White House knew existed and problems the Congress knew existed. 
like any time in the past 225 years, I would have called the United States Congress and I would have said: ‘‘Listen, the Constitution gives you Article I powers to legislate, and I need a legislative change made because the law is not working.’’ 
he said he wasn’t going to. He said he was going to go it alone. The disappointment in that decision, in this body, was very partisan, Mr. Speaker. It was very partisan. 
I don’t know how we get past the allegiance to the President because he is from our party. Republicans did this when George Bush was in office. Democrats are doing this when President Obama is in office. It is not about who the President is. It is about what the President does. 
What the President does is implement the laws that we pass. He doesn’t change the laws. And every time we fail on behalf of our constituents to stand together as 435 Representatives of the people and instead become Representatives of the Republican Party or the Democratic Party, we fail America. 
may remember that one. I had just gotten to Congress, Mr. Speaker. I had just gotten to Congress. 
making appointments. As you know, the Advice and Consent Clause of the Constitution says the President can make appointments, but he needs to get the consent of the Senate to do so. Well, the Senate wouldn’t give him consent. 
day, the President went into the Recess Appointments Clause of the Constitution. In fact, we got a big letter from the legal department there at the White House that said he had the powers to pretend that the Senate had adjourned for the session and to go ahead and make appointments anyway. 
President usurping congressional authority was partisan. Republicans said no. Democrats said: Ah, he probably has the right to do it anyway. 
represent. We didn’t stand up for the Constitution we swore to uphold, Mr. Speaker. We divided ourselves by party instead of uniting ourselves on principle. 
Mr. Speaker. The Supreme Court can’t decide on anything unanimously, Mr. Speaker. If the question is: What time are we going to meet today to talk about cases?, it is a 5–4 decision. You know this to be true. 
But the Supreme Court came together in Noel Canning and said: That’s crazy. That’s crazy. The President of the United States can’t just pretend he is king. He is not the king. 
Mr. Speaker, but to quote the Supreme Court decision, they said this: 
clause is not designed to overcome serious institutional friction. It provides a subsidiary method for appointing officials when the Senate is away during a recess. Here, as in other contexts, friction between the branches is an inevitable consequence of our constitutional structure. 
Speaker, is an inevitable consequence of our constitutional structure. That makes me feel good. It makes me feel good because, Mr. Speaker, I go back home all the time and constituents say: ROB, why can’t you get more done? 
this. It is because of this Constitution that says, listen, if Congress is at work, your liberties and your freedoms may be under attack. Right? 
give freedoms back to people. Generally what we do is to restrict freedoms a little bit here. We want it to be slow. Here in the House, we are a little faster. There in the Senate, they are supposed to be a little slower, Mr. Speaker. But it is supposed to be hard. 
It is supposed to be the inevitable consequence of our constitutional structure. 
But, Mr. Speaker, this body—not Republicans in this body, not Democrats in this body—collectively was silent as power flowed down Pennsylvania Avenue, away from the Article I legislature down to the Article II executive. It took the Article III courts, Mr. Speaker, to right our constitutional framework. Shame on us. Shame on us, collectively, for not standing up. 
frustrated by the pace of progress in this town. They are frustrated by what looks like the politics that are being played here, Mr. Speaker, when policy should be our focus. 
I think it is up to us to educate folks, 
to proudly say it is the inevitable consequence of our constitutional structure, but when we stand together—as we have this week on this transportation bill—there is still more that unites us as a country than that divides us. 
Speaker, is one of those areas of overreach that this particular White House is aggressively engaged in. Again, the pushback has been partisan pushback. It has not been Article I legislative pushback, as it should. 
Presidents, Mr. Speaker. I will look at Republican Presidents. I am a Republican. I will look at what it looked like when Republicans were running the show in the White House. 
Richard Nixon, Mr. Speaker. On the creation of the EPA, President Nixon said this: 
The reorganizations which I am here proposing afford both the Congress and the executive branch an opportunity to reevaluate the adequacy of the existing program authorities involved in these consolidations. I look forward to working with the Congress in this task. The Congress, the administration, and the public all share a profound commitment to the rescue of our natural environment. 
comes to the environment, Mr. Speaker. He had a calling. He didn’t say: 
I am the President of the United States. I 
am just going to rewrite the entire environmental code and dictate that it is the law of the land. 
shared American value. It is a shared American value. I am going to go to Congress. I am going to win the votes. We are going to change the law, and we are going to make it so. 
signed into law in 1990 by President George H.W. Bush. He said this: 
Today I am signing S. 1630, a bill to amend 
the Clean Air Act. I take great pleasure in signing it as a demonstration to the American people of my determination that each and every American shall breathe clean air. Passage of this bill is an indication that the Congress shares my commitment to a strong Clean Air Act. How do you know, Mr. Speaker, if 
Congress shares your commitment if you don’t bring the language to Congress to have Congress ratify it? The President can propose all the legislation he wants to. We still have to pass it. If our frustration about results allows us to let folks shortcut the constitutional process, we will all—330 million of us—suffer. 
was trying to raise the gas tax, Mr. Speaker. I talk about that because we were talking about the transportation bill this week and transportation funding this week. He stood on the lawn, Mr. Speaker, there beside the Rose Garden, and he says: 
Reagan talking about doubling taxes in order to build America. America didn’t agree with him; yet, he went out there and sold it. 
How did we get fundamental tax reform in this country, Mr. Speaker, in 1986? The country wasn’t ready for fundamental tax reform. The Congress couldn’t agree on fundamental tax reform. Ronald Reagan took it out there and sold it every single day until he got it done. That is what is supposed to happen. We work together to accomplish these priorities. Past Presidents have done exactly that. 
ago we were in here talking about the President’s overreach on the Department of Labor fiduciary rule. You remember that bill. We had it here on the floor of the House, Mr. Speaker, where the President just decided, through the Department of Labor, that longstanding investment law, as determined by the SEC, was no longer going to be the law of the land, that the Department of Labor was going to take on some new rulemaking authorities in this area. 
changes. Congress didn’t want to make changes. The President said this: 
there is nothing we can do. So we are going to keep pushing for this rule. 
mean come to Congress to sell you and to sell me. Pushing didn’t mean go to 
the United States Senate to build a coalition. Pushing meant ignoring the Congress and going straightaway. 
Mr. Speaker. I point this out as a success because our opposition to this wasn’t partisan. Our opposition to this, Mr. Speaker, was bipartisan. 
Mr. President, don’t go forward. The President drove forward anyway. 
because of my persuasive oratory or even by the strength of this institution. It has been because the American people have spoken. 
President is a good listener. What the President is hearing today is the ends justify the means. I need results. And so however you get those results, Mr. President, I will be behind you. 
Mr. Speaker, because I promise you, whatever is good for Democrats today is going to be bad for Democrats tomorrow. Whatever is bad for Republicans today is going to be good for Republicans tomorrow. 
environment will change. But when you shortcircuit the process, the shortcircuiting lasts forever. We change expectations of the American people. We change expectations of what the Constitution means, Mr. Speaker. I applaud 90 of my Democratic colleagues standing with this Congress saying: 
that I am just coming up with out of thin air. When the President wasn’t President Obama, when he was Senator Obama, he had these same concerns. 
about overreaches of President George Bush. Oftentimes he spoke out alone. Republicans weren’t standing with him to speak out because it was a Republican President. 
President. So even if he is coloring outside the lines a little bit, it is probably important to the country that he do so. That is a failure. That is a failure because our primary job here is not to be Republicans and Democrats. Our primary job here is to be Article I Representatives of the American people. 
The President said this on immigration. He’s talking at a Univision townhall meeting in 2011, Mr. Speaker. He said: 
decisions, for example, to emphasize enforcement on those who have engaged in criminal activity. 
advocate and propose legislation that would change the law. 
him to do what he could as the executive to change immigration law, and he would say: 
Listen, I’m not the king. I am the President. The Congress has to change the laws. I can only enforce the laws. 
every time that he said that. The administration can propose, but we have to implement. 
question my authority to make our immigration system work better or question the 
wisdom of my acting where Congress has failed, I have but one answer: Pass a bill. 
In the meantime, I am just going to do 
That is the opposite of the ‘‘I am just 
a bill sitting here on Capitol Hill’’ song that we all learned as children, Mr. Speaker. The bill comes first. The law change comes last. After the President signs the bill, it becomes the law. We have to propose it first. 
with the President, Mr. Speaker, where he is pushing his immigration agenda, trying to get you to buy in to his bill? The answer is zero because he doesn’t have a bill and he hasn’t been knocking on any of our doors. And my Democratic friends would say the same. 
How many meetings with the President have you had, Mr. Speaker, where the President is trying to persuade you about his fiduciary rule and why that change is important for America and why we should move that bill forward? The answer is zero because he has never come to Capitol Hill to make that pitch. He is not making it to Democrats, and he is not making it to Republicans. He is going it alone. 
come and knocked on your door, Mr. Speaker, to try to sell you on his ozone regulations or his clean energy plan and on and on and on? And the answer is he hasn’t. And we have been complicit in allowing that unilateral action. It is bad for America. It is not the process that our Framers envisioned. 
immigration. It is that same Univision townhall meeting. The question was: 
Mr. President, my question will be as follows. With an executive order, could you be able to stop deportations of students? 
talking about immigration policy today. I am not. Our immigration system is broken. I represent constituents, Mr. Speaker, who have had family members on the list not for 5 years, not for 10 years, not for 15 years, but for 20 
years, and more are standing in line waiting for their chance to come to America. Our system is broken. 
in our district. They can’t get the people they need from their home countries to come and manage those operations. Our system is broken. We all know it. We have a chance to fix it. 
the Congress, he doesn’t fix it. He breaks it further. He says this: 
With respect to the notion that I can just 
suspend deportations through executive order, that is just not the case because there are laws on the books that Congress has passed. And I know that everybody here at Bell is studying hard. So you know that we have got three branches of government. Congress passes the law. The executive branch’s job is to enforce and implement those laws. And then the judiciary has to interpret the laws. 
The President says: There are enough laws on the books by 
Congress, the President says, ‘‘that are very clear in terms of how we have to enforce our immigration system that for me to simply through executive order ignore those congressional mandates would not conform with my appropriate role as President. 
Congress that are very clear in terms of how we have to enforce our immigration system that for me to simply through executive order ignore those constitutional mandates would not conform with my appropriate role as President. 
know that is what he believed in November of 2015. 
4 years? I will tell you. What has happened is we have been silent as a body. We have been vocal as Republicans, we have been vocal as Democrats, but we have been silent as a representative body. 
is our job to legislate and it is our job to rein in those Presidents who would legislate on our behalf. 
What our Framers feared, Mr. Speaker, was an allpowerful executive. That is what they had come from. That is what we should fear today, not a Republican President, not a Democratic President, but an allpowerful President. Congress passes the law. The President enforces them. 
outcome of that overreach, if you want to know where Congress is, again, the President is not on Capitol Hill selling those priorities. He is simply down in the executive branch with a phone and a pen implementing those priorities. But if you want to know what the other two branches of government think, the judiciary said no and the Congress said no. 
the different branches of government are. We have one branch that is saying yes. That is the executive, who has no lawmaking authority whatsoever. We have two branches saying no, the branch that makes the law, which is the legislative branch, and the branch that interprets the law, which is the judiciary branch. 
Chamber, Mr. Speaker. It is always striking to me that what is bipartisan is the opposition to the Presidential overreach. That is what is bipartisan. 
Sometimes the support for it is partisan, with a minority of folks supporting the President on that. It is bipartisan in its—disdain is too strong of a word, Mr. Speaker, but in some ways, it is not strong enough. It is that we owe our constituents better. It is that we owe them better. 
Mr. Speaker, but it is not mine. It is borrowed from the Seventh District of Georgia. It doesn’t belong to me. It belongs to 700,000 folks back home who 
didn’t send me here to satisfy my priorities. They sent me here to satisfy their priorities. 
Speaker, we believe the ends justify the means. I hope that we don’t. I hope that we have not fallen so far, Mr. Speaker, that we now believe the Constitution, the rule book for America, is less important than what the results are. 
Mr. Speaker, knows that, if you have a flawed process, you are going to produce a flawed product. Only with a good process can you produce a good product. The Constitution gives us a good process. When we ignore it, we have a flawed process and a flawed product. 
I will go to the President’s environmental policies, Mr. Speaker. 
I want to make it clear: I represent a 
district that plays outside, I would argue, more than any other district in the country. If you want folks that love clean air and clean water, come down to my part of the world. If you want folks who are stewards of Mother Earth, come down to my part of the world. If want folks who love green space, who love parks, national trailways and bikeways, come down to my part of the world. We love being outside. We will ride a bike. We will push a stroller. We don’t care. We just want to be outside. 
peril. I need you to work with me to solve that problem,’’ I would be the best listener you could imagine. But that is not the way the process is working in the 4
shutting down power plants in the great State of Georgia, Mr. Speaker. It is the position of the administration to protect Mother Earth. We are going to close down the power plants that we have just spent billions of dollars improving to meet the last round of environmental regulation. And then, with those power plants closed down, we are now going to spend billions more to build brandnew facilities to generate electricity. 
I promise you that is not going to result in fewer emissions in the atmosphere than if we let these plants run out their useful life with all of the improvements that have gone upon them. But we didn’t get to vote on that, Mr. Speaker. We didn’t get to vote on that. That was an executive decree. 
Speaker. Well, when it was a bill, we rejected it. It is the initiative from the White House that said the framework we have had in this country for 100 years of the Federal Government controlling navigable waterways and the State governments controlling the other waterways is gone. 
If a drop of water falls, it is now the 
Federal Government’s responsibility to regulate. Why? Because, apparently, we can’t be trusted back in Georgia to 
continental divide. We have built a billiondollar water treatment plant where we are putting the water back into our local lake cleaner than we took it out. While half the district’s on the other side of the continental divide, we know that the Chattahoochee River Basin is in a water deficit. So we spend beaucoup money pumping the water back up from one side of the continental divide so that we can let it go in the basin that needs the water so badly. 
not stewards with your money. We are not spending somebody else’s money on these projects. We are spending our 
money on these projects because we believe in taking care of America’s natural resources. 
to Congress, not through selling it to the American people, but with a pen and the phone federalized water across the board. Where was the bipartisan outcry? It was lacking. 
Quality Standards, Mr. Speaker. If you are confused, it is that we never got the last round of ozone standards implemented. Those still haven’t gone into effect yet. The President has dropped a new round of ozone standards on America not because Congress worked on it—we didn’t—not because Congress passed something—we didn’t—but because the President thought it was important and he wrote the law for himself. 
Well, it turns out Members of this body said: 
it to go, let me make this pitch to Congress and see if the Congress agrees with the President. 
Clean Power Plan: Rejected. Waters of the U.S.: Rejected. Ozone standards: Rejected. 
on these issues. We have, Mr. Speaker. We have. It is not that the President doesn’t know what the Article I Congress wants. He does. 
I Congress decided. And so he has decided to do it himself. And we have been complicit in allowing that to happen. It is not even we, the 435 of us, Mr. Speaker. It is we, the 320 million of us. And there is going to be a price to pay for that. 
these issues. It is not as if folks in this body don’t care. They care deeply. 
doing some rules on his own, we need to come back and review those after the fact in Congress. 
We had the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act for those jurisdictions like mine where the local governments are 
taking such good care of our natural resources, trying to protect their right to continue to protect our local natural resources. It passed 261–155. 
since you told us to spend billions to make these power plants workable for the next generation. Now you are telling us we have to close these power plants. 
for America to get clean energy. It can’t possibly be the right way to be stewards of taxpayer dollars. We passed that bill 247–180. 
We have got to get together on the science. 
If we can’t figure out what the facts are, we are never going to agree on what the solution is. So let’s have a standard for what good science looks like that we can all rally together around. 
about where the Congress is on this issue. The President is not confused about where the Congress is on this issue. The President believes the ends justify the means. 
Article II: The White House enforces the law. Article II: The judiciary interprets the law. 
do a little interpreting. It had a chance to look at the Waters of the U.S. and the clean water issue, and the court said this. This is the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals: 
What is of greater concern to us in balancing the harms is the burden potentially visited nationwide on governmental bodies, State and Federal, as well as on private parties, and the impact on the public in general implicated by the rule’s redrawing of jurisdictional lines over certain of the Nation’s waters. 
about the impact on America. I want the court to be worried about what the law of the land is. I want the Congress to be worried about the impact on America. I want the President to be listening to Congress and enforcing the laws that Congress passed. 
Mr. President, you have gone a bit to too 
caused by this rule’s definitional changes counsel strongly in favor of maintaining the status quo for the time being. 
says the detrimental impact of this new rule that Congress has never seen, except in the form that we rejected it, the damage to America is so severe, we are going to issue an injunction to prevent the President from going forward. 
have nine Justices in robes running the United States of America. Americans 
law and they elected a Congress to write the law. We should be doing that together. We found ourselves powerless in doing that, asking the courts to solve that issue instead. 
the integrity of the Nation’s waters will suffer imminent injury if a new scheme is not immediately implemented. 
I don’t know what it is the President is 
trying to solve here, but there is no harm coming. There is time to sort this out. 
Now, they mean time to sort it out in 
the courts. What about time to sort it out in the Congress, Mr. Speaker? 
Who is it who loves the Waters of the 
U.S. bill? If they do, they should come and make their pitch. The President should come and make his pitch. When was the last time you saw him on the TV selling the Waters of the U.S. bill, Mr. Speaker? The answer is that you haven’t seen him on TV selling it. He is not selling it. He is just doing it. 
ozone standards? The answer is that he is not selling it. He is just doing it. And the list goes on. 
get out there and sell it. Your job as President isn’t just to do it. Your job as President is to get the Congress to allow you to do it, to sell the American people, who will sell the Congress, who will change the law of the land. 
know Laurence Tribe. He is a Harvard law professor. In fact, he was President Obama’s constitutional law professor. I would not call him a conservative by any stretch of the word, at least not in political terms, but perhaps constitutionally. 
has brazenly rewritten the history of an obscure section of the 1970 Clean Air Act. Frustration with congressional inaction cannot justify throwing the Constitution overboard to rescue this lawless EPA proposal. 
that rationale. This isn’t something that has snuck up on us here in the past few weeks, here in the past few months, here in the past few years. 
We have misunderstood it. And apparently, 45 years ago, we absolutely made an effort, through Congress and the White House, to give the President the authority, in fact, the obligation, to rewrite America’s energy laws in this fashion. 
a constitutional law professor. Frustration with congressional inaction cannot justify throwing the Constitution overboard to rescue this lawless EPA proposal. I get the frustration with congressional inaction. Mr. Speaker, I get it. If we had frustration meters around here, mine would be ticking up near the top. But my experience is, the way to address that frustration isn’t to take my toys and go home. The way to address that frustration is to find somebody on the other side of the aisle who I think I can trust, who I think I can talk to, who I think I can listen to, and to work together to find an answer, to work together to find a solution. 
What is absent in all of these proposals that I have listed, Mr. Speaker, is anyone working together to make this proposal the law of the land. The only working together that is happening, Mr. Speaker, are folks working together to prevent these proposals from being the law of the land. 
Process matters. Process matters. Mr. Speaker, I am going to finish 
close to where I began. I was a new Congressman, had just been elected, 700,000 people in the great State of Georgia counting on me to be their voice, counting on me to succeed on their priorities. 
You know what? I have been trying to get 
the people I want appointed to a board, and the Senate won’t do what I want them to do; and because the Senate won’t do what I want them to do, I am going to do it by myself. 
The House won’t do what I want it to do, so I am going to take my toys and go home. The House won’t do what I want it to do, so I am going to gum up the works and shut down the process. The House won’t do what I want it to. 
democracy, nobody does what you want him to do, Mr. Speaker. You have got to go out and find 51 percent of America to agree with you, and that is when you get things done. 
policies, though I disagree with him on them. I fault him for implementing those policies unilaterally, unconstitutionally, instead of going out and selling America on them. 
institution, Mr. Speaker. If you have the votes, you don’t have to fuss about it. 
gnashing of teeth, tearing of clothes, selfflagellation going on here on the floor on a regular basis. If you have the votes, you don’t have to make a scene. You have just got to go out and win the votes. You just have to go out and win the argument. If you win the argument, the law will change. 
Mr. Speaker, America works. America works. The Constitution works. You just have to follow it. You just have to believe in it. You have to believe in the Constitution. You have to believe in the American people that it governs. 
White House and its entire legal team that crafted a toocutebyhalf explanation of why this was all going to be okay and roses and sunshine, hunky dory, 9–0 the Court said no. No, that is not what the President does. That is not what the White House does. That is not what you are allowed to do in America. Regardless, the Supreme Court says the Recess Appointments Clause is not designed to overcome serious institutional friction. 
Mr. Speaker, we have serious institutional friction. I don’t bemoan this. I celebrate it. I think friction was part of the process. It turns out the Court agrees with me. 
a subsidiary method for appointing officials when the Senate is away during a recess; hence, the term ‘‘Recess Appointments Clause.’’ 
contexts, Mr. Speaker—are all of these other issues the Court now has on their plate from executive overreach. Here, as in another contexts, friction between the branches is an inevitable consequence of our constitutional structure. 
Mr. Speaker, I am just one vote in a 
435Member institution, but my constituents would place that one vote on the side of being the Article I legislature rather than on the side of being the best Republican America has ever seen. My constituents would ask me to place that vote on the side of being the legislative branch, that institution from which the ideas percolate, that part of the U.S. House that is closest to the American people. They would ask me to pledge to be a part of this institution, not the Republican National Committee, not the National Republican Congressional Committee, not the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, not the Democratic National Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, we have an amazing opportunity and a solemn obligation in this institution. My commitment is to be a good listener to all the policy concerns my colleagues have on the other side of the aisle. 
I may not agree with you, but I will give you a chance to sell me. 
But we have to be united on behalf of 
all of our constituents back home in saying that the Constitution gives only one branch the ability to write the law, and that is the Article I legislature. 
Speaker, we do so at our own peril, at our institutional peril. When the President ignores the Congress, he does so at his own peril, at executive branch 
I was on the elevator with one of the 
great leaders of this institution, Mr. Speaker, Mr. John Dingell out of Michigan, and he was on the elevator. A young Democrat climbed on the elevator with him. The young Democrat was complaining that he didn’t have a personal relationship with the President. He said: I don’t get to see enough of the President. The President is not on Capitol Hill enough. 
what you wish for. Remember LBJ. We had LBJ over at the Library of Congress, a book study just this week. 
Different Presidents handle their relationship with Congress in different ways. Some are involved too much, some are involved not enough, but everyone is involved. 
battle of ideas, not a battle of ideologies. This is supposed to be a battle of policy, not a battle of partisans. 
to succeed on behalf of folks back home; and I will tell you, it is an opportunity that we are losing when we unite ourselves based on red and blue as opposed to uniting ourselves based on Article I and Article II. 
encourage you to join with me and 69 of our colleagues, a total of 70 already, who have signed on to cosponsor H.R. 381, the Return to Prudent Banking Act. This bipartisan bill would restore the provisions of the GlassSteagall banking law that separated prudent banking from wild speculation in the financial realm. 
the day, that Congress repealed the GlassSteagall Act in 1999, bestowing on financial institutions and investment firms the ability to put the life savings and deposits of the American people at greater risk. 
I was one of the 57 Members of this 
Congress who voted against that repeal of GlassSteagall. At that time, my colleagues and I were told by Wall Street that the banks were strangled by outdated restrictions, that the repeal was a modern experiment in deregulation; so Congress repealed this bedrock law, over our objections. 
Look where that decision took America. We witnessed a terrible market crash in 2008; now, slow growth and the outrageous enormous accumulation of banking assets in a handful of institutions like JP Morgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America. They are raking in recordshattering profits while paying depositors almost nothing on their interest or on certificates of deposit as wages for workingclass Americans continue to flatline. 
served our country well. It laid the foundation for an unprecedented half century without financial panics or crises. Just as important, it contributed to a rightsized banking system focused on serving our economy and society as a whole rather than enriching itself at everyone else’s expense. 
This Congress must reinstate the regulatory prudence of the GlassSteagall Act. Without these proper safeguards, 
it is only a matter of time before Wall Street’s greedy operatives once again steer the American economy over the precipice. 
cosponsor H.R. 381, the Return to Prudent Banking Act of 2015. Help restore prudence, discipline, and sanity to our financial system and, in turn, real economic growth to America. 
PROVIDING FOR AN ADJOURNMENT OR RECESS OF THE TWO HOUSES 
to the desk a privileged concurrent resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Senate concurring), That when the House adjourns on any legislative day from Thursday, November 5, 2015, through Thursday, November 12, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned until 2:00 p.m. on Monday, November 16, 2015, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first; and that when the Senate recesses or adjourns on any day from Tuesday, November 10, 2015, through Friday, November 13, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand recessed or adjourned until noon on Monday, November 16, 2015, or such other time on that day as may be specified by its Majority Leader or his designee in the motion to recess or adjourn, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 3 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. 
after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today on a motion offered pursuant to this order, it adjourn to meet at 3 p.m. on Monday, November 9, 2015, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in House Concurrent Resolution 92, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
POLIQUIN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) 
want to commend my friend from Georgia. He speaks eloquently. 
I hated to lose dear friend, John Linder, from here in this body. He was a brilliant man, with great class. But since he is gone, I am delighted to have ROBWOODALL here in his stead—just 
clearthinking, articulate, and makes the case that the American people need to hear. 
the American people need to hear, this is November 5, 2015. It was November 5, 2009, when a major in the United States Army at Fort Hood, Texas, killed Americans. 
that he was a ticking time bomb who was going to kill Americans, particularly American soldiers, especially if he were ordered to go overseas because he would much prefer to kill American soldiers than he would go overseas and risk killing a fellow Muslim. 
United States Army, as I was in for 4 years, who had to deal with Major Hasan, it is appalling that political correctness led to this man’s being allowed to remain in the military, ever being promoted, and being assigned to counsel troubled soldiers. Incredible. But political correctness has become more and more prominent. 
Obama had been in office since January of that year. Major Hasan had been in the military during the Bush administration. He should never have been promoted. 
heard about after the fact, but nobody wanted to be the one to stand up and say: ‘‘This man is a threat. He is a radical Islamist. He is a threat not only to the good order and discipline of the United States military, he is a threat to the very lives of our military members.’’ 
victims down at Fort Hood, Texas, before the shooting ever occurred. That is almost unbearable. But what becomes 
later victims of Major Hasan who are still alive are still being mistreated by this administration. 
Jones in the Killeen Daily Herald today in the paper said: ‘‘Six years after the November 5, 2009, shooting at Fort Hood, at least one victim is still fighting for overdue benefits. Former Fort Hood Staff Sergeant Alonzo Lunsford, Jr., said pain, betrayal, disrespect, and patriotism all come to mind when he thinks about that tragic day. He said, ’It is a lot. It is really a lot that goes through my head.’’’ 
Hasan, the Army psychiatrist who opened fire on unsuspecting fellow soldiers at a Fort Hood medical processing building for deploying soldiers. 
torn down. Many of the soldiers who were there have since moved on, are either no longer in the Army or stationed elsewhere. 
the shooting, was found guilty of killing 12 soldiers and 1 civilian on August 23, 2013, following a 12day court martial at Fort Hood. Days later he was sentenced to die and is currently on death row at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, awaiting automatic appeals. 
Mr. Speaker, it took Congress battling and finally putting language in a bill that the Army and the Defense Department finally could not ignore that finally put enough pressure on the Army to do the right thing by these victims, and that is—for Heaven’s sake, they were victims of an attack in the war against America by radical Islam. 
East, leaders in the Middle East who are Muslims, have asked on different visits I have had in the Middle East: Why is it that this administration does not understand radical Islamists, particularly the Muslim Brotherhood, is at war with the United States? You keep helping the people who are at war with you, the Muslim Brotherhood. 
East. Muslims over there scratch their heads—moderate Muslims—and wonder what is wrong with America. 
the shooting 6 years ago today when the Purple Hearts were finally awarded. A number of us were there from Congress because it was an important day and they needed to know Members of Congress do care. 
of this body and all of those within it who recognize the loss and the sacrifice occurred at the hands of someone who is at war with the United States, a part of the bigger radical Islamist movement. 
about and talk about the violations of the Iran treaty—yes, it is a treaty, despite the Senate’s unwillingness to call it what it is and the administration obviously won’t call it what it is—but the violations of the Iran treaty by Iran are still resulting in this administration’s sending billions and billions and billions and billions of dollars to people who want to kill us and to eliminate our way of life. 
sending billions and billions and billions of dollars to our enemy can’t scrape together mere hundreds of dollars to send to someone like Staff Sergeant Alonzo Lunsford. 
Carolina. I was impressed when I met him. He seems to be a very sharp man, a patriot, someone who cares about America. But like many of the victims, the wounds go even deeper than the shots that were fired. In his case, seven times he was shot. Oh, what a horrible day. 
And, yet, this administration becomes accomplices to the afterthe crime episode and damage by still refusing to acknowledge it for what it was and pay these patriotic servicemembers the money they have coming as people who were wounded in the line of duty. 
It is ridiculous that this administration will send billions and billions to our enemies who have already said that, with all the billions Obama is going to make sure that we get, we are going to be able to finance more, help Hamas more, help Hezbollah more. We are going to be able to help those who kill Americans. 
They want to make sure that nothing gets in the way of their sending money to people that want to kill Americans and people who have killed Americans. 
that Iran may be responsible for at least 12 percent of the Americans killed in Iraq. I can’t help but think, based on those I have talked to in trips to Iraq and those who have researched even further, that when we get to the bottom line, it will likely be a lot more than 12 percent. 
Islamist leaders in charge, are guilty of killing Americans, and this administration rewards them by sending them money and, whether it is intentional or sheer intentional neglect, refuses to acknowledge the patriotism and the act of war against our members of the United States Army and the United States military and the one civilian that was killed, refuses to acknowledge and adequately appreciate those patriots that were killed or wounded in the line of duty in an act of war by Major Nidal Hasan. 
If this administration, either through neglect or intent, is so calloused and uncaring towards its own military members, then what is going on now that is going to result in future Americans, military members, being killed? How many more Major Nidal Hasans are there in the Army, Air Force, Navy, and Marines? 
Nidal Hasan are not still being promoted because nobody wants to—in 
this administration, under this administration, under this Commander in Chief—rise up and say: This guy is giving all the indications of being a radical Islamist that will one day explode and kill Americans. 
numbers of generals—officers with stars on their epaulets—being fired. Personally, I recognize Edward Snowden to be a traitor. I have tried felony cases, including death penalty cases. 
Congress of trying to advise and help whistleblowers and having seen this administration turn against whistle blowers, use their own department they work in to destroy their careers, use the Department of Justice to harass them, and if it is somebody that has very damaging evidence about wrongdoing by this administration, then they will convene a grand jury to investigate and harass, never mind that it drives a spouse to the hospital near breakdown, never mind the damage that it does to those patriotic whistleblowers who just want the government to do the right thing in all things. 
I have to recognize, if I were sentencing Edward Snowden for his treason, that in this administration someone that were to come forth—if Edward Snowden had done this and come before superiors in this administration, he would likely have been destroyed, a grand jury convened, attempts to put him in jail, attempts to destroy his evidence. 
That would have to be taken as evidence in mitigation of whatever the sentence was for the treason because, under this administration, I have struggled with people who wanted to get the truth out. 
Where do you go? Eric Holder, as Attorney General, was not going to help a whistleblower if they had information that was damaging to the administration. No. He was the head of the largest criminal defense firm in America defending the actions in this administration and going after and trying to destroy anybody who came forth with damaging evidence, particularly if it could have come before the election in 2012. 
on the reputation of the United States Senate because she made clear she thought that the things Eric Holder did in violation of the Constitution, in contempt of Congress, the disingenuity and dishonesty, were okay in her book, and they confirmed her anyway. So the indications are things haven’t gotten any better than they were. 
What do you do if you are a patriotic 
whistleblower in this administration and you want to out Nidal Hasan, you want to come forward with documentation that shows this administration has acted inappropriately? It has been 
head up to try to speak up and speak truth, then we will make you rue the day you ever worked for the government. 
dollars to American patriots who were wounded in an act of war, and, obviously, 13 killed in an act of war by radical Islamists. We won’t even call radical Islam what moderate Muslims in the Middle East recognize that it is. 
And a man of great courage I think will end up being recognized as one of the great leaders in the Middle East of any age. President elSisi gets the back of the hand most of the time from this administration. When he has had the courage to stand up to imams in a room, looking them in the eye, and say: It is time to take back our religion from the radicals. 
recognizing the threat that radical Islam is, not only to Christians and Jews, but to moderate Muslims, then there is no doubt there are people that want to kill him, when this administration ought to be doing everything they can to help them. 
Does your President not understand that the Apache helicopters that he promised the Muslim Brother Morsi that he withheld for so long, that we used those to keep the Suez Canal open, does he not want the Suez Canal open? Does President Obama not care? Well, that would certainly be the indication if you look at the actions of his administration. 
people who desperately want to be friends with the United States, they yearn for freedom, they yearn for a free Egypt, free of radical Islam, even though they are Muslims themselves, they want to be friends with freedom loving Americans, and yet with dozens and dozens and dozens of leaders from countries around the world, including Russia, top leaders from countries around the world, being there to note the incredible historic event in world history when Egypt, after having gotten rid of the radical Islamist Muslim Brother Morsi, who was refusing to keep his conduct within the requirements of their Constitution, was removed after the biggest peaceful demonstration in the history of the world. Over 30 million people are said to have gone to the streets to demand his removal. 
After Morsi is removed, people of vision like elSisi took over and they dug another lane to the one Suez Canal, so there are two lanes for a big part of it there. That was a historic day in June. The people of Egypt should have been lauded by all of those in this administration. 
not care to recognize the great historic fete of Egypt struggling as it is to achieve greatness once again, they didn’t even send anybody from Washington. My friend DARRELL ISSAwent. 
Congress was represented. I was not allowed to go, of course, because Speaker Boehner wasn’t allowing people like me who spoke up for what we believe is right to travel. And, according to his staff, Speaker Boehner saw taxpayerfunded travel as a reward for people that apparently voted like he wanted them to, which kind of sounds like it would be a crime. 
But, nonetheless, we were represented. Congress was represented there, but not the administration. Leaders from around the world were there. Not this administration. 
It is time to recognize the good Muslims, the moderate Muslims in the world, with whom we can be friends, who want to be our friends, who want to work with us, and recognize those, like the Muslim Brotherhood, who want to destroy our way of life. And it is time to stop the political correctness that got 13 people killed at Fort Hood 6 years ago today and got so many more wounded. 
want to properly recognize efforts to keep the Middle East peaceful and out of the hands of radical Islamists, like the Muslim Brotherhood, well, we had the Iran treaty that this administration pushed and the Senate refused to take up and vote on as a treaty. 
because the Iranian treaty did include terms about ballistic missiles, about weapons buying, about release of money under the sanctions. It did change the terms of the nonproliferation treaty. It was clearly a treaty. 
Senate’s reputation that they did not stop that. By taking a vote on ratification, it wouldn’t have gotten the two thirds required. And then we could have prevented the $100 billion plus— we are told $100 billion or so each year thereafter—that will be going to a country that, according to this news this week, where ‘‘‘Death to America’ Stands Despite the Nuclear Deal.’’ This report from AFP, dated November 2, from Tehran, says, ‘‘the Islamic Republic will not abandon the slogan of ‘Death to America’ despite its July nuclear accord with world powers. 
Iran is not at all prepared to abandoned the slogan of ‘Death to America’ under the pretext of a nuclear agreement,’’ 192 members of Iran’s 290seat parliament said in a statement carried by state news agency IRNA. 
weekly Friday prayers in mosques and at protests, had ‘turned into the symbol of the Islamic republic and all struggling nations.’’’ 
has occurred since the Iran treaty that was not ratified was placed into being by this administration and by the Senate looking the other way. 
tests. They have had joint military operations with Russia and Syria. 
the Iran deal. They have had open violations of 
international travel bans. We have had a cyber attack from there. We have had an arrest of a U.S. resident, Nazar Zaka. ‘‘Death to America’’ is still their chant. 
And yet here is this story from October 21 by Reuters. It says: 
and Germany called on Wednesday for the United Nations Security Council’s Iran sanctions committee to take action over a missile test by Tehran that they said violated a U.N. ban. 
launch, they said the ballistic missile was ‘inherently capable of delivering a nuclear weapon.’ 
sent to the committee after the United States raised the issue in the 15member Security Council. 
assist the Committee in its responsibility to examine and take appropriate action in response to violations of U.N. Security Council resolutions,’ they wrote.’’ 
for the sanctions committee to blacklist additional Iranian individuals or entities if it determined that the missile launch had breached the U.N. ban. However, they said Russia and China, which have opposed the sanctions on Iran’s missile program, might block any such moves. 
press the Security Council to respond effectively to any future violations . . . Full and robust enforcement of all relevant U.N. measures is and will remain critical,’ U.S. ambassador of the United Nations Samantha Power said in a statement on Wednesday.’’ 
States has sent this letter, participated in it, asking the U.N. to take appropriate action, is because this administration is gutless to do what needs to be done. You have Iran, it has been confirmed, that killed so many hundreds responsible for the death of so many Americans. And this administration struck a bad deal with them that could never get twothirds of the Senate to ratify it, so we just act like it is a treaty that is ratified, even though it isn’t. 
But it is gutless to stand up to Iran 
and say: You violated the deal. We are not going to allow $100 billion to $150 billion to go to you while you continue to say ‘‘death to America’’; you continue to have ballistic missile tests; you continue to have joint operations, in violation of our deal, with Russia and Syria; you continue in open violation of international travel bans; you continue to attack us or have cyber attacks from your country; and you continue to stir up violence against the United States. You are not getting any money. 
that $100 billion to the victims of Nidal Hasan? How about giving it to the victims of radical Islamist violence? How 
400 days in captivity in Iran under the Ayatollah Khamenei’s leadership? 
Business Times report, ‘‘Iranian Airline Violates Terms of Nuclear Deal By Purchasing Planes To Use In Syrian War.’’ This says: 
last week bought a UKmanufactured jet with the aim of using it to deliver Iranian soldiers and weapons to Syria . . . The purchase of the aircraft by an Iranian concern represents a clear violation of the deal brokered by the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama.’’ 
to be brought to an end. No more money needs to go to Iran. No money for killers, for terrorists, but money to the victims in our United States military. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to the order of the House of today regarding House Concurrent Resolution 92, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 2 p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, November 9, 2015, at 3 p.m., unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its adoption of House Concurrent Resolution 92, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21172, ‘‘Higher Education Licensure Commission Temporary Amendment Act of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1927. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to improve fairness in class action litigation; with an amendment (Rept. 114–328). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
REICHERT , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. U PTON , 
H.R. 3932. A bill to amend the Labor Management Relations Act, 1947, to provide for the mandatory appointment of a board of inquiry into slowdowns, strikes, or lockouts when certain specified events occur, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3933. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the expensing limitations and treatment of certain real property as section 179 property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
H.R. 3934. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to limit the interest deduction for excessive interest of members of financial reporting groups; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
H.R. 3935. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to terminate the deferral of active income of controlled foreign corporations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3936. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program under which the Secretary carries out Veteran Engagement Team events where veterans can complete claims for disability compensation and pension under the laws administered by the Secretary, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Ms. F OXX, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. H UDSON , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
MCHENRY , Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. A DAMS , 
utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Judge Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse‘‘; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Mr. B ERA, Mr. C OOK, Mr. M CNERNEY , 
Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
LEE, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. H ONDA , 
Ms. E SHOO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. A GUILAR , 
TORRES , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
TAKANO , Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. M AXINE  
LOWENTHAL , Mr. I SSA, Mr. V ARGAS , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Mr. N UNES , Mr. R OHRABACHER , and 
H.R. 3938. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 6531 Van Nuys Boulevard in Van Nuys, California, as the ‘‘Marilyn Monroe Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 3939. A bill to require that the workforce of the Environmental Protection Agency be reduced by 15 percent; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation 
and Infrastructure, Agriculture, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
himself, Mrs. BLACK , Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
H.R. 3940. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to authorize a blanket meaningful use significant hardship exception for the 2015 reporting period due to the delay in timely publication of the Stage 2 meaningful use rule; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
preparedness for energy supply disruptions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. K ELLY of 
CHABOT , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. P OSEY , 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. B ARLETTA ): 
H.R. 3942. A bill to recognize that Christians and Yazidis in Iraq, Syria, Pakistan, Iran, Egypt, and Libya are targets of genocide, and to provide for the expedited processing of immigrant and refugee visas for such individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Health Service Act to provide loan repayment incentives for physician assistants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. BASS (for herself and Mr. HASTINGS ): 
H.R. 3944. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to improve education opportunities for physician assistants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. M OULTON ): 
H.R. 3945. A bill to amend the Small Business Act and title 38, United States Code, to improve contracting opportunities for certain veteranowned small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
AMODEI , Mr. B UCK, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mrs. L UMMIS, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. Z INKE, 
Mr. H ARDY , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, 
Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. B ABIN, 
H.R. 3946. A bill to amend section 320301 of 
title 54, United States Code, to protect private property rights and water rights from infringement as a result of the creation of national monuments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 3947. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Truth in Lending Act to clarify the application of prepayment and underpayment amounts on student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3948. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to include requirements for the transfer of servicing of postsecondary education loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M EEKS , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. R USH, Ms. K ELLY of 
H.R. 3949. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide additional educational assistance under the Post9/11 GI Bill for veterans pursuing a degree in science, technology, engineering, or math; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. P AYNE , 
H.R. 3950. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a small business startup tax credit for veterans who have served overseas; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3951. A bill to establish in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs the Office of Health Care Quality; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3953. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 3954. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for access to hospital care and medical services furnished by the 
Department of Veterans Affairs for certain members of the reserve components who received training at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3955. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to authorize the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to release a local government from certain land restrictions imposed under the hazard mitigation program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3956. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to develop and implement a plan to hire directors of the medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
JOLLY , Mr. D IAZBALART , Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C RENSHAW , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
H.R. 3957. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to temporarily allow expensing of certain costs of replanting citrus plants lost by reason of casualty; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3958. A bill to provide for the issuance 
of a Veterans Health Care Stamp; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3960. A bill to provide for a survey regarding homeless female veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3961. A bill to require the establishment of a Consumer Price Index for Elderly Consumers to compute costofliving increases for Social Security and Medicare benefits under titles II and XVIII of the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of Texas, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B EYER , 
under which Federal entities may use mobile aerialview devices to surveil, protect individual and collective privacy against warrantless governmental intrusion through the use of mobile aerialview devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3963. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to extend military commissary and exchange store privileges to certain veterans who have been awarded the Purple Heart and to their dependents; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 3964. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to expand the definition of eligible program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
ESHOO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Miss 
H.R. 3965. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to improve the process for establishing and revising flight paths and procedures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of dependent patients relating to obstetrical anesthesia services; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
ELLISON , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. R ICHMOND , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. P OCAN , 
Ms. L EE, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. F ATTAH , and 
H.R. 3967. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to prohibit administrative offset of social security benefit payments with respect to claims arising from Federal student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Substances Act to allow the Attorney General to exempt a product from certain requirements if the Attorney General determines that it is not practical by processes known to be employed by clandestine laboratory operators to use the product in the illicit manufacture of methamphetamine; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3969. A bill to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean Department of Veterans Affairs Community Based Outpatient Clinic‘‘; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3970. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to establish a pilot grant program to acquire and renovate abandoned homes for homeless veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. ISSA (for himself and Ms. 
H.R. 3971. A bill to amend titles 5 and 38, 
United States Code, to clarify the veteran status of an individual based on the attendance of the individual at a preparatory school of a service academy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3972. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to more effectively provide mental health resources for members of the Armed Forces and veterans at high risk of suicide, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. SENSENBRENNER ): 
H.R. 3973. A bill to reform the Federal Crop 
Insurance Act and reduce Federal spending on crop insurance; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 3974. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3975. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit for veteran firsttime homebuyers and for adaptive housing and mobility improvements for disabled veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3976. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to require the provision of legal assistance to junior enlisted personnel of the Armed Forces and their dependents in connection with their personal civil legal affairs; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
BEYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. F ARR, 
H.R. 3977. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to impose a retail tax on carryout bags, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
H.R. 3978. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish an Ombudsman within the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico (for himself, Mr. HONDA , Ms. 
Mexico, and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 3979. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to include local government minimum wage requirements in determining the hourly minimum wage applicable for purposes of the workstudy allowance under 
the educational assistance programs administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
date for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand eligibility for such program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut): 
H.R. 3981. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent taxrelated identity theft and tax fraud, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, the Judiciary, Financial Services, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
KIND, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
H.R. 3982. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat amounts paid for private umbilical cord blood or umbilical cord tissue, or placental blood or placental tissue, banking services as medical care expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3983. A bill to provide for a report on 
the role of incubators and accelerators in the commercialization of federally funded research and regional economic development; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
funds from the Crime Victims Fund; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3985. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Secretary of Education to award job training Federal Pell Grants; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3986. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and in consultation with the Secretary of Education and the President’s Council on Fitness, Sports, and Nutrition, to conduct a study on the causes of deaths related to high school football and formulate recommendations to prevent such deaths; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3987. A bill to establish an employmentbased immigrant visa for alien entrepreneurs who have received significant capital from investors to establish a business in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
TAKANO , Mr. J ONES , Mr. C ARNEY , Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G ENE 
HIGGINS , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
MOULTON , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. R USH): 
military and veteran education programs toward the limit on Federal revenues that certain proprietary institutions of higher education are allowed to receive for purposes of section 487 of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3989. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the process for determining the eligibility of caregivers of veterans to certain benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. 
H.R. 3990. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide grants for university business incubators; to the Committee on Small Business. 
TAKAI, Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. C OFFMAN): 
H.R. 3991. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide veterans affected by school closures certain relief and restoration 
of educational benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
TAKANO , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. K APTUR, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mrs. 
H.R. 3992. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to improve the determination of cohort default rates and provide for enhanced civil penalties, to ensure personal liability of owners, officers, and executives of institutions of higher education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3993. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow employers a credit against income tax for employees who participate in qualified apprenticeship programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3994. A bill to direct the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to conduct a study to determine appropriate cybersecurity standards for motor vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. THORNBERRY: 
H. Con. Res. 90. Concurrent resolution directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a technical correction in the enrollment of S. 1356; considered and agreed to. 
H. Con. Res. 91. Concurrent resolution providing for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
H. Con. Res. 92. Concurrent resolution providing for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives and a conditional recess or adjournment of the Senate; considered and agreed to. 
to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. 
praising the American Jewish Committee (AJC) on the occasion of its 109th anniversary; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. 
MOORE , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. K EATING , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
GARAMENDI , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. P ETERS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. R OYBAL  
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. Y OUNG  
ideals and goals of the ‘‘International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the Federal firearms laws should be rigorously enforced, that all appropriate measures should be taken to end the flood of unlawfully purchased firearms into our communities, and that adequate resources should be provided to accomplish such purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. 
for designation of the week beginning on November 9, 2015, as ‘‘National School Psychology Week’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself, 
designation of November 1 through November 7, 2015, as ‘‘National Apprenticeship Week’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
goals and ideals of American Diabetes Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
of the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan, relative to House Resolution No. 87, urging the President and Congress of the United States to take action to halt the illegal dumping of foreign steel into the U.S. market; which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3995) to authorize the President to award the Medal of Honor to Major Charles S. Kettles of the United States Army for acts of valor during the Vietnam War; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3932. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, commonly referred to as the ‘‘Commerce Clause’’ of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3933. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clauses 1 and 18 of the 
H.R. 3934. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3935. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3936. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3937. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3938. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3939. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3940. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Consistent with the understanding and interpretation of the Commerce Clause, Congress has the authority to enact this legislation in accordance with Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 3941. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
power to . . . lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 3942. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution which gives Congress the power of the United States Constitution ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 3943. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article. I. Section 1. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
H.R. 3944. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article. I. Section 1. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
H.R. 3945. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legislation necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. 
H.R. 3946. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Property Clause). The Property Clause gives Congress the power to dispose and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. 
H.R. 3947. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3948. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3949. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have the power to provide for the common defense. 
H.R. 3950. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Executive and foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constiution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3951. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3952. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 3953. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 3954. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. 
power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
H.R. 3955. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, 
H.R. 3956. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States 
H.R. 3957. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. 
H.R. 3958. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ as well as Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 3959. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; 
H.R. 3960. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 3961. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 3962. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizsures. 
H.R. 3963. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 12. Article I, Section 8, Clause 14. 
H.R. 3964. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 3965. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3966. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3967. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3968. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution ....  
H.R. 3969. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3970. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3971. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to the 
United States Constitution which empowers Congress to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 3972. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3973. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3974. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 3975. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3976. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 3977. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3978. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of Amendment XV of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico: 
H.R. 3979. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3980. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3981. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3982. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
H.R. 3983. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3984. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3985. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. 
H.R. 3986. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. 
H.R. 3987. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3988. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3989. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
H.R. 3990. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 and 
Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3991. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3992. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 3993. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 provides Congress with the authority to spend revenue on the general welfare. 
H.R. 3994. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution, which gives Congress the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ This legislation requires a study to determine regulations appropriate for the safety and security of automobiles in the United States. Nothing in this legislation shall be construed to restrict due process of the law as defined in Section 1, Amendment XIV of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 3995. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution (clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers.’’ 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. 
H.R. 465: Mr. F LEMING and Mr. G ARRETT . 
H.R. 746: Ms. N ORTON , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. 
H.R. 793: Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky and Mr. 
H.R. 1019: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. R ANGEL. 
H.R. 1174: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. B ARR, and 
H.R. 1197: Mr. J EFFRIES and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. B RAT and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 1399: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. 
H.R. 1457: Ms. B ASSand Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. H IGGINS, and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1769: Ms. E DWARDS , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. R UIZ, Mr. P IERLUISI , and Ms. 
H.R. 2124: Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. N ADLER, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 2205: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. A BRAHAM , and 
H.R. 2254: Mr. L OBIONDO and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 2293: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 2342: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. P OMPEO , and 
H.R. 2400: Mr. L ONG and Mr. W ILSON of 
H.R. 2473: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 2603: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2698: Mrs. L OVE, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah 
H.R. 2811: Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
H.R. 2902: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. S IRES, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. N EAL, 
H.R. 3048: Mr. H URDof Texas and Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 3061: Mr. D OGGETT and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 3068: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. C URBELO of 
H.R. 3099: Ms. P INGREE and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 3299: Mr. L ONGand Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 3351: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Ms. M AXINE  
H.R. 3381: Mrs. T ORRES and Mr. S WALWELL  
H.R. 3516: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota and Mr. 
H.R. 3526: Mr. B EYER , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . 
H.R. 3664: Mr. M ARINO , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. 
SABLAN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
H.R. 3696: Ms. L EEand Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3706: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Ms. 
H.R. 3750: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 3761: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C LAY, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. 
ADAMS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. P ETERSON , and Ms. 
H.R. 3805: Mr. S ERRANO and Mr. G ENE 
H.R. 3833: Ms. M ENGand Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 3845: Mrs. R OBY, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, 
H.J. Res. 50: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H. Res. 220: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. W ALZ, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
KINGof New York, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P OMPEO , 
H. Res. 343: Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
H. Res. 364: Ms. L OFGREN and Ms. E SHOO . 
H. Res. 447: Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
H. Res. 451: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. C OLLINS of 
H. Res. 505: Mr. E NGEL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. S IRES, Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. C LYBURN . 
H. Res. 510: Mr. Z ELDIN and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H. Res. 513: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. F ARR, Mr. M ILLERof Florida, and Mr. K INGof New York. 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7775 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 2015 No. 165 