to clause 7 of rule XX, I move a call of the House. 
rule XX, the Chair confers recognition for that purpose. 
A call of the House was ordered. The call was taken by electronic device, and the following Members responded to their names: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Boehner Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar 
Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. 
Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline 
Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
today to inform you that I will resign as Speaker of the House effective upon the election of my successor. I will also resign as Representative from Ohio’s Eighth District at the end of this month. 
anything, I leave the way I started— just a regular guy, humbled by the chance to do a big job. That is what I am most proud of. I am still just me, the same guy who came here 25 years ago as a smallbusiness man and spent all these 25 years trying to just be me. 
was too much like me, but it really is the thing I am most proud of. I am the same regular guy who came here to try to do a good job for my district and my country. 
Before I go, I want to express what an 
honor it has been to serve with all of you. The people’s House is, in my view, the great embodiment of the American Dream. Everybody here comes from somewhere, and everybody here is on some mission. 
where we are used to working. As far back as I can remember, I was working. My staff was asking me the other day: Well, you know, on November 1st, 
you’re not going to have a job. When was the last time you didn’t have a job? 
it and thought about it. I thought, well, I had to be 8 or 9 years old because I was throwing newspapers back then and working in my dad’s bar. As a matter of fact, I used to work from 5 a.m. on Saturday morning until 2 p.m. for $2. Not $2 an hour. $2. 
the easy way or the hard way. It was just the Cincinnati way. Our city takes its name from the great Roman general Cincinnatus, a farmer who answered the call of his nation to lead and then surrendered his power to go back to his plow. 
For me, it wasn’t a farm. It was a 
small business. And it wasn’t so much a calling as it was a mission—a mission to strive for a smaller, less costly, and more accountable Federal Government here in Washington. 
For the first time in nearly 20 years, we have made some real entitlement reforms, saving trillions of dollars over the long term. 
American people from an increase in their taxes. We are on track to save taxpayers $2.1 trillion over the next 10 years, the most significant spending reductions in modern times. We have banned earmarks altogether. Sorry. 
We have made it more open to the people. Every day in this capital city there are hundreds of kids from the toughest neighborhoods who are finally getting a chance at a decent education. 
mission is not complete. And the truth is it may never be. One thing I came to realize over the years that I have been here is that this battle over the size and scope and cost of our government in Washington has been going on for more than 200 years, and the forces of the status quo go to an awful lot of trouble to prevent change from happening. 
makes all things possible, but patience is what makes all things real. So believe in the long, slow struggle. Believe 
in this country’s ability to meet her challenges and to lead the world. And, remember, you can’t do a big job alone, especially this one. 
and my two girls. My two girls were 3 and 1 when I first ran for office. Now they are a lot older. So they have been through a lot. You all know what your families go through. It is one thing for us to take the bricks and the boards and everything that gets thrown at us, but it is another thing for our families. Their skin isn’t as thick as ours. 
I am also grateful to all of my colleagues: my fellow leaders, Mr. MCCARTHY and Mr. S CALISE , Ms. M CMORRIS  
RODGERS ; and many on my side of the 
aisle, our committee chairs, people I have worked with for a long time. But I am just as grateful to Ms. 
PELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C LYBURN , and 
Mr. B ECERRA and others for all of the 
work that we have done together. Over these last 5 years, we have done an awful lot of work together. There was probably more work done across the aisle over the last 5 years than in the 25 years that I have served in this institution. 
with all of you, some of you still could learn to dress better. You know who you are. I saw one of the culprits, one of the usual suspects who shows up here once in a while without a tie. This morning he didn’t look dressed very well, but he did have a tie on. 
in this institution every day, whether it is the Reading Clerks or—you know, there are a lot of people, thousands of people, who allow us to do our jobs and to help make this institution what it is. Whether it is the people you see here today or the people in the CAO’s office or the Capitol Police or legislative counsel, there really are thousands of people who really do allow us to do our job. 
all know I am a big believer in staff. None of us can be what we are without a good staff, and I certainly would never have gotten to this job without having built a great team. So I really am grateful to my staff. As they like to say to each other, once you are part of Boehnerland, you are always a part of Boehnerland, and that certainly goes for me as well. 
constituents and the volunteers over the years. That includes a student at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, in 1990, who was putting up campaign signs for me. His name was PAULRYAN. 
I don’t think he could pronounce my name back in 1990 when he was putting up yard signs for me. 
there is a difference between being asked to do something and being called to do something. PAULis being called. 
I know he will serve with grace and with energy, and I want to wish him and his family all the best. 
life as a chase for the American Dream. That chase began at the bottom of the hill, just off the main drag in Reading, Ohio, right outside of Cincinnati. At the top of the hill was a small house with a big family, a shining city in its own right. 
turns, and even a few tears. Nothing wrong with that. But let me tell you, it was just perfect. 
Never forget, we are the luckiest people on the Earth. In America, you can do anything that you are willing to work for, willing to work hard at, and anything can happen if you are willing to make the necessary sacrifices in life. 
just pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and go do it again, because hope always springs eternal. And if you just do the right things for the right reasons, good things will happen. 
Speaker’s announcement of October 29, 2015, the Chair will receive nominations for the Office of Speaker. 
The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRISRODGERS ). 
Speaker, today, in the people’s House, it gives me great honor to nominate the people’s Speaker. 
than the architecture of Washington, D.C., to see what our Founders envisioned. It is not by mistake that the dome over the Congress is the very center of the Federal city. The White House and the Supreme Court are set about us, satellites to the supreme power of the people expressed in this legislative body. 
In the House, we are eager for a fresh 
start that will make us more effective to fulfill our obligation to reflect the will of the people and to reestablish the balance of power. 
in that calling than the man I am about to nominate. He was first elected to the House at the ripe old age of 28, and he has served here now for almost 17 years. 
House Budget Committee: the visionary proposals, the lengthy debates. And who could forget those PowerPoints? 
Ways and Means Committee. But he is more than a chairman to us. He is more than a colleague. He is our friend. He is a leader. 
Through it all, he has never forgotten his roots. He lives on the same block he grew up on in Janesville, Wisconsin. There is no place he would rather be than at home with his family. 
this country first. And I can say, in all candor, he did not seek this office. The office sought him. 
Conference, I am directed by the vote of that Conference to present for election to the Office of Speaker of the House of Representatives for the 114th Congress the Representative from the State of Wisconsin, the man from Janesville, the Honorable PAUL D. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. BECERRA ). 
my congratulations to my friend, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R YAN), 
Democratic Caucus of this House, I wish to place in nomination the name of a proven leader for the Office of Speaker of the House of Representatives: 
this Chamber and for this country, what few can match; 
House, secured passage of landmark economic recovery package legislation in 2009 which transformed a diving economy, losing 800,000 jobs each month, to one which has now created more than 13 million jobs over the last 67 consecutive months of job growth; 
A leader who, as Speaker, accomplished what 70 years of Congresses could not, enactment of our lifesaving health security law, which has put 18 million more Americans in control of their and their children’s health care; 
2008, to fight for the biggest investment in our troops since World War II, with the passage of the Post9/11 GI Bill, and the largest investment in our veterans’ health care and benefits in the 77year history of the VA; 
on the challenge of fixing our broken immigration system and secured passage of the DREAM Act in 2010. 
making the tough choices and getting things done. It means knowing how to build a majority, not just with the members of your own political party, but with the 435 elected Members of the House of Representatives so we can get things done. This leader understands that and knows how to get things done, even while serving in the minority in this House. 
this leader succeeded in breaking through the gridlock in this House and secured the votes needed to avert a senseless government shutdown and a perilous default on the payment of America’s bills. Thanks to this leader, 16.5 million seniors will not suffer a $55permonth increase in their Medicare premiums and Congress will not cut the Social Security benefits of 11 million disabled Americans by 20 percent. 
that is what Americans expect from those they elect. That is why it is my privilege, as chairman of the House Democratic Caucus and as directed by the colleagues of the Democratic Caucus, to nominate for election to the Office of Speaker of the House of Representatives, from the 12th District of the great State of California, the Honorable NANCY PATRICIA D’ALESANDRO  
Honorable P AULD. R YAN, a Representative from the State of Wisconsin, and the Honorable NANCY PELOSI , a Representative from the State of California, have been placed in nomination. Are there further nominations? 
take their seats at the desk in front of the Speaker’s rostrum. 
responding to their names will indicate by surname the nominee of their choosing. 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boehner Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
their tallies that the total number of votes cast is 432, of which the Honorable PAULD. R YANof the State of Wisconsin has received 236, the Honorable NANCY PELOSI of the State of California 
WEBSTER of the State of Florida has received 9, the Honorable J IMCOOPER of 
the State of Tennessee has received 1, the Honorable JOHNLEWIS of the State 
of Georgia has received 1, and the Honorable Colin Powell has received 1. 
received a majority of the votes cast, is duly elected Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
Chamber to escort the Speakerelect to the chair. The Sergeant at Arms announced the 
Speakerelect of the House of Representatives of the 114th Congress, who was escorted to the chair by the Committee of Escort. 
the 114th Congress of the United States, today, as every day, we come to this floor strengthened and inspired by the support of our colleagues, the trust of our constituents, and the love of our families. 
Paul; our five children; our nine grandchildren; and the entire Pelosi and D’Alesandro families for their support. 
San Francisco for the continued honor they give me to represent them here. 
My heartfelt thanks to my Democratic colleagues for extending me the honor of being nominated to be Speaker of the House. Thank you, my colleagues. 
who has served his constituents and this Congress with honor for 25 years, Speaker JOHNBOEHNER . 
enduring, exceptional promise of America—this hardworking son of an Ohio bartender and owner who grew up to be the Speaker of the House of Representatives. JOHNBOEHNER talked about the 
was a formidable spokesman for the Republican agenda. My Republican colleagues, I am sure you know—and I can attest—to the fact that he was always true and loyal to the members of his Conference in any negotiations we ever had. 
often, I always respected his dedication to this House and his commitment to his values. Thank you, JOHN, for your 
Your graciousness as Speaker extended and was reflected in your staff under the leadership of Mike Sommers, whom we all respect. Thank you to JOHNBOEHNER ’s staff. 
Democrats and Republicans, when I thank you for making the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis such a beautiful and meaningful experience for all of us. 
congratulations to Debbie; your daughters, Lindsay and Tricia; and the entire Boehner family, now including grandson, Allister. 
personally, I wish you and your family all of God’s blessings in the glorious years ahead. 
truly special when Pope Francis made history addressing a joint session of Congress. Standing right here, Pope Francis called on us to seek hope, 
reminded us of our duty to find a way forward for everyone. ‘‘A good political leader,’’ His Holiness said, ‘‘is one who, with the interest of all in mind, seizes the moment in a spirit of openness and pragmatism.’’ 
our Founders that placed at the heart of our democracy the saying, ‘‘E Pluribus Unum,’’ from many, one. The Founders could never have imagined how vast our country would become, how diverse and many we would be— ethnically, gender identities, beliefs, and priorities—but they knew we had to be one. 
the country we pledge allegiance to one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
for all of our honest differences, perspectives, and priorities aired and argued so passionately on this floor, we are committed to being one nation. Despite our differences—in fact, respecting them—I look forward to a clear debate in this marketplace of ideas, the people’s House of Representatives. 
responsibility to act upon our shared faith in the greatness of our country. We have a responsibility to be worthy of the sacrifices of our troops, our veterans, and our military families. We have a responsibility to make real the promise of the American Dream for all. 
growth, decrease the deficit, create goodpaying jobs, and increase the paychecks of America’s working families. 
turned. A new chapter has begun. Today, the gavel passes to a proud son of Wisconsin, the first Speaker from Wisconsin. 
of experience on Capitol Hill, from a young staffer to a Tortilla Coast waiter—shall I say that again?—Tortilla Coast waiter—to a Congressman, to being a sincere and proud advocate for his point of view as chairman of the Budget Committee, as a respected leader and chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, and in a minute, he will be the Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
House Democrats, I extend the hand of friendship to you. 
Janna; your children, Liza, Charlie, and Sam; your mother, who is here— how proud she must be—and the entire Ryan family, whom we all know mean so much to you. 
family. And God bless the United States of America. 
people’s gavel. In the people’s name, it is my privilege to hand this gavel to the Speakerelect of the House, Congressman and Honorable PAULD. R YAN. 
Madam Leader. Before I begin, I would like to thank 
all of my family and friends who flew in from Wisconsin and from all over for being here today. 
my sister, Janet; my brothers, Stan and Tobin; and more cousins than I can count on a few hands. 
Most importantly, I want to recognize my wife, Janna; and our children: Liza, Charlie, and Sam. 
I also want to thank Speaker BOEHNER. For almost 5 years, he led this 
House. For nearly 25 years, he served it. Not many people can match his accomplishments, the offices he held, the laws he passed. 
is a man of character, a true class act. He is, without question, the gentleman from Ohio. So please join me in saying one last time, ‘‘Thank you, Speaker BOEHNER .’’ 
Now I know how he felt. It is not 
until you hold this gavel, stand in this spot, look out and see all 435 Members of this House, as if all America is sitting right in front of you—it is not until then that you feel it, the weight of responsibility and the gravity of the moment. 
think of something Harry Truman once said. The day after Franklin Roosevelt died, Truman became President. He told a group of reporters, ‘‘If you ever pray, pray for me now.’’ 
had happened, I felt like the Moon, the stars, and all the planets had fallen on me. We should all feel that way. A lot is on our shoulders. So if you ever pray, let’s pray for each other, Republicans for Democrats and Democrats for Republicans. 
And I don’t mean pray for a conversion, all right? Pray for a deeper understanding. Because when you are up here, you see it so clearly. Wherever you come from, whatever you believe, we are all in the same boat. 
but early in my life, I wanted to serve this House. I thought this place was exhilarating because here you can make a difference. If you had a good idea, if you worked hard, you could make it happen. You could improve people’s lives. To me, the House of Representatives represents what is the best of America: the boundless opportunity to do good. 
But let’s be frank. The House is broken. We are not solving problems. We are adding to them. I am not interested in laying blame. We are not settling scores. We are wiping the slate clean. 
are satisfied with how things are going. We need to make some changes, starting with how the House does business. We need to let every Member contribute, not once they have earned their stripes, but now. 
I come at this job as a twotime committee chair. The committees should retake the lead in drafting all major 
legislation. If you know the issue, you should write the bill. 
participate, and they might change their mind. A neglected minority will gum up the works. A respected minority will work in good faith. Instead of trying to stop the majority, they might try to become the majority. In other words, we need to return to regular order. 
It is actually a matter of principle. We are the body closest to the people. Every 2 years, we face the voters and sometimes face the music. But we do not echo the people; we represent the people. We are supposed to study up and do the homework that they cannot do. So when we do not follow regular order, when we rush to pass bills that a lot of us don’t understand, we are not doing our job. Only a fully functioning House can truly represent the people; and if there were ever a time for us to step up, this would be that time. 
America does not feel strong anymore because the working people of America do not feel strong anymore. I am talking about the people who mind the store and grow the food and walk the beat and pay the taxes and raise the family. They do not sit in this House. They do not have fancy titles, but they are the people who make this country work, and this House should work for them. 
Here is the problem. They are working hard. They are paying a lot. They are trying to do right by their families, and they are going nowhere fast. They never get a raise. They never get a break. The bills keep piling up and the taxes and the debt. They are working harder than ever before to get ahead, and yet they are falling further behind. They feel robbed. They feel cheated of their birthright. They are not asking for any favors. They just want a fair chance, and they are losing faith that they will ever get it. 
all they see is chaos. What a relief to them it would be if we finally got our acts together. What a weight off of their shoulders. How reassuring it would be if we actually fixed the Tax Code, put patients in charge of their health care, grew our economy, strengthened our military, lifted people out of poverty, and paid down our debt. At this point, nothing could be more inspiring than a job well done. Nothing could stir the heart more than real, concrete results. 
is not possible. You better believe, we are going to try. We will not duck the tough issues; we will take them head on. We are going to do all we can do so that working people get their strength back and people not working get their lives back. No more favors for the few. ‘‘Opportunity for all,’’ that is our motto. 
I often talk about a need for a vision. 
I am not sure I ever really said what I 
create a lot of them, too. But at bottom, we vindicate a way of life. We show by our work that free people can govern themselves. They can solve their own problems. They can make their own decisions. They can deliberate, collaborate, and get the job done. 
only more efficient and more effective, it is more fulfilling. In fact, we show it is that struggle, that hard work, that very achievement itself that makes us free. That is what we do here. 
us, not all of the time, but we should not hide our disagreements. We should embrace them. We have nothing to fear from honest differences honestly stated. If you have ideas, let’s hear them. I believe that a greater clarity between us can lead to greater charity among us, and there is every reason to have hope. 
gavel, he looked out at a room of 30 people, representing a nation of 3 million. Today, as I look out at each and every one of you, we represent a nation of 300 million. 
So when I hear people say that America doesn’t have it, we are done, we are spent, I don’t believe it. I believe with every fiber of my being that we can renew the American idea. Now our task is to make us all believe. 
honor. The people of this country, they have done all of us a great honor. Now let’s prove ourselves worthy of it. Let’s seize the moment. Let’s rise to the occasion. And when we are done, let us say that we left the people—all the people—more united, happy, and free. 
Thank you. I am now ready to take the oath of 
I ask the Dean of the House of Representatives, the Honorable JOHNCONYERS , Jr., of Michigan, to administer 
oath of office to Mr. P AULD. R YANof 
will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO INFORM THE PRESIDENT OF THE ELECTION OF 