Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, November 28, residents in Yadkin County gathered for the annual Small Town Christmas celebration at the East Bend fire station. 
Although East Bend is a small community, its citizens know how to start the holiday season off right. The firefighters and Ladies Auxiliary group worked hard to get the station ready, and their efforts were appreciated by everyone who attended. 
and the lighting of the Christmas tree. While the chicken stew and pinto beans that followed were certainly delicious, the focus on faith was the real draw. 
days and weeks leading up to Christmas. So it was uplifting to see the community of East Bend once again take time to reflect on this season of grace and let the Lord’s infinite joy fill their hearts. 
It was a pleasure to be a part of their 
celebration, and I commend them for it. HONORING THE LIFE OF KATE 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
this Sunday friends, family, and admirers of Kate McCarthy will gather in the shadow of Mount Hood that she loved. They will share stories of young Kate as a smart, freespirited woman, educated at Portland’s Reed College, working on Mount Hood’s historic Timberline Lodge the day it opened in 1937 with President Roosevelt. Her family will regale with tales of challenges of managing four interesting children, shall we say. 
knowledge, stewardship, and love of special places like the Columbia River Gorge, her advocacy and leadership for sound land use and above all, Mount Hood. 
She challenged me to focus on the entire responsibility for protecting that mountain, leading not just to 120,000 acres of wilderness, but enacting a comprehensive vision for its protection. 
She was a passionate, committed visionary whose influence will be felt and seen for generations. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Secretary Kerry has been pressuring the Israeli Government to relent in its opposition to U.S. funding for UNESCO. 
using the full weight of his office to hold Abu Mazen and the corrupt Palestinian Authority accountable for their incitement to violence and their continued efforts to delegitimize and isolate the Jewish state at the U.N. while pursuing unilateral state recognition. 
Israeli Government’s newfound position, which undoubtedly was achieved under duress, this is a matter of U.S. law and Congress’ clear desire to force fundamental reforms at the broken U.N. system. 
Our laws are clear. No taxpayer dollars can be used to fund any agency at the U.N. that admits a nonexistent state of Palestine. UNESCO did, so, therefore, no U.S. dollars. 
stand with me and defend our jurisdiction and continue to uphold both the letter and the spirit of the law. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, these 
are very anxious times here in America with good reason. We have an urgent national security issue at hand that allows somebody who is on the terrorist watch list to legally purchase a firearm. 
How can somebody who pledges allegiance to ISIS be allowed to purchase a gun here in America? 
We would never give a set of keys to 
somebody who was drunk to get behind the wheel. How is it that we allow someone a license to go and purchase a firearm? 
firearm in this country who are on the terrorist watch list. Would the same fight be taking place if they wanted to get onto an airliner, saying: Hey, let’s let he or she on. They are on the terrorist watch list. I want them to fly with me. 
with. Over the course of the next few weeks, we have the ability to make a commonsense, simple approach to reducing the chance of terrorism here in America; that is, to keep those who are on the terrorist watch list from purchasing a firearm. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, in May 2014, the President shocked the world by announcing that he had negotiated with terrorists to secure the disgraced Sergeant Bergdahl’s release from the Taliban. 
dealing with the President’s secret negotiations. The report verified that the transfer violated several laws. 
about the efforts to arrange the terrorists’ pardon before it took place. Senior officials within the Department of Defense that were best equipped to evaluate the national security risk with this specific transfer were excluded from the process. 
The President failed to take significant precautions to eliminate the risks posed by the Taliban Five, putting all American families as targets of more murderous attacks. 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
American heroes from the 4th Brigade Combat Team (Airborne), 25th Infantry Division, who were killed in action while searching for Bergdahl to leave no one behind. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
James Zadroga Act, the 9/11 Victims Health and Compensation Act, is up for renewal, surprise to everyone. It passed 5 years ago with a 5year limit to be reenacted in this Congress. 
What has happened? Absolutely nothing. We keep waiting. We were told that the 9/11 victims compensation bill, the Zadroga Act, would be on the transportation bill. It was mysteriously withdrawn at the last moment. We don’t know when this bill will pass. 
What has happened to the spirit of bipartisanship to get this bill passed? 
go so low as to use this bill as grease to pass other legislation? That is what is being done right now. 
grease to pass other bills. It is outrageous. It is disrespectful to the men and women who gave all to serve this country, people who have stage 4 cancer today and are dying. It gives them no more solace to know that their country is not standing by them. 
yet we continue to forget in this Christmastime, in this holiday season, those who are suffering. 
today to pay tribute to the life of Meg LawyerMeccariello, who fought a hard battle against mesothelioma, an asbestosrelated cancer. 
Early in my term I met Meg in my 
office in Washington when she came to share the story of her sister, Mary Jo Lawyer Spano, who lost her life in her courageous battle with mesothelioma. 
tragically impacted her family, claiming the lives of Mary Jo and her father and leaving Meg and her sisters with unnerving diagnoses. 
and disparity by the information and lack of awareness about mesothelioma. 
Despite all of this, Meg was a tremendous advocate for finding a cure for this terrible disease. Meg was instrumental in the introduction of legislation named in her sister’s honor which would create the Nation’s first mesothelioma patient registry. 
I will continue to champion this legislation in Congress, now in memory of both Mary Jo and Meg. Meg lived with hope, strength, and grace, and she left this world a better place. 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Hook, Colorado Springs, San Bernardino. How many mass shootings or terrorist attacks will it take for Congress to act to reduce gun violence? 
upon our important Second Amendment rights, no gun registries, or privacy evaluations. No. We are talking about commonsense reforms to make it harder for terrorists and criminals to get the weapons that allow them to kill people: universal background checks, closing the gun show loophole, making sure that people on the terrorist watch list can’t quietly assemble arsenals to do the American people harm. 
violence, but we can reduce it. We can save lives. We can prevent mass shootings. We can prevent terrorists from assembling the weapons they need to kill innocent Americans. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
they are at it again. Earlier this year we saw the administration work to deny veterans because they may be on an arbitrary list for having sought financial help services, be threatened as incompetent to exercise gun ownership rights. 
Now, with the left seeking any excuse to deny Second Amendment rights to Americans, there is much effort underway to use a nofly list or even a selectee list to not only deny travel and flight rights to falsely listed American citizens with little or no due process to remove one’s name from that list, but to extend denial of gun ownership rights as well. 
good tool for protecting against terror strikes, but needs criteria revision for a due process for those that have been wrongly listed to have an open chance to face their accusation. 
let alone now the Second, Amendment constitutional protections are in danger of being denied for those citizens that are falsely listed because their name sounds like the name of someone actually who bears being watched or, in the hands of an aggressive gun control administration, the use of IRS type tactics against people the powers that be don’t like. 
Such lists are dangerous to basic liberty. Let’s first fix the process for how the nofly list tool is used and revised before adding more restrictions, ones that would not have even captured the 
San Bernardino shooters, to this list being added, the Democrat gun control Christmas or holiday period list. 
OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 644, TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 2250, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 560 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendments thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a single motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendments. The Senate amendments and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the question. 
WOMACK ). The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), my friend, 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 644, 
the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, a continuing resolution which runs through December 16, 2015. 
motion from the chair of the Committee on Appropriations to concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, with 60 minutes of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations on the motion. In addition, the rule provides for one motion to recommit. 
Mr. Speaker, first, this resolution allows for consideration of the conference report on the Customs bill. I think it is important to put the work of this House in perspective. As Speaker RYAN noted yesterday, in the entirety of the last Congress, only three conference reports became law. However, with the passage of this conference report, this Congress will have passed three conference reports in 10 days. I am pleased that Speaker RYAN’s 
This conference report is a good product. One provision especially important to me is the establishment of new tools for Customs and Border Protection, the CBP, to effectively act against the evasion of antidumping and countervailing duties. I was first introduced to this issue in 2009, when the Chinese dumped literally tens of thousands of tires on the U.S. market, leading to devastating job losses at tire factories across America. I helped to lead the charge at that time to ensure that the Department of Commerce would impose antidumping and countervailing duties. The ENFORCE Act language included in the conference report provides a mechanism and incentive for the CBP to properly investigate and apply appropriate duties to ensure that U.S. companies can compete on a level playing field. 
conference report includes language which permanently bans States and localities from imposing a tax on Internet access. Initially enacted in 1998, this prohibition has enabled greater access to Internet services and information. It is estimated that if Congress fails to continue the ban on taxes on Internet access, consumers could end up paying more than $16.4 billion annually. This moratorium has been law since 1998 on a temporary basis, and I am pleased this conference report reflects our intention to make it permanent. 
Mr. Speaker, in addition to the Customs measure, this legislation contains a 5day continuing resolution to allow the Appropriations Committee to continue its work towards an omnibus appropriations measure. It is simple, straightforward, and extends funding 
for all government agencies through December 16, 2015, at current funding levels. 
shortterm CR, which will allow the Appropriations Committee the time to conclude negotiations on a fullyear funding measure with its Senate counterparts and the White House. I am encouraged by the hard work of Chairman ROGERS and Ranking Member 
LOWEY , whose leadership on this cannot be overstated. 
One of the preeminent responsibilities we are tasked with, as Members of Congress, is to ensure that government continues to function. While a CR is not the ideal vehicle, the alternative of a government shutdown is not what we have been sent to Washington to accomplish. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the rule and the underlying legislation. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition—I might add, reluctant opposition—to the rule on two important bills that really shouldn’t be controversial: the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250—that is a shortterm continuing resolution. It shouldn’t be necessary. This body should have acted, but given that the body has not passed through regular order an appropriations process to keep government open, that bill is necessary—and the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
Customs bill, is a bill that needs to pass in some form. I want to see it pass. I have voted for it to go to conference. It has a lot of provisions that are extremely important to many Members, to our economy, and to even Americans traveling casually overseas. It increases, finally, the amount of items they can buy as gifts for their friends and then bring back without having to pay duties. But looking at the version that we are considering today under this rule, which does not allow amendments, I think the body would be better taking individual votes on some of the provisions. 
There is a lot of good in this bill, but 
there is also a blatant attack on climate science, on environmental protection, and, really, items that serve no purpose in a bill written to facilitate trade. They even put a separate item preventing Internet sales tax, which I support the bill separately, and somehow this wound up in the Customs bill, a totally unrelated measure from a different committee that wound up in this bill at the last minute, this Christmas tree bill. It wasn’t in the House or the Senate version before. I think we do need to give Members a chance to be on the record to approve or not approve these items individually, and I think that would be the open process that 
Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, our shortterm continuing resolution, is 
straightforward and is necessary as we near the shutdown of government, which would otherwise occur December 11. Today would be the last day that we would fund government, so, of course, we have to act. You don’t hear objection about that. The only objection I hear is: Why does this Congress always wait until the eleventh hour to pass these kinds of bills? It just doesn’t make any sense. You don’t wait until the day before government shuts down to say: Okay. We will give ourselves a 5day reprieve. 
Are we even going to be able to complete the omnibus or continuing resolution in those 5 days? I don’t know. Are we going to be back here next Wednesday doing another 3day or 5day CR? 
are doing this, nothing new. No new information about how to better construct funding bills comes to us next week or the week after than we had last week or 2 weeks ago. I don’t understand why we didn’t do these bills last month. We passed the budget bills. We agreed on the overall dollar figures about a month ago. That is one of the hardest things about figuring out the appropriations bills and spending is what levels are you going to spend. We agreed on that. The House, the Senate, and the President agreed. So that is not even being discussed. Why didn’t we do it within a week of that and just be done with it? It makes no sense. 
the new deadline to finish Congress’ appropriations work and keep government open, and I do think that Members and the public are anxious for us to complete our work. It is also critical that we get a good product. 
Republicans, have previously shown this country their willingness to go into a shutdown, so I hope that we take this new 5day period to avoid a shutdown permanently rather than just to do another 3 or 5 days again and again and again. 
Why aren’t we sending a bill on appropriations to the President today? From my point of view, it seems like it is nothing more than partisan politics that is keeping it from getting done. I think the votes are here—they have been here, were here a month ago, and were here a week ago—for a commonsense bill that meets the budget that we have already agreed on, that doesn’t have completely unrelated Christmas tree policy riders that were put together in smokefilled rooms rather than the open process that the new Speaker has committed to. And it is a real opportunity for this body to live up to that promise and put together an appropriations bill that passes overwhelmingly, which I think can absolutely be done. 
or controversial riders. The appropriations bills are not a place for them. You don’t bring government to the brink of a shutdown over policy disagreements. You don’t say: ‘‘Look, unless we don’t fund Planned Parenthood, we are shutting down government. Look, unless you don’t ban the EPA from keeping our air clean, we are 
going to shut down government.’’ You can have those debates and you can have those discussions, but it is not appropriate to do that with a threat of shutting down government. 
some sort of pledge to have no extraneous or legislation or mustpass bills? Well, what about taking on the President’s attempt to protect clean air standards? If Republicans want it, then debate it and pass it. If you want to defund Planned Parenthood, then debate it and pass it, but not in a last minute, closed package with a threat of closing government. 
highway bill to pass a longterm authorization. It worked great. It didn’t have what every single Member wanted, and we had to make tough compromises, but we can live with it. It passed overwhelmingly. Compromise is what we took yesterday when I got to go to the White House to see the Every Student Succeeds Act signed, the new Federal education law that replaces No Child Left Behind. It passed overwhelmingly in its final form in both the House and the Senate. Now, a compromise is not seeing how many partisan stocking stuffers you can jam into a mustpass bill before we head home for the holidays. 
bill, H.R. 644, it is, for the most part, a very positive bill. The Customs bill is about giving the administration the tools they need to make sure we are fighting a fair fight when it comes to trade and to updating and eliminating unintended consequences of other trade laws. I heard Ranking Member LEVIN 
testify in the Rules Committee yesterday that the key to enforcement on trade issues was the willingness of the administration to act, and the final step of enforcing our existing and future trade agreements will always fall to the executive branch. But they can’t fight those fights without the right tools in the toolbox. That is what the Customs bill does, and this bipartisan bill has a lot of very highquality elements that we will likely send to the administration before the holidays. 
would require immediate action to investigate and address trade cheats and take measures to stop those who continually attempt to circumvent the penalties already imposed on them. It establishes and funds the Interagency Trade Enforcement Center, which helps agencies find trade cheats and those who engage in illegal dumping that risk putting Americans out of work. It establishes the Trade Enforcement Fund, which would provide critical and dedicated resources to enforce our 
trade agreements, and it would help with capacity building, an important issue which would help our current and future trading partners implement labor and environmental standards that we push them towards in a real way. 
The bill also contains important language on ending the importation of goods made from child or forced labor, which is yet another step we are taking towards ending this abominable practice on a global scale. It also includes bipartisan language which gives the executive branch new tools in evaluating and consulting with partner countries who may be manipulating their currency. 
with enforcing our trade agreements, then the enforcement provisions in this bill are a major step forward. We may still have to push this Executive when we feel they aren’t using these tools, but having these tools available is a critical step. 
to American small business. The bill makes commerce at the border more efficient. It modernizes the operation of Customs and Border Patrol; and something that I fought for for many years, it raises the de minimis threshold from $200 to $800, which, again, is important to all Americans who travel overseas. Being able to have smaller items cross our border dutyfree is a major win for small businesses and consumers, especially in the ecommerce space on the commercial side, but also for casual tourists who travel overseas. 
What that means is, when you are reentering this country, if you ever have to fill out one of those forms if you are coming back from Mexico or Canada or Europe, the de minimis threshold was $200, and technically you are responsible for a duty above that. This finally raises it. It hasn’t been adjusted for inflation for decades. This raises it to $800, so you can truly bring back gifts for your friends and family. This is important for individuals, and it is important for businesses. 
corrections that are important to companies in my district, like adjusting tariff lines for outdoor wear and footwear. 
I am also very excited to say, as the 
bill includes the Nepal Trade Preferences Act, a very important provision that is a tangible benefit for Nepal’s recovering economic market. That is simply the right thing to do. As many here know, Nepal suffered a devastating earthquake on April 25, 2015. Over 9,000 people were killed; 23,000 were injured. The earthquake triggered a series of avalanches on Mt. Everest where 19 people, including one of my constituents, were killed in what was the deadliest day in Mt. Everest history. The country has begun the urgent 
process of rebuilding. Despite the trying circumstances, Nepal has remained resilient. On December 20, I am proud to say, the democratically elected constituent assembly announced the passage of a new democratic constitution, a remarkable chapter for a country that, until recently, had been mired in civil war and strife. 
Nepal Caucus, in introducing the Nepal Trade Preferences Act, which gives preferential treatment to textile, leather, and apparel products made in Nepal. And the bill facilitates capacity building to help expand the Nepali export market. 
of my colleague from Florida (Mr. CRENSHAW ), and the simultaneous effort that has been taking place in the Senate under the leadership of Senator FEINSTEIN . 
Nepal is a very important and strategic ally between global powers, India and China. Cooperation with America to help build capacity and build the Nepali economy and stability is a critical foreign policy priority, in addition to being an economic benefit to the American people. 
for poverty reduction worldwide. I am heartened to see that this act, which attempts to do that, is included in the Customs bill. 
would anybody oppose this bill? Unfortunately, like anything, it is not that easy. I joined my Democratic colleagues in voting against the Customs bill when it was on the House floor last summer. Despite knowing that it needed to get done, I was simply unable to vote for a bill that contained extraneous, unnecessary attacks on climate science, on environmental protections, and on immigrants. 
needed to be taken out in the conference committee. They should have been taken out in the conference committee. If they were, I would be proudly 100 percent supporting this bill. If I could, in an open process, I would be amending the bill today to take them out, so that this bill could enjoy broad Democratic support. 
that, emerging from conference, this bill is less bad than it was. Included in the underlying report is a renegotiated provision on greenhouse gas emissions and the role in international trade agreements that certainly is not as bad as the version that originally passed the House and, many argue, would not have any significant legally constraining role on agreements negotiated by the chief executive. 
that would have prohibited the USTR from pursuing trade agreements that 
obligate United States law or regulation towards global warming and climate change was stripped. It was replaced with an equally nontopical, but 
agreements from including obligations to alter U.S. law or regulations surrounding greenhouse gas emissions. 
will not be the stage on which the United States establishes and implements strong and thoughtful climate change policy. That is what Congress is for, that is what our States are for, that is what our local governments are for. That must be done. I think we all agree that won’t be done through trade agreements. 
added to speak to a deeply held fear by my Republican Party colleagues to even acknowledge that climate change exists. To my colleagues on the other side, I would say, this is simply not the place for that kind of ideological statement. 
itself by explicitly allowing the USTR to seek provisions, including those related to global warming and climate change, if doing so would fulfill another negotiating objective. 
So, we bar negotiators from discussing environmental policy objectives and then flip, allowing them to do so if it meets another objective. 
Not only is this language unnecessary, it is a messy, convoluted, contradictorytype of compromise that nobody really even knows what it would mean, and is really rife for lawyers on both sides to be debating it for years or decades. 
now talking about specifics on fighting climate change. And here we are today, with the only political party in the developed world that still questions the existence of climate change in their very platform, attaching this ridiculous provision to an unrelated Customs bill, embarrassing our own negotiators while they are in Paris. 
rest of the world on this, you don’t agree with scientists on this, you don’t agree with the majority of Americans on that. We get that. Next year, feel free to pass a resolution that says, we don’t believe in climate change, if that is what you want to do. But put it on your letterhead; don’t put it into an unrelated Customs bill that is actually important for our economy and for the American people. Stop trying to muddle good bipartisan bills with this sort of divisive, unscientific language that, frankly, not only threatens the environment, but also embarrasses our country. These kinds of provisions have no place in bills like the Customs bill and should have been taken out in the process. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
with my friend on the other side on a number of areas. I, too, have concerns about the process by which we operate, and would have preferred a number of 
these items to come, as my friend suggests, separately. But the reality is, of course, we are late in the year and late in the session, we have got significant work to do, and this, I think, is the best way to proceed. 
It is worth noting that the conference report itself is a compromise. The Democrats and Republicans were involved in putting that together, and, indeed, this entire bill has considerable Democratic support, as we work toward a larger compromise on the omnibus itself. 
up in this situation. Frankly, the Appropriations Committee in this House accomplished its work—all of its work—for the first time in a long time early this year. All 12 legislative bills passed through the Appropriations Committee, six of them across this floor. To suggest that anything has 
been done in the dark or in the back room, frankly, ignores that fact. 
appropriations bills to come to the floor. They didn’t do that as a body. My friends on the other side of the aisle in the Senate—the Democrats— chose not to allow any bills to come to the floor. To be fair to them, they also completed every appropriations bill through the full committee. That is the first time that has happened in many, many years in the United States Senate. 
larger agreement, the budget agreement, which I was happy to vote for, and I know my friend on the other side also voted for, until we reached that point, the appropriations process in the other body didn’t happen. At some point, that affects what is going on over here. If they are not moving bills, we stop moving bills because it is sort of a waste of time to do that. If you have got complaints, you should talk to your colleagues in the other body on your side of the aisle, and tell them hopefully next year they won’t try to keep bills from moving to the floor in a normal way. Again, I am proud that this body moved all 12 bills through the Appropriations Committee. 
I also want to make a couple of other 
points in terms of where we are now in trying to reach an omnibus. This puts me a little bit, again, at odds with my friend. I don’t think that is a closed process. Frankly, it is a pretty normal process. There are representatives involved in these negotiations, both Democratic and Republican, and from the administration. They are working very hard, in good faith, to try and do something that is extremely difficult. Writing a $1.1 trillion omnibus bill takes a lot of time, and there are multiple items to be negotiated. I think both sides are negotiating in good faith in this legislative body, and I think the administration is participating in good faith. 
that riders on appropriations bills, as they are called, is somehow unusual. 
They certainly, when they were in the majority, had lots of riders on appropriations bills. It is just not an unusual thing. There is, obviously, giveand take on these things. But Congress, exercising the power of the purse, is a perfectly appropriate constitutional tool to use. 
In this case, where we end up will, indeed, be a compromise. The omnibus bill cannot pass either Chamber, and certainly has to be signed by the President of the United States. A Republican Congress, our friends with the appropriate tools and votes that they have, the President of the United States, who has the ultimate veto pen, all of these parties will have to be placated. Again, that negotiation is long and complex. We are making good progress. All parties are represented there. 
this body, hopefully, in the next few days. I share my friend’s concern. I would prefer not to be here. But if we have to be here next week and have two or three more days to have the process work out, so be it. 
from this, and that we have a chance to implement next year, are let’s do a normal process. We already have an agreement now for next year’s spending numbers. That is a step in the right direction, and, actually, says a lot of good things about all parties and all concerned that they were able to come to this larger agreement earlier this year. 
to move all 12 bills across the floor in regular order under an open rule so every Member can come down here and participate. I know that that is certainly the goal of Chairman ROGERS , 
the chairman of the Appropriations Committee. I know that is the goal of his ranking member, the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ). 
set us up both for a fruitful compromise here in the waning days of the calendar year in the legislative session, and has actually laid the foundation for something we have not seen around here in a long time: regular order, next year. In the course of that regular order, all of us will be forced to compromise. 
a Republican Congress and a Democratic President. We still operate in a system of checks and balances that our Constitutional forebearers set up over 230 years ago. That system has served us pretty well over the course of our history. I think it will continue to. And it will continue to demand compromise. We have seen a little bit more of that lately. I know my friend has his concerns, some of which, again, I share. 
has: number one, produced the first unitary budget since 2001, where the Senate and the House agree that, for 
appropriations bills through the Appropriations Committee of both Chambers; that, actually, in recent days and weeks, passed landmark legislation, as my friend referred to, the Reauthorization of Higher Education Act, where I know he played a role in that; the highway bill that was recently passed; this conference report, which I know my friend has some concerns with, but, in fairness, speaks well of him, and pointed out a lot of things that he liked in this conference report. 
If we sit here and wait to pass things 
where we all get 100 percent of what we want, nothing will ever pass the United States Congress. Certainly, in a bill this large, when we reach the omnibus, that is going to call for many compromises. This bill before us has called for many compromises. But people have found a way to work in good faith. 
My friend is perfectly in order to oppose the rule. That is a pretty normal position for each side to take, minority and majority. I never have any problem with that. I think we will pass the rule. I hope he looks at the entire bill: the funding of the government and the Customs Act, where he had some concerns, but also had many things to point to that he thought were appropriate and good; and the Internet tax prevention that we now make permanent, where I know my friend has worked very hard for many years to do that. 
this bill that he doesn’t like. There are some things in this bill that I don’t like. But I think if you look at the merits of it, the permanent end of taxes on the Internet, the Customs legislation that my friend very ably pointed out has many good provisions; finally, the essential operation of government for the next few days, so people negotiating in good faith for both my friend’s party and my party and from the administration can actually arrive at a deal. I think there is a lot of merit in the underlying legislation. 
Again, my friend is perfectly within his rights to oppose both these measures, the rule and the final bill. I certainly understand his concern about the rule. If the roles were reversed, my concerns would probably be similar. I hope he looks to the underlying legislation when that vote comes and says, there are a lot of good things here. 
both sides. There is real compromise. We have done a lot of that in the last few weeks under Speaker RYAN. I think 
we have the opportunity to do more next year. Let’s pass the rule, pass the underlying legislation; get to finishing our business in the next few days; hopefully give the American people what they deserve: some peace, quiet, and certainty in the Christmas season; and then come back here next year with an opportunity to build on this and do some tremendous things in a bipartisan way. That is what I intend to work for. I know that is what my 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), a senior member of 
I am here to speak in support of the 
Customs bill that we will be facing later today. It represents significant progress over the version from earlier this summer that I opposed. Part of this progress is due to strong bipartisan support from the Senate and bipartisan giveandtake with some of my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee. 
to see some of these elements improve. I think it is important to recognize that the bill before us is substantially better. I know there are concerns by some of my friends about currency manipulation, which I share, and we have been pushing for and secured stronger provisions. 
In the Customs bill, we have elements that represent the giveandtake of a legislative process, working with the administration; and the provisions, while no one would suggest they are perfect, are substantially better than the situation we have right now. We will be better off with the currency provisions in the Customs bill. 
fought for that are important to my constituents—businesses in the Pacific Northwest—dealing with unfair and outmoded tariff provisions, dealing with things like performance outerwear, that I know I share with my friend from Colorado. These are important both in terms of businesses that we represent and constituents that we represent who value that equipment— the shoes, the outdoor apparel—and making it more affordable. 
that the Customs system works more appropriately, there are important things that I think all of us can point to and be enthusiastic about. Both speakers have mentioned the end of the importation of products that are made by child and forced labor. There are strong provisions here to help us keep that out of the stream of commerce. 
the ENFORCE Act, and there have been problems—tires, solar panels—up in my area. We have had people cheat and do so with impunity. Incorporating the provisions of the ENFORCE Act gives us the tools to go after the cheaters, to make them pay, and to protect American companies and their employees. 
It permanently establishes the Interagency Trade Enforcement Center to centralize and enforce trade enforcement. This is an area that I have been working on throughout this process. In 
the Ways and Means Committee, I introduced the STRONGER Act with my friend and former fellow Northwesterner, Senator MARIA CANTWELL from 
Washington, to deal with ways to better enforce our agreements. 
and trade enforcement takes a long period of time. They are expensive. Frankly, we are not equipped as well as we should be to do the job of protecting Americans by enforcing and implementing these agreements. 
fund for enforcement and incountry capacity building. It provides for up to $30 million a year. It may not seem like much when we are talking about hundreds of billions of dollars in the Federal Government, but when you consider that the budget of the United States Trade Representative is less than $60 million to do all of the things with which they are charged, being able to have a $30 million a year enforcement fund is a very significant advancement. 
climate provisions. I think they are unfortunate and should have been left out. I think my Republican friends in the future are going to be embarrassed by doing things like this, particularly when the rest of the world is in Paris, working to try and help deal with the crisis that is carbon pollution and climate change. 
As a practical matter, again, the result of working with the administration and people in the Senate, the provision that is stuck in the bill, yes, is confusing, but it is much better than it was in June, and I am convinced it doesn’t change the status quo at all, nor prohibit other efforts in different forums, such as Paris. 
friends, I think, and I do believe that they will rue the day for doing things like this. But, as a practical matter, we are not going to solve our climate problems through international trade. This doesn’t change that. 
composition of the Senate and Republican opposition, we couldn’t pass those things when we were in charge. So we are going to do it through other mechanisms. This Customs bill does not prevent that. I strongly urge my colleagues’ favorable consideration. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
First of all, I want to thank my good 
friend from Oregon for coming to the floor and for, frankly, more ably explaining the Customs portion of this legislation than I could. 
I want to commend him and his colleagues for working in a bipartisan fashion to improve a bill that had passed earlier this year in ways that I think broadly make it more acceptable 
is to be commended for that. So are his colleagues on that committee on both sides of the aisle. So is the administration, which I know has been heavily involved in these deliberations. 
argument for the passage of the underlying legislation. When you combine that with a permanent prohibition on Internet taxation—something I assume my friend also supports—and the necessary continuing resolution to give us a few more days to negotiate a bipartisan omnibus spending bill that, frankly, both parties will need to contribute votes toward and that the administration ultimately will have the prerogative of signing, I take these to be hopeful signs. 
happened in the last few weeks on a bipartisan transportation bill and on a bipartisan education bill and with what I am convinced is essentially a bipartisan conference report here today and with what will be a bipartisan omnibus bill, it sounds to me like significant progress. 
sides of the aisle can take some pride in as long as we get it done, hopefully, in a timely way next week and then come back here and build on this progress for all of next year, when we can move under regular order. 
work on the Customs portion of this. I also thank him for giving what I thought was a very thoughtful, constitutional lesson in giveandtake. 
all like to achieve, but that are just simply not possible, given the distribution of political power, the checks and balances in our system, and the fact that people do have, indeed, differing opinions and perspectives. 
this point I think demonstrates we can produce a good product even within a complex constitutional system, with a rather polarized political environment, and given the hard realities of divided government. I am pleased we have made the progress that we have made, and I thank my friend for his participation in that. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
the gentleman from Colorado and let me thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for the thoughtful discussion and for the tone in which it is offered. 
Mr. Speaker, I think all of us certainly are interested in coming to a place next week that embraces, really, the values of America and all of our concerns, and, obviously, riders that are toxic are obstacles we need to continue to discuss. 
with blue tarps on the tops of their homes, blue tarps that have been there since the terrible Hurricane Ike. Obviously, we need the Housing and Urban Development to have funding that not only addresses affordable housing, but senior housing repair. 
development. In the manner in which we are going through this, we are looking for that kind funding to make sure that the plusup of $80 billion that came about through the budget agreement gets evenly distributed, if you will. What happens is that, with the extenders of tax provisions that are unpaid for, the blue tarps in my district continue to exist. Seniors have roofs that are falling in. 
which many of us will be looking this weekend, and we will be looking to the appropriators to do what is right by the American people. 
We wrote a letter regarding the Minority HIV/AIDS Program, which was gutted out. Mr. Speaker, let me tell you that HIV/AIDS is resurging among young people and among minorities. This is no time to zero out that funding. 
asking the question whether you are putting in toxic riders, but are not focusing on funding that is needed. The Thomas Street Clinic in my district needs the minority HIV funding. 
POLIS and Mr. C OLEare certainly interested in making sure that transportation funding matches the funding that came about through the bill. Then, certainly, I hope that, as I listen to the calm discussion by Mr. POLIS, we 
can find a way to eliminate the prohibition from the Centers for Disease Control to not do their work. 
discerning the impact of gun violence on suicide? of the impact of gun violence on young people who are committing suicide? We have done research on drunk driving. We have done research on cancer. We have done research on diabetes. We have done research to move the country forward in a healthy manner. Why are we blocking the CDC from assessing what the impact is from gun violence? 
As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I now understand that the Internet Tax Freedom Act is in this legislation and it is in this legislation permanently. There was no hearing. I remember this bill on the floor of the House in June. 
have a number of letters to include for the RECORD . One is from Tom McGee, 
the President and CEO of the International Council of Shopping Centers. One is from the NRF. One is from the AFL–CIO. 
70,000 members of the International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC), I am writing to 
urge you to oppose the conference report on H.R. 644, Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act, which contains a nongermane provision permanently extending the Internet Tax Freedom Act (PITFA). This is considered a key vote for ICSC. 
paired with long awaited remote sales tax collection legislation, the added fiscal pressure being put on states and local governments will result in less funds for first responders and infrastructure and additional pressure to increase other state and local taxes such as sales or property taxes. This will truly add insult to injury for thousands of local businesses across the country. 
but strongly believes that a permanent restriction on states’ ability to tax telecommunications services should absolutely be linked with the restoration of states’ rights to collect sales taxes that are already owed in 45 states today. It is not only a missed opportunity to pursue good policy, but the manner in which this provision is being advanced certainly represents a departure from regular order. 
After more than 20 years, close to 40 hearings and a successful bipartisan vote in the Senate, it is time for Congress to do the right thing and update sales tax collection policy to reflect the 21st century marketplace. The shopping center industry has sales that represent 15% of U.S. GDP, employs 1 out of every 11 Americans and generates $141 billion in sales tax revenue. Our industry touches people’s lives every day and is essential to the economic, civic and social vibrancy of every community. We urge you to send an important message on state tax policy and oppose H.R. 644. Please vote NO when the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act Conference report is voted on later this week. 
SPEAKER RYAN: On behalf of the National Retail Federation (NRF), I would like to take this opportunity to share our views on the Conference Report to the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (HR 644). NRF is concerned with the lastminute inclusion of the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act (PITFA) as part of the Conference Report, without also including legislation to provide parity in sales tax treatment of internet sales with sales in brick and mortar stores, like H.R. 2775, The Remote Transactions Parity Act. 
a Customs Reauthorization bill, especially those provisions focused on trade facilitation. We believe the Conference Report includes provisions to help facilitate and streamline the Customs process. While we strongly support enforcement of U.S. trade laws, we remain concerned with the final enforcement language and the impact it will have on retailers and other downstream consumers. 
about the inclusion of the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act (PITFA) in the final conference report. Retailers have long believed that it is appropriate to eliminate the 
sales tax discrimination for brick and mortar stores as part of Congressional consideration of PITFA. This past Thanksgiving weekend was the first time that electronic sales surpassed brick and mortar sales in that key metric for retail sales. As more and more Main Street retailers close their doors because they cannot compete, it is time for Congress to remove the sales tax advantage for internet sellers that is harming our communities. We need a level playing field so retailers can compete without the government advantaging one sector of the industry over another. 
NRF is the world’s largest retail trade association, representing discount and department stores, home goods and specialty stores, Main Street merchants, grocers, wholesalers, chain restaurants and Internet retailers from the United States and more than 45 countries. Retail is the nation’s largest private sector employer, supporting one in four U.S. jobs—42 million working Americans. Contributing $2.6 trillion to annual GDP, retail is a daily barometer for the nation’s economy. 
from the final conference report, unless it is accompanied by sales tax fairness. 
AFLCIO, I write to urge you to oppose the conference report on H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Customs Bill). 
from the Senate had bipartisan support and included provisions supported by both labor and industry, was loaded up in the House with numerous controversial and partisan provisions that weakened or unacceptably altered it and would make it more difficult to negotiate trade agreements that are good for workers and the environment. Unfortunately, numerous of these unacceptable provisions remain in the bill that will be voted upon. 
Stripped from the final bill is a critical bipartisan currency provision that would have made clear the U.S. can treat currency manipulation as a countervailable subsidy. The remaining currency provisions are a poor substitute, simply calling for ‘‘engagement’’ and with socalled ‘‘consequences’’ that simply won’t work—including the possible exclusion from OPIC funding, something the worst currency manipulators (including China and Japan) don’t receive anyway. 
The conferenced Customs Bill also contains language that U.S. free trade agreements (FTAs) must not include obligations regarding greenhouse gas emissions. This will prevent the United States from making meaningful commitments on climate policy. It is incomprehensible how a 21st century trade agenda would ignore the reality of important climate issues. 
Also included in the bill is language weakening the Menendez trafficking amendment, which barred Tier 3 trafficking nations from joining U.S. FTAs. Weakening this provision by allowing a nation to be included should they merely implement ‘‘principal’’ recommendations for changes, undermines the U.S. commitment to lead on human trafficking and raises doubt regarding the ability of the FTAs to protect workers and ensure compliance by trading partners with internationally recognized ILO labor rights, including the right to be free from forced labor. This move is particularly troubling 
given the recent interest expressed by Thailand in joining the TransPacific Partnership (TPP). Thailand is a Tier 3 trafficking nation and should not be allowed to participate in the TPP until such time as it is no longer justifiably designated as a worsttrafficking nation. On a related note, language is included in the bill that could be used to prevent trade deals from ensuring that migrant workers have effective protections and remedies against fraud, trafficking, forced labor, and other forms of labor exploitation and abuse. 
unrelated to trade. We strenuously oppose the inclusion of the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act (PITFA), which bans the authority of state and local governments to impose taxes on internet access. By restricting state and local government taxing authority, this bill reduces the ability of state and local governments to raise funds to invest in needed infrastructure, education, health care, job training and other vital public services. This unrelated harmful measure was unfortunately added at the last minute. 
ENFORCE Act, which would address the circumvention of antidumping and countervailing duties and assist with addressing unfair trade, other provisions in this bill remain unacceptable. 
The Customs Conference Report unfortunately too closely resembles the flawed House version of the bill and the AFLCIO urges you to oppose it. 
point I want to make is, with what you are doing, even though there is a 4year lapse, you are grandfathering this. My own State of Texas will lose $358 million, Wisconsin $120 million, Ohio $65 million, and South Dakota will lose about $13 million. 
from the Federal Government? What are we going to do to the retail industry that has bricks and mortar? 
CR, but I do believe we should work together to do things that impact us positively and not negatively. Get rid of the riders and help our States, which have a need to have this Internet tax provision lifted. 
House Judiciary Committee; as the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations; and as the representative from Houston, I rise in opposition to the ‘‘Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act’’ being in this bill. 
When originally enacted in 1998, the Internet Tax Freedom Act established a temporary moratorium on multiple and discriminatory taxation of the Internet as well as new taxes on Internet access. 
moratorium on a temporary basis. The bill before us will make that moratorium permanent. 
the Act’s grandfather protections for states that imposed such taxes prior to the Act’s enactment date. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill is problematic for several reasons. First, Congress, instead of supporting this 
seriously flawed legislation, should be focusing on meaningful ways to help state and local governments, taxpayers, and local retailers. The House can do that by addressing the remote sales tax issue. 
In addition to extending the expiring moratorium on a temporary basis, the House should take up and send to the Senate legislation that would give states the authority to collect sales taxes from remote sellers. 
sellers to collect and remit sales taxes as well as require states to simplify several procedures that would benefit retailers. 
local governments to collect more than $23 billion in estimated uncollected sales taxes each year. 
The measure would also help level the playing field for local retailers—who must collect sales taxes—when they compete with outof state businesses that do not collect these taxes. 
Retail competitors should be able to compete fairly with their internet counterparts at least with respect to sales tax policy. 
the remote sales tax disparity before the end of this Congress. 
the immediate revenues for the grandfather protected states and all states progressively in the long term. 
The Congressional Budget Office, for example, estimates that this bill will cost certain states ‘‘several hundred million dollars annually’’ in lost revenues. 
Indeed, the Federation of Tax Administrators has estimated that the bill will cause the grandfatherprotected states to lose at least $500 million in lost revenue annually. 
this bill will result in a revenue loss of $358 million per year. Texas will not be alone in these losses, annually: Wisconsin will lose about $127 million, Ohio will lose about $65 million, and South Dakota will lose about $13 million. 
governments will have to choose whether they will cut essential government services—such as educating our children, maintaining needed transportation infrastructure, and providing essential public health and safety services—or shift the tax burden onto other taxpayers through increased property, income, and sales taxes. 
Meanwhile, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities has estimated that the permanent moratorium will deny the nongrandfathered states of almost $6.5 billion in potential state and local sales tax revenues each year in perpetuity. 
This bill will burden taxpayers, while excluding an entire industry from paying their fair share of taxes. 
Finally, this bill ignores the fundamental nature of the Internet. 
made temporary to ensure that Congress, industry, and state and local governments would be able to monitor the issue and make adjustments where necessary to accommodate new technologies and market realities. 
The Act was intended as a temporary measure to assist and nurture the fledgling Internet that—back in 1998—was still in its commercial 
the internet still is in need of extraordinary protection in the form of exemption from all state taxation. 
But, the internet of 2015 is drastically different from its 1998 predecessor. And, surely the internet and its attendant technology will continue to evolve. 
severely limits Congress’s ability to revisit and make any necessary adjustments. 
H.R. 235 and I reserve the balance of my time. 
The bill is misguided legislation that will devastate state revenues, especially for those states currently protected by the grandfather clause, and could force state governments to eliminate essential governmental programs and services, while increasing the burden on taxpayers. 
For all of these reasons, I urge my colleagues to reject this flawed legislation; that makes the internet tax moratorium permanent, in part. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
distinguished gentlewoman from Texas, for coming down and raising important issues. 
where HUD is concerned, but it would be my hope that her concerns would be addressed, quite frankly. I think, with the additional funds that are a product of the bipartisan negotiations of the Budget Act, which I know my friend supported, there is certainly a prospect that that will occur. 
now are indeed bipartisan. I have no doubt my friend’s point of view is ably represented by her Democratic colleagues in those negotiations and by the administration. So, hopefully, we will arrive at a product in the next few days that will address some of those concerns. 
I want to reinforce my friend’s remarks about moving in a cooperative way. Again, we are not going to agree on every part of every piece of legislation, but I think the underlying legislation that we present today is a product of bipartisan cooperation and of compromise and of giveandtake. It is my hope that many people on both sides of the aisle will be able to support that. 
of the Customs proposals. My friend from Oregon earlier laid out the many virtues with them, and, frankly, my friend from Colorado has extolled many parts of them. 
Internet I think is something we have routinely passed through this body since 1998. It has usually not been a particularly contentious issue. It is something we agree on on both sides of the aisle. Making it permanent makes a lot of sense, and I am hopeful that many of my colleagues who have 
worked so hard on that will see that as an advantage. 
a shortterm continuing resolution because we know that our Representatives on the Appropriations Committee—certainly Chairman ROGERS  
not going to agree on every part of this bill. There will be elements, socalled riders, that are in them that probably some of my friends don’t like. There will be Democratic riders in this bill, not just Republican riders. That is just the process of normal legislation. 
power of the purse. I don’t know any executive branch, be it Republican or Democrat, that ever likes Congress getting down to the details of this. They just expect us to write a check for whatever they ask for. Well, that is not the way our Constitution is set up. 
range of powers and authorities that are unique to itself, at the end of the day, we do fund every single activity that they engage in. At the end of the day, we have the right to say: Well, we agree with you here, here, and here, but we disagree here, and we are not funding that activity. 
point out that wherever we end up at the end of the day is, by necessity, going to be a matter of compromise. My friends, frankly, don’t have the congressional strength in either the House or the Senate to dictate to us, but we don’t have it to dictate to them either. 
United States is of my friend’s political party, and he has got to sign this legislation. So anything that gets done is going to involve a lot of compromises. Anything that comes to this floor, whether you like or dislike it, will have been approved at some level or, at least, accepted at some level by Members of both parties, as this is what we had to agree to. 
am very pleased, frankly, that this process is largely driven by the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Mr. ROGERS , and by Mrs. L OWEY from 
New York. I know them to be exceptional legislators. I know that all parties concerned here and their Senate counterparts and their administration counterparts are involved in a good faith effort to give us a good funding bill for next year and to set the stage for what we hope is a normal appropriations process. 
friends on both sides of the aisle will have the opportunity to see every bill on the floor, the opportunity to offer any amendment they want, the opportunity to literally educate the committee about some concern that may 
be unique to their district or something that they understand, frankly, better than the members of the Appropriations Committee. That is the process that we are trying to get back to. I know it will serve the country well if we can actually reach that. 
months of this year has actually set that up: the budget agreement, which was proceeded by a temporary CR and the budget agreement that came out of that, the omnibus we are working on now, and the legislation that has passed in the last few weeks in a very bipartisan fashion on education and highways. All of those things create a foundation for what can be an exceptionally productive year next year and one where we move through regular order. 
for bringing her concerns to the floor. I look forward to working with her on the underlying legislation, which I hope has enough items in it to attract significant bipartisan support. 
minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND), a member of the 
Ways and Means Committee and as someone who has been involved in negotiations in regards to the Customs bill before us today, I rise in strong support of that bill. I encourage my colleagues to do the same. 
not the Customs bill that was reported out of the House in June of this year, a bill, quite frankly, that I couldn’t support because of extraneous provisions—controversial provisions—that got included in it. 
take in the negotiations, I think we reached a good bipartisan compromise. This is what bipartisanship looks like: the cooperation, the giveandtake. It is not a perfect bill. I know there are still some objections to it. 
At its crux, however, this bill provides us important tools and resources to enhance enforcement mechanisms so we can enforce trade agreements and the standards that we are trying to elevate in these trade agreements. For instance, this bill, with the language that I worked on very hard with my colleagues Mr. LEVIN and Mr. L EWIS on 
the Ways and Means Committee will finally end the importation of goods and products based on the exploitation of child and forced and slave labor. That is in this bill. 
This bill also includes the full ENFORCE Act on the Senate side, the PROMISE Act on the House side that again gives us additional tools to enforce elevated standards in the trade agreements that we lacked previously. 
an interagency trade enforcement center to require greater coordination from our agencies when it comes to the implementation and the enforcement of trade provisions that matter, leveling the playing field for our businesses, our workers, and our farmers. 
With the help of my friend from Oregon, we were able to get included a trade enforcement trust fund so that resources are dedicated for the enforcement of trade agreements. I hear that a lot from our colleagues that they are not so much concerned with what goes into the trade agreements; they are more concerned about the lack of followup and the enforcement of the trade agreements. Again, because of the progress we have made and the creation of this trust fund, there will be resources in the future that will enable us to better enforce the trade agreements that are in front of us. 
gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), establishes a Super 301 section, enhanced trade enforcement on key priorities, such as labor, environmental, and human rights standards that are now being negotiated in the body of these trade agreements. They are fully enforceable like any other provision. This Super 301 gives us tools now to be able to follow that up and enforce it. 
and export promotion program to help our smaller businesses, our manufacturers in our respective States to get in the game and be able to offer more export opportunities to them. We know that with exporting companies their workers are paid roughly 18 to 19 percent more than other workers in our economy, so this is a good thing to help promote exports in our own country. 
This also provides our Treasuryenhanced tools when it comes to fighting against the manipulation of currency in the foreign markets. The Bennett language that was agreed to in this language is a step in the right direction when it comes to the enforcement of currency manipulation. 
is a source of concern that many of our colleagues have expressed concern about and, I think, legitimately so. Again, progress was made in this Customs bill when it comes to currency manipulation. 
important that we move forward on this Customs bill and give this administration and future administrations the tools they need in order to enforce trade agreements so we can elevate standards and begin to level the playing field for our workers, our businesses, and our farmers so that they can be as successful as they can be in the 21st century global economy. I encourage my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
friend’s point and, number one, thank him for his hard work in getting us to this position on this very important Customs legislation. I appreciate the bipartisan manner in which the work product was clearly achieved. I take a lot of hope from the fact that our current Speaker was actually the chairman of the committee in much of that process, and obviously Mr. BRADY from 
Texas continues in that tradition. So I am pretty hopeful that we are seeing a good, open process that is producing products that Members on both sides of this Chamber are happy to support and participate in. So this is a good and hopeful thing. Again, I thank my friend for coming back and educating us about an area he knows a great deal more about than I do. 
has been a leader in this area for many years now, and I appreciate that leadership. 
House Small Business Committee, in strong support of H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
The importance of robust international trade for America’s small businesses cannot be overstated. Small businesses represent 98 percent of all goodsexporting firms in the United States—98 percent are small businesses—establishing our Nation’s role as the world’s leader in international trade. Seven out of every 10 new jobs in this country are created by small businesses. So if we want to improve the economy and trade, small businesses are an integral part of doing that. In my home State of Ohio alone, more than 1.5 million jobs are tied to international trade, many of them with these small firms. 
The bipartisan Customs reauthorization bill before us today will give small businesses the confidence and security they need to compete in a global marketplace. Specifically, it accomplishes this important goal by making sure international trade agreements are working to benefit America’s small businesses and the employees of those small businesses. That is why I am pleased that the finished bill incorporates language that our committee helped to craft to ensure we are doing everything we can to keep the doors of trade open to small businesses. We have done this in that committee, in general, in a bipartisan fashion. 
systems used by Customs and Border Protection, this bill also improves trade facilitation and makes sure their safeguards are working as intended. 
crack down on currency manipulation, this bill ensures that foreign competitors like China aren’t taking advantage of our workers and small businesses. That has been a top issue for those of us that have dealt with trade, and that is the concept, that the Chinese have been manipulating their currency to give them an unfair advantage over America’s businesses, that this bill helps to deal with. 
By empowering the CPB and the Department of Commerce, this bill will make it easier to hold bad actors accountable when they engage in unfair trade or evasive trade practices. Mr. Speaker, this is truly commonsense legislation that will help America’s small businesses at a time when they need our help to compete in the era of globalization. 
of the Ways and Means Committee, for his leadership on this issue. He has worked on this since he introduced a Customs reauthorization bill back in 2011, and I know that is the basis for today’s legislation. I again thank Chairman COLE for his hard work in 
this area because trade is important to jobs. Yes, it is important to large corporations, but it is especially important to those small businesses all across America who engage in international trade. In the Small Business Committee, we are encouraging them more and more to do that. That means more jobs for more families all over this country. 
I urge my colleagues to support this. Mr. POLIS. I yield myself such time 
continuing resolution today, we will still be just 5 days away from a government shutdown. That is no way to run the greatest, freest, most prosperous country on the face of the Earth. We agree on so many of the issues. I urge my colleagues to stop the partisan games. 
can produce good, bipartisan legislation when we just put the controversial, divisive poison pills on the side. Look at what we accomplished in transportation and in education. Let’s continue that trend. Let’s drop the ideological wish list for another time and pass the spending bill without the last minute hysterics and partisan riders. 
In recent weeks, Americans have witnessed two senseless, horrific mass shootings: one very near to my district in Colorado that took three lives, and another in San Bernardino, California, that took 14 lives. These slayings are heartbreaking and tragic. Sadly, no one can any longer use the adjective to describe them as ‘‘shocking.’’ There have been 355 mass shootings in 2015, which, themselves, are just a small portion of the 48,000 incidents of gun violence so far this year. 
given to Americans in our Second Amendment, I believe there are commonplace measures that we must take 
to curtail gun violence. A commonsense improvement we can make is passing legislation to keep individuals who are suspected of terrorist activity from purchasing firearms. 
will offer an amendment to the rule that would allow the House to consider H.R. 1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act of 2015. H.R. 1076 would amend the criminal code to stop the issuance of firearm licenses to people on the terrorism watch list. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, enough is 
enough. It is time to act. Let’s make it harder for criminals and terrorists to quietly assemble arsenals designed to kill innocent Americans. We can do that. We can protect the Second Amendment. We can implement commonsense reforms that keep America safe. 
end gun violence, but we can and we must take action to reduce gun violence. If we defeat the previous question, we will do that. It will pass, and it will become law, and the American people will be safer. Stop standing in the way, Mr. Speaker. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
my friend for the debate and for his thoughtful remarks. 
Not surprisingly, there will be a couple of areas in my close where I disagree with my good friend. One of them is the process itself. I share, actually, his frustration and the need for us to move under regular order. I share the frustration I think both sides share in this that we are doing an omnibus, but I remind my friends, we moved six bills across the floor here. Every bill has moved through the full Committee on Appropriations. 
side of the rotunda need to take a considerable responsibility for the delay in the appropriations, since they prevented the Senate from actually picking up and acting on individual bills. I think, frankly, had they done so, we would have had a more orderly process and been out of here in an easier way. My hope is next year they will do that, because I think in the bipartisan budget compromise, we set a framework up by deciding early on what the top line numbers are for next year, where that process can, indeed, occur. I certainly promise to work with my friends on the other side of the aisle to see that 
we restore regular order, bring each appropriations bill down here. 
friend, too, on this terrorist watch list idea. This is a very interesting point. I think Members on both sides are equally committed to making sure all of our citizens are safe, but the terrorist watch list that my friend has talked about is one of the more mysterious lists in the United States. 
As I read the press, I find one article 
that tells me there are 47,000 people on it; another one that tells me, no, there is 470,000 people; yet another that tells me there are 1 million people on it or more. I do know that the American Civil Liberties Union has called the terrorist watch list a ‘‘massive, virtually standardless, government watch list scheme that ensnares innocent people and encourages racial and religious profiling.’’ Now, that is not from a conservative group. That is the American Civil Liberties Union. 
our distinguished colleagues, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ), who, when he was a State senator, found out accidentally going to the airport he was on the terrorist watch list. He found out another Democratic colleague, another State senator, was also on the terrorist watch list. They inquired as to why, and they were told: Well, we can’t tell you. 
Eventually, working with the Sergeant at Arms of the California Senate, they were able to determine Mr. MCCLINTOCK had been confused with an 
IRA—Irish Republican Army—terrorist, and the other gentleman had been confused with somebody else. We know that the late Senator Kennedy was, at one time, on the terrorist watch list. So I think this is a very imperfect tool that will ensnare lots of innocent Americans in it. 
a fact that was made acquainted to me by our good friend, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) who, along 
with his distinguished record of service for over 21 years in the United States Army, is an arms manufacturer and an arms seller—he pointed out actually the terrorist watch list is one of the lists that is used by the Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms group to decide whether or not to issue a permit. So it is a factor in now. It is not exclusive. You wouldn’t exclude somebody simply because they were there, but it is a factor taken into consideration. 
I say this just to suggest that perhaps we shouldn’t seize on this as a be all and a political talking point. This is worth a real serious look as to whether or not this particular list, how it is compiled, who is on it, what is the appropriate way to use it? 
I think the last thing we should do is 
attach it to legislation without the appropriate hearing and discussion of it, which actually I think my friend on the other side would generally be in favor of. There are plenty of reasons, anecdotal and serious studies, when, again, groups like the American Civil Liberties Union look at this as a very imperfect tool that will violate the civil liberties of the average American. Again, I caution my friends on the other side. It is a great political talking point, but I think it is a pretty imperfect tool, and I think they would find themselves embarrassed, frankly, were it used in the manner that they suggest here. 
close. Passage of the continuing resolution, as we both agree, is critical to prevent a government shutdown and, frankly, to allow both sides and the administration to continue to negotiate. A CR passed the Senate yesterday by voice vote. We should pass this rule, and we should support the underlying legislation. 
AN AMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 560 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To 
opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 236, nays 177, not voting 20, as follows: [Roll No. 690] 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. MCCARTHYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, looking ahead to next week, Members are advised that no votes are expected in the House on Monday. 
first votes of the week are expected on Tuesday at 6:30 p.m., and it is my intent to stay until we get our work done. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 236, noes 174, not voting 23, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer 
Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman 
Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Kildee Kuster Loebsack Meadows Nolan Payne 
Pompeo Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Schweikert Sessions Smith (TX) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
conference report. I am disappointed that we have passed up an opportunity for a truly bipartisan action on Customs and trade legislation. The Senate took that opportunity over the summer. It passed a Customs bill by a vote of 78–20 that was truly about Customs and trade enforcement. It included a strong provision to address currency manipulation, the most significant trade enforcement failure over the past decade, and the Senate bill very importantly avoided including wrongful positions and provisions that had nothing to do whatsoever with Customs or trade enforcement. 
It passed a bill that seeks to prevent our trade agreements from addressing climate change and weakens current law on human trafficking. It failed to include anything meaningful on currency manipulation, even though just a few years ago this House passed a currency bill very similar to what was in the Senate Customs bill by a vote of 348–79. Because of the partisan and flawed nature of the House Customs bill, just 12 Democrats voted for it. 
like the fundamentally flawed House bill than the Senate bill. The conference committee rejected the Senate currency provision, as I said, one that had the support of 348 House Members just a few years ago. 
bill will create jobs and about economic growth. But make no mistake; over the past decade or so, currency manipulation has cost the U.S., our workers, and our industry between 2 and 5 million jobs. Instead, this conference bill includes a meaningless provision that simply calls for more talk, 
more deference to the Treasury Department, and no real action. 
conference report sends just the wrong message as our diplomats are working in Paris with over 150 nations to find an agreement on this threat to our environment. The language in this conference report on climate change is far more than confusing, as some people like to say. It would prevent us, for example, from negotiating provisions like common fuel efficiency standards, a very real possibility in our negotiations with Europe. As reported today from Paris, the Republican Party of the United States may be the only political party anywhere in denial about climate change. That denial is why this provision on climate in this conference report is before us. 
provision weakens current law by allowing for a trade agreement with a tier 3 country to be fasttracked so long as that country ‘‘has taken concrete actions’’ to implement recommended changes, no matter how egregious the conditions are still in place. Countries on tier 3 are the worst actors, countries that the State Department has concluded ‘‘do not fully comply with the minimum standards under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act.’’ We need to get these countries to meet minimum standards on trafficking, certainly well before we enter into a trade investment relationship with them. Unfortunately, this conference report does not get us there. 
outweigh the enforcement provisions that were included in the conference report. Most of the enforcement provisions are weak, and I think they are being oversold. For example, the bill establishes an interagency enforcement center, but that has already existed for several years. 
It renews the Super 301, which requires the USTR to report regularly on its trade enforcement priorities, but this is something an administration can already do on its own, just as the Clinton administration did. 
enforcement trust fund, but those funds still need to be appropriated and paid for, just as they did in the past. 
It requires the ITC to make information related to imports available on its Web site, information that already exists in other forms in the same Web site. 
there are positive aspects of this bill, such as the ENFORCE Act that my colleague LINDA SA´NCHEZ has spearheaded, 
which will help to address the circumvention of antidumping and countervailing duties to address unfair trade. All of the deep flaws in this conference report far overshadow this provision and the real Customs provisions that have long had bipartisan support. 
in this Customs bill. It was neither in the House nor the Senate Customs bill. Not only is it not a Customs measure, it is not even a trade measure. Dropping this provision into a conference report at the last minute and with no warning is no way to legislate. It is the opposite of regular order. 
not tell it straight. As I said, it deletes the only provision that reflects meaningful legislation on currency, which has devastated U.S. jobs and economic growth, legislation that overwhelmingly passed the House previously. 
House to encourage Republicans who oppose action on climate change, as I said, at the same time the world is meeting in Paris, thwarting further possible action on climate change in trade negotiations, including with Europe. 
unrelated to Customs, as I said, never being discussed at the only meeting of the conference committee, relating to taxation of Internet access. It leaves in the dust the issue of trying to even out the taxation of sales on the Internet with sales at hardworking brickand mortar stores. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ), who is the 
the chairman for yielding. I thank him for his hard work, and Mr. BOUSTANY , 
Mr. T IBERI , and other members of the 
committee, who have worked hard on this legislation, and, also, Members across the aisle who have come together to build this piece of legislation presented here today. 
percent of jobs are tied directly to trade. We are the most tradedependent State in the country. This bill supports that trade and those jobs through the elimination of unnecessary roadblocks U.S. companies face when exporting and importing goods and the enhanced enforcement of our laws. And it lays the groundwork for the miscellaneous tariff bill, often called the MTB, which reduces costs on American manufacturers and supports jobs across this country. 
I am proud that this bill includes several provisions that I have championed with colleagues across the aisle from the Pacific Northwest, including outdoor recreation apparel provisions with my colleague from the State of Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), and the renewal of 
the State trade expansion program with my colleague from the State of 
fought hard for those two provisions, and they are included in this legislation. 
grow by making it easier for them to sell their products across this world, which, of course, helps create jobs here in the United States. The more products we sell, the more jobs we create here at home. It has supported over 430 small businesses in Washington and 2,200 jobs. 
join with me today in supporting American farmers, American workers, and businesses through stronger enforcement of our laws and streamlined trade. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ ), another 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. I am extremely frustrated that, after the long path to get us to the conference report before us today, I won’t be able to support the bill. 
As I said during our conference committee meeting earlier this week: if Customs were truly all that this bill was about, it would pass overwhelmingly on the floor. 
in the final bill. Trade enforcement should always move in lockstep with our trade policy. It is only when countries live up to agreedupon laws and regulations that we can truly have robust trade, but robust trade also requires strong enforcement. 
that the bulk of the ENFORCE Act is finally at the finish line after many years of work. One of my biggest priorities for several years has been finding a way to combat the blatant abuse and duty evasion by some foreign producers that undercut American industry. Foreign companies use schemes to avoid paying the duties they owe on goods that they bring into the United States. 
to our enforcement procedures and send the right message to domestic 
manufacturers, employers, and workers that this Congress cares about Customs enforcement. This idea doesn’t hinder free trade. Instead, it promotes fair trade and sends a strong signal to foreign producers that the U.S. will not tolerate abuses of internationally agreed upon trade rules. By increasing our Customs security measures, we ensure that American companies that play by the rules are not disadvantaged as a result of evasion by foreign competitors. 
Unfortunately, unrelated TPA language included in the final bill will keep me from being able to support something that I have worked on for many, many years. 
In this bill, we fail to address currency manipulation in a meaningful way. The conference report also falls 
short in the areas of climate change and human trafficking. Specifically, we should not tie our hands when it comes to combating climate change, nor should we be rushing to increase our trade with countries that persist in allowing human trafficking. To me, these are not the values of this country. They are nobrainers, and they shouldn’t be in this bill. But today, we fell short. 
the final Customs package that we have before us today. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ), the former chairman 
of the Trade Subcommittee who played a key role in bringing forth this legislation. 
for all his leadership on this going back years. 
Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act in April of this year, and it is great to see that this issue is finally getting done. 
leadership going way back as well; and JASON SMITH, the Congressman from 
Missouri, for his incredible work to get this bill in a better place. I would also like to thank my colleagues in the Senate who helped make this a successful conference committee. 
This bill presents a long, long overdue opportunity. I would ask my colleagues to not let the perfect be the enemy of the good. 
In my home State of Ohio, one in five 
workers’ jobs, Mr. Speaker, depends on trade. Trade drives our economy. In fact, exports from Ohio last year hit an alltime high. This bill will make it even easier for Ohio companies to trade and will increase exports, and that means increasing jobs in my State of Ohio. 
The U.S. Customs and Border Protection Act plays a pivotal role in helping ensure that our trade agreements, our preference programs, and our U.S. trade laws are enforced and that legitimate trade is done. Over the years, the volume and the complexity of trade and the challenges, such as combating evasion of duties and protecting U.S. intellectual property rights, have grown, and grow more complex. 
competition around the world, and it is critical to keep the flow of trade moving efficiently. 
Customs issues are vital to our competitiveness, security, and safety. 
providing benefits to trusted traders will increase U.S. competitiveness in the global marketplace. 
burdens to our small and medium businesses that drive our economy, saving them time and money, and, again, create jobs. 
rights, antidumping, and countervailing duty laws prevents our competitors from gaining an edge by cheating. When our competitors around the world don’t play by the rules, we get hurt; our American businesses get hurt; and our American workers pay. 
American workers compete on a level playing field, they win; we win. 
more effective by allowing our Customs agencies to take quick action against these bad actors, giving our businesses a fair opportunity to compete and win. 
to advancing a Miscellaneous Tariff Bill process. I strongly support that commitment, and will continue to work to find a path forward, Mr. Speaker. MTBs provide important relief to our manufacturers who import materials that have no domestic content or supply. The tariffs they pay—or the taxes, they are taxes—on these products make the entire manufacturing supply chain and the process more expensive to my constituents. The MTB process must be resolved in a way that is not only consistent with our House rules, but also our constitutional responsibilities. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
resolve these issues, Mr. Speaker. This has been a long overdue bill that provides much modernization to our Customs process to make it easier for our manufacturers and our businesses and, ultimately, our workers, to export their products around the world. In the end, we win. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ). 
opposition to the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act, or the Customs bill. This legislation has historically been a bipartisan bill, but the majority has politicized the Customs legislation by adding several riders that would be harmful to our trade policy. 
address several of the most critical global issues that we face: climate change, human trafficking, and immigration. And it includes no meaningful method for dealing with one of the biggest causes of job loss and wage suppression in the United States: currency manipulation, which has cost our Nation over 5 million jobs. 
Ironically, world leaders are concluding negotiations today in Paris at the largest climate summit in history. They are working hard to hash out an agreement that, as the Sierra Club has pointed out, will be undermined by the TransPacific Partnership agreement. 
With the bill before us today, the United States will not be allowed to address greenhouse gas emissions in future trade negotiations. Imagine. 
support the enforcement and monitoring of our trade agreements, and it lacks any automatic mechanism for ensuring compliance with our trade rules. This administration has never selfinitiated a trade complaint against any of our free trade partners. It takes years for the administration to bring a case against countries that subsidize or dump their product in our markets. 
agreements has plagued our country for decades. Despite environmental rules in the U.S.Peru free trade agreement, the overwhelming majority of timber from Peru is illegally logged. Despite the labor rules in the Colombia free trade agreement, over 100 Colombian trade unionists have been murdered, 19 this year alone. 
enforcement. It lacks the mechanisms for ensuring compliance with trade rules. As I said, no administration has ever selfinitiated a labor or environmental trade complaint against any of our free trade partners. Why would we think that this would begin now? 
enforcement, there is no guarantee that this funding will ever be provided. We already lack the critical funding to enforce our existing trade agreements. American workers cannot afford to suffer through additional losses as their jobs are shipped to countries that do not play by the rules. 
Worst of all, one day after International Human Rights Day, which was yesterday, this legislation contains a 
provision that will weaken U.S. efforts to curb human trafficking forced labor. The bill would allow for expedited consideration of a trade agreement with nations classified as the worst offenders of human trafficking. 
We have already seen the administration’s willingness to do whatever it takes to secure a trade deal when it upgraded the human trafficking ranking of Malaysia to conclude the TPP negotiations. Malaysia was in the same category as Iran just 5 months ago. Where are our values with regard to human life? 
The biggest problem with our economy today is that too many Americans are in jobs that do not pay them enough to live on. They are struggling. One of the main reasons for this is several decades of bad trade policy that has shipped millions of jobs overseas, like the policies in this Customs bill and the TPP. 
all of the job losses and the wage depression are because of technology and globalization. It is. It is because of the policy choices we have made over the years. It is time for us to rewrite the rules. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
of jobs are at stake as is the fate of our country’s economy. Working class families in this Nation are struggling just to get by. Men and women are scraping together meager earnings to put food on their tables, to warm their homes, and to take care of their kids. They can’t think about sending their kids to college. They can’t think about vacations or retirement security. 
We need to decide if we are going to 
rebuild a land of access and opportunity, where anyone who is willing to work hard and to play by the rules can find a good job that can support a family. There is no reason to make bad trade policy even worse. This legislation, with enforcement gaps and harmful negotiating objectives is unacceptable. We can and should do better for working people. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ), who has 
played a key role in strengthening trade enforcement in this bill. 
and others on the committee, as well as staff, for helping make this legislation—finally, this conference report—a reality that will become law. 
Mr. Speaker, today, Louisiana’s seafood industry is being severely injured by illegal foreign imports. Right now, the fundamental issue is economic growth. How do we empower our seafood producers, our farmers, and our manufacturers to grow their businesses? to create opportunity? to grow this economy? The legislation before us today is important because, as we seek to expand market access for all of our businesses and our farmers, we need seamless trade facilitation and strong enforcement if we are going to achieve that economic growth. 
PROTECT Act, providing new tools for the relevant Federal agencies, for legitimate importers and distributors, and for tradeaffected domestic industries to prevent and combat fraud at our border, not after the fact. That is a key distinction and a key piece of this legislation. It will allow our seafood producers, our farmers, and our manufacturers to compete on a fair playing field here in our American domestic market as we seek open market access abroad for them as well. 
my State of Louisiana have suffered for 15 years because of the unfair dumping of crawfish from China and other illegal sources. In effect, the administration punished domestic crawfish producers by forcing them to pay for the delays caused by Chinese dumpers, by the U.S. insurance companies that posted bond for the duties, and, in 
Patrol, itself. This bill contains an important fix that will make sure that our crawfish producers are paid what they are owed. 
Customs reauthorization conference report, will make necessary improvements, not only to ensure fraud is prevented at our border, but so that our American industries are treated fairly. I urge its support. 
minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND), a distinguished 
committee and as someone who has been involved in the negotiations of the legislation before us, I rise in strong support of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act. 
is not the bill that came out of the House in June. There are muchneeded improvements. As we debate trade policy and where we are going in the 21st century global economy, we need strong enforcement mechanisms so that, when we get standards in these trade agreements that elevate it as being up to us to level the playing field for our workers, for our businesses, and for our farmers, we have the tools to ensure that those standards are enforced on an appropriate basis, so we are able to counter unfair trade practices as they are applied against us. That is exactly what is in this bill right now. This bill will end any importation of products that are made from the exploitation of child and forced labor, for instance. 
Act, additional tools to enforce the provisions that we do negotiate in future trade agreements. 
Trade Enforcement Center for greater coordination between our agencies in order to enforce provisions that we negotiate in trade agreements. 
fund, which is due to the hard work my friend and colleague from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) put in, so that there are 
dedicated resources in order to enforce the provisions that we fought to achieve. 
again, enhancing the enforcement on those standards that many of us have been fighting for: core labor, environmental, human rights protections—in the body of these trade agreements, which are fully enforceable like any other provision. That Super 301 will give us tools that will enable us to move forward on that. 
Export Promotion Program—reauthorizing it and funding it—to make it easier for our small businesses and our manufacturers back home to be able to export more easily. We know that those exporting companies typically pay their workers, roughly, 18 to 19 
percent above other workers within that sector; so it is a win for our small businesses back home. 
It is not a perfect bill. It is the product of compromise and bipartisanship. I think it advances the ball when it comes to key enforcement. I encourage my colleagues to support it. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ), who played a 
key role in the language defending our friend and ally Israel. 
Israel’s Ambassador Michael Oren wrote an opinion piece that got my attention, and he described the waves of attempts to wipe Israel off the map. 
and we know how that worked: Israel’s enemies worked together, and they were not successful in defeating Israel back in 1948. The second wave was a wave of terror. That is still ongoing, but that wave has not been successful. Yet there is a third wave, and the third wave is, actually, more insidious. The third wave is a movement called the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions Movement. It is an attempt to take away Israel’s legitimacy, to hold Israel to a standard to which no other country in the world is held. 
an attempt to drive Israel to the negotiating table—this movement, that is. It is an attempt to wipe Israel off the map. It is the smart, long move for the haters of Israel. 
saying we stand with Israel. We stand with Israel, and we are pushing back. We are making it the official policy of the United States, along with the Trade Promotion Authority Act, which says we are going to push back against statesponsored BDS activities. There is good work here. 
when people ask: Can’t people get along in Congress? The answer is, yes, we can. This is strongly supported on a bipartisan basis, and it does two things in particular that I want to bring your attention to: 
American companies from foreign lawsuits, which is incredibly important because of our strong commercial relationship with the Israelis. Secondly, it has a reporting requirement, so it makes the administration more mindful, and we are going to have more information. 
was a coauthor with me in some of the underlying legislation that was adopted by Chairman BRADY and others. I 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 13 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Texas has 16
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), who has 
played a key role in advancing our entire progrowth trade agenda. 
for moving this bill forward and getting it one step closer to law after his longterm engagement in trade facilitation. 
Mr. Speaker and Members, trade facilitation and trade is key to growing our economy. This bill makes needed reforms to our Customs procedures; it strengthens enforcement measures behind our trade agreements; and it removes unnecessary barriers to trade. 
The bill couldn’t come at a more important time. Think about it. We are in the midst of the opportunity to complete two of the most ambitious trade agreements in our Nation’s history: one with countries in the Pacific Rim and the other with our allies in the European Union. The United States used to be at the top. We were at the top for our efficiency and trade and logistics and moving goods across the border, but our Customs procedures have become outdated, and we have slipped. Now we have too much paperwork and too much inefficiency. This bipartisan bill streamlines and modernizes our Customs system to get us back on track. 
the answer is very simple: It is about jobs. 
jobs. In my State of Minnesota, more than 774,000 jobs are connected to trade; so trade is driving our economy. Many of these jobs are held by people who do work at small and medium sized businesses, which are the backbone of our economy. In fact, 98 percent of all American exporters are small or mediumsized employers. These are jobs that pay more. They pay higher than average wages, and they pay better salaries for American workers. 
jobs, the Customs bill also includes stronger enforcement tools that are essential to the trade agreements that 
we have with other countries so that they don’t cheat. It provides fair and strong rules to hold other countries accountable for their unfair trade practices, and it will help tear down barriers that unfairly block our goods from foreign markets. 
excited to see the Customs bill move forward on a bipartisan basis. It will improve trade facilitation so as to move goods and services more efficiently. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH), a key member of 
the Ways and Means Committee who is focused on American agriculture and American outerwear. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
streamline our country’s Customs and Border policies to facilitate trade and enhance U.S. competitiveness. Included in the bill are a number of additional, commonsense provisions. 
For example, the bill fixes a technical error which inadvertently increased the tariff rates on outerwear. Not only is this fix important to producers, retailers, and consumers, but it also brings the U.S. back into compliance with our commitments under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade. 
find a path forward on the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill process, I am pleased the bill contains language in support of continued work on this issue. 
The conference report also takes important steps to strengthen Trade Promotion Authority. TPA is necessary to ensure that the U.S. gets the best possible deal in trade negotiations as we move forward, and these agreements should leverage our country’s comparative advantages in all industries, certainly including energy. 
the inclusion of language to prevent the administration from using trade agreements to negotiate very costly greenhouse gas emission rules in the United States. I also want to make sure Nebraska producers can make the most of the opportunities provided by a level playing field in order to increase exports. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ), another distinguished 
Customs bill fails totally to address a custom that is the custom of the USTR: saying one thing and doing another. 
legislate candor, to legislate fidelity to public duty, I would be the most enthusiastic supporter this bill could have. Unfortunately, this proposal represents only a very thin, seethrough window dressing for a runaway bureaucracy that is pursuing its own multinational corporate agenda and ignoring the public interest. 
successfully challenged an environmental abuse. Though the USTR has been charged since February 2009 with preventing trade in illegal logging and in the destruction of Peruvian rain forests, the Environmental Investigation Agency recently reported: ‘‘Illegal logging in Peru and the associated trade remains a serious and unabated problem.’’ There has been a ‘‘complete failure to enforce these obligations . . .’’ One such obligation is a very simple audit to demonstrate whether logs are being harvested legally or illegally. I 
have specifically asked the USTR repeatedly to just produce the audit so we can see, and they have refused to provide that documentation or to admit that their enforcement has totally failed to do that simple matter. Meanwhile, coffins with the names of brave Peruvian inspectors are being dragged through the streets. 
The USTR trumpets its environmental successes; yet the Peruvian Government is being rewarded for going backward, not forward, on the environment. 
USTR has never successfully challenged worker abuses. Almost 8 years after the Administration received a complaint about serious abuses in Guatemala, such as the right to work and join with other workers without being murdered, USTR has not remedied the complaint. 
great fanfare just by coincidence yesterday that, after 3 long years of delay on child labor and other abuses, it had a new plan. Well, it is the same type of plan that failed in Guatemala. We don’t need new public relation plans. We need to enforce the law effectively. 
believe that Vietnam, a country with one union that is only a branch of the Communist Party, will somehow fulfill its trade obligations under the Trans Pacific Partnership for a complete overhaul of its system when it takes the Administration almost 8 years to address Guatemala labor concerns? More likely, we will simply be joining another race to the bottom with a 60 centperhour Vietnamese wage. 
environmental and working conditions, USTR prioritized trade even when that meant excusing modernday slave trade in corrupt Malaysia. The bureaucratic manipulation and indifference to human trafficking in Asia is disgraceful. 
about USTR is the ease of seeing through its propaganda. Certainly, I am very concerned about climate change, but the real climate that needs changing when it comes to our trade policy is the climate of indifference and secrecy at USTR. 
in order to develop a true protrade, 21stcentury American policy that reflects our basic American values and protects our jobs. 
mind, I would like to yield to the distinguished leader. Is that okay, Mr. Chairman? 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Yes, sir. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my privilege to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), our distinguished leader. 
the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership on behalf of America’s working families. I thank the chairman 
of the committee for his courtesy in enabling me to speak at this time. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress has a responsibility to stand with American manufacturing and to help create goodpaying jobs for the hardworking families who are the backbone of our country. The middle class is the backbone of our democracy. In order to have fair trade, we must have robust tools to enforce the obligations of our trading partners. 
This legislation began as a strong, bipartisan trade enforcement bill. It has degenerated into a vehicle for all of the toxic, special interest promises that have been made to secure passage of the TPA. They have poisoned a strong trade enforcement bill with their denial of the climate crisis, with their turning a blind eye on human trafficking, and with their refusal to address the foreign currency manipulation that destroys millions of American jobs. 
In terms of the climate crisis, congressional Republicans refuse to acknowledge the truth of the climate crisis. Pope Francis, on his visit here and even before he came and since, has made this climate crisis a priority. It was the subject of his encyclical. He has said that he is praying for the success of the historic Paris Climate Summit. 
community and across the board are urging us to answer our moral responsibility to preserve God’s creation. It is our responsibility. As God’s creation, we have a responsibility to be good stewards of it and to do so in a way that does not hurt the poor and their presentations. 
Paris as opposed to what is happening here. In Paris, 195 nations have convened to address the climate crisis that threatens the health of our communities and the future that we leave our children. It is about air pollution. 186 nations have submitted plans to address the climate crisis and the air pollution. 146 world leaders personally attended the conference. 
Yet, with this Customs bill, Republicans would bar our trade negotiators from even discussing climate in the context of a trade agreement. You cannot separate climate and commerce. We cannot accept Republicans’ willful blindness to this connection and to the reality of the climate crisis. 
our values as a Nation. America must stand as a bulwark against the atrocity 
anniversary of the 13th Amendment abolishing slavery in the United States or anyplace subject to our jurisdiction, this legislation allows countries with documented forced labor practices and brutal human trafficking to enjoy the benefits of free trade and full access to our markets. 
countries ranked tier 3 in the State Department’s Trafficking in Persons Report, which are nations with the worst human rights records. That is in the TPA. Yet, in this bill, we weaken that standard, say, for example, for Malaysia and for other nations failing to address human trafficking. 
continue to allow foreign currency manipulation to devastate the competitiveness of goods made in America, stealing jobs from American workers. The American Policy Institute estimates that foreign currency manipulation has already cost millions of American jobs and threatens hundreds of thousands more in the coming years. 
standards in our Customs laws. Yet, Republicans have stripped out this tough, bipartisan provision, cracking down on currency manipulation in the Senate bill. It is time to crack down on countries who have manipulated their currencies for years to protect their industries and undercut American jobs. In any trade legislation, our top responsibility must be to strengthen the paychecks of America’s workers. 
Since I have lost my voice, let us reject this deeply flawed bill. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH), a member of the 
Ways and Means Committee who is fighting for American agriculture, furniture, and other local businesses. 
Right now there are over 120 antidumping and countervailing duty cases against China. When China violates the rules of international trade, small and mediumsized manufacturers in Missouri and across America are harmed. The ENFORCE Act included in this report would strengthen America’s ability to identify and go after those who break international law. 
unfairly competing against an illegal product originating from China, but using a fake address. The ENFORCE Act allows this company to now take real and meaningful action against foreign perpetrators. 
Committee worked on TPA, there were many constructive conversations about what our trade enforcement bill was going to look like. I am grateful to Speaker RYAN, Chairman B RADY , Mr. 
willingness to work with me to get the ENFORCE Act included in this bill. It was a team effort, and the bill we have before us reflects that. 
products can compete with anybody in the world. When countries cheat, our manufacturers are significantly harmed. This bill helps end those unfair practices. 
Chair tell us the time remaining on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 8 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 11
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. 
thank the chairman for yielding and for his and other members of the Ways and Means Committee’s outstanding work on this legislation. I am here to talk about another aspect of it. 
State taxation of Internet access is expiring. Section 922 of the conference report aids taxpayers by making this ban permanent. 
not renewed, the potential tax burden on Americans would be substantial. It is estimated that Internet access tax rates could be more than twice the average rate of all other goods and services. Lowincome households could pay 10 times as much as highincome households as a share of income. 
Congress has passed numerous temporary bans with enormous bipartisan support. Earlier this year a permanent ban passed the House by voice vote. 
access taxes and unfair multiple or discriminatory taxes on ecommerce. It does not tackle the issue of Internet sales taxes. My committee is working assiduously on that issue and making progress. 
Studies show that taxes affect Internet adoption rates. As price rises, demand falls. The Internet has become an indispensable gateway to scientific, educational, and economic opportunities. Section 922 preserves unfettered access to one of the most unique gateways to knowledge and engines of self improvement in all of human history. 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), a distinguished 
rise in support of the bill today, which is in a much better form than the bill I opposed this summer. Yes, there are still terrible, extraneous provisions. 
that is actually going to be more of an embarrassment to my Republican friends in the future, that they trotted this out at a time that the rest of the world is working in Paris to try and deal with it. As a practical matter, it is not going to make that much difference. 
ranking member. There will not be a reason that we can’t harmonize, for example, fuel standards. There are lots of reasons to do that. The TransPacific Partnership’s deforestation provisions will probably have as much impact on fighting climate change as anything that is going on in Paris. 
for those provisions. As recently as this week, I have been pushing on the administration to do more. It is certainly better than if we hadn’t enacted those provisions before. As a matter of fact, that is why we have worked so hard to establish the trust fund. 
friend, the chairman, who has worked hard to make sure there is guaranteed funding for the next 10 years, $30 million a year, when the whole USTR budget is less than $60 million. 
are complex, they are expensive, they are tedious, and they are hard. It takes money to do it. This provision includes—the legislation that I worked on with Senator CANTWELL —being able 
to make sure we can do a better job of enforcing it. 
The bill is not perfect, but it is much 
better than what we had this summer. It represents movement in directions that we can all take pride in. There are a number of provisions that make a huge difference for the people I represent in the Pacific Northwest as well as modernizing the Customs provisions. 
that this is a step forward. I look forward to working with my colleagues to make sure that it is, in fact, enforced in the future so that we can get the benefits people are talking about. 
from Oregon for his very thoughtful, constructive efforts to help us craft the right trade enforcement remedies. Going forward, I look forward to working with you on other trade remedy issues. 
work, along with that of the Michigan delegation, enhanced our hand on currency manipulation. 
Speaker, I come from southeast Michigan, which is home of America’s domestic auto industry where we build absolutely the finest quality cars and trucks on Earth. We know our products can compete against anyone anywhere in the world. All we ask for is a level playing field. 
Unfortunately, American car companies have suffered decades of economic devastation due to unfair currency manipulation practices from overseas competitors, like Japan, China, and South Korea. 
Speaker. After decades of doing nothing—decades of doing nothing—this bill 
contains very strong measures to protect American products from nations that manipulate their currency. 
that will identify countries that manipulate their currency and, once identified, they must be reported to Congress, and action must be taken. 
House leadership as well as the Committee on Ways and Means, because these provisions will level the playing field, Mr. Speaker. 
All of us want free trade, but it must 
minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ). 
with nothing but the utmost respect for my colleague from Michigan and agree with her on the need to address currency manipulation. 
Ways and Means first began considering this bill, it represented a real opportunity to improve our system of trade and eliminate loopholes that allow foreign nations and bad actors to avoid our trade laws. Currency manipulation is the number one trade abuse that must be addressed. 
the Christmas tree of the holiday season, and it is being used to put lipstick on the pig that is our current trade negotiations. It ties our negotiators’ hands on even negotiating common emissions standards by restricting any consideration of climate issues, and it prevents them from negotiating immigrationrelated language as well. Further, it weakens existing trade laws designed to prevent human trafficking. 
The ribbon on this Christmas surprise is a totally new provision on Internet taxation that isn’t even in the jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means and could have unintended consequences that could bankrupt local governments. 
of this bill to help improve our Customs system, but they are outweighed by the political gamesmanship that has made this legislation impossible to support. We have seen far too many other examples of lastminute political provisions inserted in bills over the years, and we risk unintended consequences of these political provisions as well. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING), who worked hard to 
ensure that trade agreements are for expanding trade, not expanding immigration. 
thank the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means—and I am delighted he is the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means—for yielding. 
I rise in support of the conference report of the Customs bill. It has got many provisions within it which I am happy about and happy to support. The currency manipulation provision is one 
I am pleased to be here to be able to 
say that there were those that had significant heartburn over trade promotion authority. I am one of them. There were two provisions that I so badly wanted to be included within the TPA legislation, because I have a bit of a history of working to keep the immigration components out of trade deals. Congress needs to be passing immigration law, not trade negotiators. 
that is in here in the conference report, along with language that prohibits the negotiations under trade promotion authority on climate change. So we are protected from executive decisions imposed upon this Congress and a usurpation of article I authority by two pieces of language in here: No negotiations under TPA can include climate change under this language; and no negotiations under TPA can include immigration. 
cannot negotiate that under TPA. That is very important to me. It is important to a lot of people across this country. I am standing here saying thank you to nowSpeaker RYAN, who negotiated this with me and others. He regrets that he wasn’t able to shake my hand as chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means. That is fine with me, Mr. Speaker. 
KEVIN BRADY as chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, and say to a number of people who had significant apprehension about whether this would come together on all of the language necessary to get support for trade promotion authority, to say to them upon the passage of this conference report here today and the anticipated signature, merry Christmas to all of you who wanted to step down the line to preserve article I authority for the United States Congress. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), my friend and colleague and neighbor. 
support free and fair trade. Where I come from in Houston, Texas, we are an export city. We make a lot of things, and we sell them all over the world, so I support trade. 
Speaker. The SpanishAmerican War existed then. To help finance the war, Congress taxed a newfangled contraption called the telephone. The war was over. Teddy Roosevelt and the Rough Riders had stormed San Juan Hill before the tax was actually completely collected, but World War I came around, and the tax reemerged. 
years ago is still on your telephone bill. You pick up your phone bill, and if you have a landline, you are still paying that war tax. The point being, Mr. Speaker, once 
Congress imposes a tax, it seems like it never goes away. But, shock, in this legislation, it prohibits a tax that is already being collected in some States. Some States tax Internet access. 
But it fairly allows States like Texas to phase it out until 2020. Good compromise. So let’s eliminate a tax on Americans. 
We may be eliminating one tax, but that war tax over 100 years ago that was implementedstill exists. Maybe we will get around to eliminating that eventually. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
in strong support of the conference report before us. Manufacturing is critical to the Hoosier economy and my district. A study by the Economic Policy Institute found that manufacturing jobs account for almost 17 percent of all jobs in Indiana. That is the highest rate in the Nation. Manufacturing jobs account for 23.1 percent of the jobs in my district, second highest in the Nation. 
This legislation will make our manufacturers so much more competitive by eliminating the red tape and removing supply chain bottlenecks. It provides new tools to tackle evasion of U.S. trade remedies and intellectual property theft. 
To be sure, I would like to have seen 
a new miscellaneous tariff bill process, and I thank the new chairman for his commitment to finding a path forward on that. But, Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly urge my colleagues to support this legislation that will help manufacturers in my district and across the country. 
minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). 
thank my friend from Michigan for his graciousness. I rise in support of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. It is a significant improvement over the original Customs bill, which I opposed. 
There are human trafficking reporting requirements that have been added. There is currency language that expands U.S. action on currency manipulation. It codifies the ENFORCE Act, some of the most strict enforcement provisions ever on trade by U.S. legislation. It creates an interagency trade enforcement center. It creates a trade enforcement trust fund. It provides protections for small businesses and bans child and forced labor. 
pleased to support the underlying legislation and the conference report. I thank all who contributed to it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 4 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas also has 4 minutes remaining. 
Mr. Speaker, let me first address climate change. It is interesting that some of the people who speak in favor say how regrettable it is that this provision is even here. The gentleman from Iowa made clear why this provision is here. It was an effort to get votes for TPA. 
voted on TPA, they should oppose this conference report. One of the reasons relates to global warming. It is really disgraceful this provision is here at the same time virtually everybody in the world is trying to address climate change. 
I just want to read the exact language. It says: to ensure that trade agreements do not establish obligations for the U.S. regarding greenhouse gas emission measures. 
no way to fuzz it over. There is no way to fuzz it over. 
currency. This conference report deletes a meaningful, very, very concrete way to address currency manipulation. The language here in this conference bill just essentially, in the end, says nothing that is meaningful. 
there is a problem with a country’s currency—it won’t even mention the words ‘‘currency manipulation’’—then the President shall do suchandsuch— things he can already do—and there is a waiver for the President if he doesn’t want to take any of the steps. 
takes away what was in the Senate bill, and we passed the same or a similar measure a number of years ago. So that is as to currency. This is very much in the wrong direction. 
trafficking. Essentially what it says is: If a country is in tier 3—the worst in terms of human trafficking—and takes some concrete steps, they can still receive all the benefits of a trade negotiation, even if they still have the most egregious conditions in their country on human trafficking, both sex and labor human trafficking. That is really also, I think, worse than unwarranted. 
words about enforcement. I guess no one has worked, if I might say, more than I have in terms of enforceability. The provisions that we have put in place—for example, those regarding worker rights, environment, and medicines—need to be enforced. The problem with this legislation is, in most of the cases, it really doesn’t change anything much, if at all. As I said earlier, it establishes an enforcement center that is already existing. It renews Super 301. There is no need to do that. The administration has the ability to do that already. It does set up an enforcement trust fund, but there is no appropriation of the money. Enforcement is already underappropriated. So now we are setting up a new trust fund without any indication that it is going to be appropriated. 
This bill is very close in spirit and in 
language to the bill that almost all of us on the Democratic side voted against. I urge strong opposition to this conference report. 
American workers and companies more opportunities around the world creates jobs here in America: better paychecks, better opportunities, and a stronger economy for our country. Critical to that is to make sure our trade agreements and trade rules are enforced. That is what this bill is all about. 
This bill establishes the strongest enforcement and revenue laws ever put on the books in the United States of America. It incorporates issues against currency manipulation; protections and remedies on a number of other areas within our economy that never before have been placed into effect; and it creates a working trust fund, a source of existing revenue, to focus on enforcing those rules. 
trade in America. That is important as well, because it is important for consumers to lower prices. It is important for our local businesses as they manufacture products to sell and compete both here in America and around the world. In fact, it has been more than a decade since we have reauthorized Customs and those processes. 
it more efficient, more effective, more accountable, all of which helps grow our economy and helps working class families. 
aisle, this fulfills the commitment of thenchairman of the Ways and Means Committee, PAULRYAN, and our leadership to the Members in the House to make this an even better law. And we have succeeded, working with Representatives KINGand S ESSIONS on immigration language, to make sure this is a tradeonly agreement; working with members of the Steel Caucus— Representatives BARLETTA , M URPHY , 
DAVIS, BOST, and many others—to ensure that we have strong remedies in those areas; working with Representative MILLER and the Michigan delegation against currency manipulation; working successfully with Representative ZINKE of Montana to make sure 
there is strong oversight of the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative and 
we have more access to negotiating rounds; working with Chairman ROYCE  
of California on human trafficking; working with Chairman CHABOT of Ohio 
on small business provisions; working with Mr. CRENSHAW of Florida to ensure that there are trade preferences for Nepal as they struggle in this bill; and working with Mr. WALDEN , Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. R EED, and Mr. B OUSTANY  
I say all that to make the case this is 
a bipartisan measure. It is thoughtful, it is effective, it is long overdue, and it is important to expanding trade and making that effective here in America. I urge its support. 
making critical changes to our domestic trade laws to ensure that U.S. companies compete on a level playing field. Manufacturers in my district have suffered a competitive disadvantage from trade cheaters in China and other foreign countries that don’t follow the trade rules we already have on the books. 
who cheat. American companies cannot compete with products that are subsidized by foreign governments and therefore priced below market value. American companies waste valuable time and legal fees bringing cases against unfairly subsidized products that are dumped into the United States. When American companies win these dumping cases, they deserve to have the penalties enforced. 
Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, American companies have not been competing on a level playing field. Those same trade cheaters that dumped their goods into our U.S. markets are adding insult to injury by evading the duty or penalty. When they ship the product from a country that doesn’t have a penalty for dumping, they are skipping out on paying the penalty for cheating in the first place. 
We need a better referee to level the playing field. We need the penalties to be enforced. That’s why I negotiated for the inclusion of the ENFORCE Act in the final Customs Bill and defended their importance throughout this Conference process. 
This bill will ensure that Customs and Border Protection (CBP) must investigate cases of duty evasion within 300 days. If for some reason CBP begins rubberstamping these decisions, the company can go to a U.S. court to have the case reviewed. These are critical reforms that are necessary to ensure that American companies are on a level playing field. I thank my colleagues and friends Mr. MCHENRY , Mr. T IBERI , Chairman B RADY , 
Speaker R YAN, Dr. B OUSTANY , Mr. S MITH, and 
the Steel Caucus for working with me on this important reform. 
goods on American store shelves to American consumers. We must make sure we have the tools we need at the border to prevent foreign trade cheaters from sneaking their goods onto our shelves without paying the appropriate duties. We must protect American manufacturers and American jobs from trade cheaters. 
Additionally, I urge support for this bill because of critical protections against misguided attempts to use trade agreements to rewrite 
our domestic immigration laws and environmental regulations. While this bill is not perfect, the permanent improvements to our trade laws and the bans on misuse of trade agreements make it worthy of our support. 
Given all the injustices promoted by this conference report, I am strongly opposed to it. 
Mr. Doggett moves to recommit the conference report on the bill H.R. 644 to the committee on conference with instructions to the managers on the part of the House to— 
section 914 of the conference substitute recommended by the committee of conference; and 
Senate amendment to the bill as passed the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is not debatable. 
Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, and the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 560, I call up the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendments thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016’’. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Further 
House concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 560, the motion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. 
New York (Mrs. L OWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 2250. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 2250, a shortterm continuing resolution that will fund the government through December 16. 
mechanism expires today, at midnight. At this point, it is, unfortunately, necessary for us to have a little more time to complete our negotiations. 
current levels of funding for critical government programs for 5 additional days, ensuring our government stays open until midnight next Wednesday. The Senate passed this same bill yesterday. So, with approval in the House, this bill will go to the President today. 
progress, Mr. Speaker, on a final, full year appropriations package. While I had hoped that we would be done by this point, there are still many moving pieces. It is my hope and expectation that the final omnibus legislation will be completed by this new deadline. 
of continuing resolutions. They tend to be wasteful and inefficient. However, at this point, I see this procedure today as the best way forward. This continuing resolution is very short and limited in scope, simply buying us enough time to wrap up our negotiations and bring a fullyear bill to the floor without a lapse in important government services. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
sad announcement to make. On Wednesday morning, the committee lost one of its longstanding staff, who 
has been associated with the legislative branch for 25 years: Chuck Turner. We mourn his loss. As soon as we have further details on services, we will provide that information to the House. 
support of the continuing resolution before us. While it saves hardworking Americans and our economy from a disastrous government shutdown, it reflects a failure of Congress to carry out one of our most basic constitutional responsibilities. 
1⁄2months since the beginning of fiscal year 2016 and 6 weeks since we passed a bipartisan, 2year budget agreement to set the guidelines for appropriations. There is no good reason we should not have passed spending bills by now to keep the government operating for the 2016 fiscal year. 
The bill before us today should be bipartisan legislation that makes crucial investments in biomedical research, job training, and national security. The bill before us today should provide relief from harmful sequester caps that are hurting economic growth and families’ pocketbooks. Instead, Republicans’ insistence on including dangerous, harmful policies in the spending bills has halted progress. 
Since the budget agreement, terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino have brought to bear the need for improved security and closure in lax gun safety laws. Yet the majority wants to continue to deny even basic research on causes of gun violence at the Centers for Disease Control, not to mention we should be acting immediately to stop the legal purchase of guns by those on terrorist watch lists, an amendment I have introduced four times in 5 years that has been defeated every time in committee. 
The process has stalled because Republicans insist on demonizing legal, women’s reproductive health decisions, even putting women’s jobs at risk if their employers do not agree with their health choices. 
And finally, 2015 is on track to be the 
hottest year on record, with droughts leading to hunger and wildfires, and rising sea levels threatening to wipe away island nations. Yet Republicans demand measures that harm the environment, put the health and safety of Americans, their children, and the entire planet at risk. 
I hope my colleagues will work together in the coming 5 days to agree on appropriations bills that invest in biomedical research, education, infrastructure, job training, and a strong national defense. Together, we can provide opportunities for hardworking families and build a 21st century workforce and a secure America. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The question is on the motion to concur by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ). 
The motion to concur was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 256, noes 158, not voting 19, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bishop (GA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries 
Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kirkpatrick Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Johnson, Sam Kildee Kuster Meadows Nolan Pompeo Sanchez, Loretta 
Stated for: Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
on rollcall No. 693 I was unable to vote due to the death of my wife Shirley. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
687 on the motion to suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, the DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On rollcall No. 688 on the motion to Table 
Appeal of the Ruling of the Chair, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On rollcall No. 689 on the motion to suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations Act, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
question on the rule providing for consideration of both the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 644—Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 and the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250—Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On rollcall No. 691 on the rule providing for 
consideration of both the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 644—Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 and the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250—Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On rollcall No. 692 on the Motion to Recommit with instructions, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
On rollcall No. 693 on the Adoption of the 
Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent on 
December 11, 2015 due to recovery from eye surgery and missed the following votes. Had I 
Question for consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act, and for consideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
providing for the consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 644 and for consideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Conference Report with Instructions of H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On vote 693, On Agreeing to the Conference Report to H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
I was unable to vote on Friday, December 11, 2015 on the fiveday Continuing Resolution and the Conference Report for the Customs bill due to a family engagement in my district in Houston. 
If I had been able to vote that day, I would 
have voted as follows: on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of the Senate Amendments to H.R. 2250, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On H. Res. 560, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate Amendments to H.R. 2250 and Conference Report to H.R. 644, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Conference Report to H.R. 644, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
accompany H.R. 644—Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (H. Rept. 114–376), I would have vote ‘‘no.’’ 
the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 1301. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HONORABLE JACKIE SPEIER, MEMBER OF CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable JACKIE  
pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have received a subpoena issued in connection with courtmartial proceedings. 
After consultation with the Office of General Counsel regarding the subpoena, I will make the determinations required under Rule VIII. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) for the purpose of inquiring 
of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come. 
would like to discuss a matter of deep importance to the gentleman and myself, of a dear friend, John Stipicevic. He is a trusted aide for many years on this floor, and he will be departing us. He wants to spend more time with his wife, Kristin, and their new baby, Lucy Grace. I would like to thank him for his service to this country and his service to this conference. I know he is a good friend, also, to the gentleman across the aisle. 
know, the public’s perception—because that is what is covered most—is the confrontation that occurs between the parties, the differences that we have. But one thing that is a reality that the public ought to feel good about is they have extraordinarily good staffers, staffers who are committed to their country, to the House, and to the American people, who do wonderful work. 
Stip is a wonderful, wonderful positive participant, who made this House a better place in which to work, who made the substance of what we did more understandable for Members. He facilitated cooperation. He did not create confrontation. And we will miss it. 
he leaves the House of Representatives, like so many of our staffers do, who go on to do better than most of us are doing, at least from a certain perspective. I want to wish him the very, very best. I want to thank him on behalf of not only myself, because he is a good friend, but also on behalf of my staff with whom he has worked very closely over the years. I know all of them appreciated the relationship they had, and have, with him. So I want to congratulate him and wish him good luck and great success. 
I yield, again, to my friend, the majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his kind words about Stip. 
Let me get to the schedule. (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was 
noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Members are advised that first votes of the week are expected at 6:30 p.m. 
On Wednesday, Thursday, and the remainder of the week, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today. 
consider a bill to extend certain provisions of the Tax Code. 
course, the majority leader announced it yesterday, and again today—we will not be having votes on Monday. 
there will be a pro forma session yet on Monday? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
will let the gentleman know as soon as possible. 
In any event, Mr. Speaker, the Members, as the majority leader has indicated, will not be having votes until, at the earliest, 6:30 on Tuesday. 
week—or such time as may be necessary in order to complete the work of this session of the Congress—will dictate the length of time that we go on the schedule. Is that accurate? 
I yield to the gentleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. Yes. It is my intention that we will stay until we get our work done, but when we get our work done, we will depart for the holiday season. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. To further clarify, I know there has 
been some talk about a CR that may be sufficient to get us into next year. As I understand what the majority leader is saying, it is our intention not to do that, but to, in fact, complete the appropriations process and the funding of government for the balance of the year until September 30 of next year. Is that accurate, sir? 
I yield to the gentleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding again. 
passed a CR moving into next Wednesday. It is our intention to have our work done and to not need to pass any 
he knows and I know—although I don’t think either of us is directly involved in the hourtohour negotiations that are going on—but, nevertheless, negotiations still go on, Mr. Speaker—I am hopeful that, on both sides, we can see that which is unacceptable to the other side and put that aside for a later day. 
course, is about funding government. The appropriations process is about keeping government open. The appropriations process is about how do we best serve the American people. 
mired down or prevent our success in coming to an agreement on the omnibus because of issues on which, clearly, there are significant policy differences and which can be argued on another day and in another bill, but will not undermine the completion of the appropriations process. 
that as well. Hopefully, over the next few hours and, really, over the next couple of days, we will work on that because, if we don’t, we are going to be here on the 17th, the 18th, the 19th, or the 20th, according to what the majority leader said, in order to get our work done. 
Is that accurate, Mr. Leader? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding again. 
done in a bipartisan manner. Those are the negotiations that are going on now. I’m hopeful that we can get that done and finished by next week. 
Speaker, is there is also a tax extender bill that is being discussed. The tax extenders are some of the items that Members on both sides of the aisle believe are appropriate and necessary to help grow our economy and create jobs, which has support on both sides of the aisle. 
as I understand it, is a bill that can be very, very large—as large as $800 billion in unpaid tax cuts—which, from our perspective on our side in the House of Representatives, will substantially exacerbate our deficit, and that will undermine the viability of getting tax reform done in the next session or in the years to come. 
far preferable to have pending getting tax reform done—hopefully, next year if we can do so in a bipartisan fashion— and to have a shorter term. The Senate passed a 2year bill, which is really a 1 year lookback to 2015 and a year forward to 2016. We need to certainly do that. I think we could get a bipartisan vote for that. I don’t know where the negotiations are on that bill. 
leader, as he probably knows privately, that we have great concerns on this side of the aisle about a bill of the magnitude that is being discussed and the impact it will have on our deficit, on discretionary spending, and on our opportunity to pass major needed—and a bipartisan expectation of doing—tax reform so our tax system is simpler, fairer, is producing the revenue that we need, but it is also making sure the American people understand and can be provided a much simpler system for them to have to respond to. 
any remarks on that, I yield to the gentleman. Otherwise, Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 2015, TO TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 2015 
unanimous consent that, when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, December 15, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
horrific attacks in San Bernardino underscore the pressing need to defeat ISIS and radical Islamic extremism. But instead of trying to fix his failed policies, which contributed to the very rise of ISIS in the first place, the President is instead attempting to divert and distract the American people by leveraging this tragedy to announce his plans to issue an executive order on gun control. 
called the San Bernardino attack an incident of gun violence. Mr. Speaker, it was terrorism, and I refuse to let this President use acts of terrorism as a means to try another end run around this Congress. 
the administration’s attempted ammunition ban and I was successful in getting that unconstitutional policy rescinded. 
against this latest attack on our constitutional gun rights in this country because, if this administration refuses to take terrorism seriously, then the American people will need their Second Amendment rights more than ever before. CLIMATE DAMAGE WIPES OUT 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
many around the world are watching the climate talks in Paris, some of my constituents along the San Francisco Peninsula are watching the Pacific Ocean. That is because an unusually warm climate and water has led to a record toxic algae bloom that contaminates the crabs. Our critical Dungeness crab fishery is closed, and our fishermen are suffering. 
‘‘If you had asked me 6 months ago about crab, I would’ve told you we’re going to feed our families, we’re going to send our kids to college. And I’m not talking just the junior college. If they want to go to Princeton, crab can make this happen with my work ethic. This situation is a new one. This was like getting the legs pulled out from under you.’’ 
wondering if climate damage is real or if it is affecting real people, I encourage them to see the docked fishing boats and the landlocked crab pots in my district. Climate damage is wiping out people’s livelihoods. We cannot let this become the new normal. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to detail a report from the Congressional Budget Office that was released this month, which says the Affordable Care Act will lead to a reduction in work hours equivalent to 2 million jobs over the next decade. 
The key reason for the work reduction, according to the CBO, is healthcare subsidies which are tied to income, which will raise effective tax rates for Americans and will create a disincentive for people who are seeking promotions or new, higher paying jobs. 
The report also points to tax increases and penalties as a reason for the work reduction, including the employer mandate, which imposes penalties on those companies with more than 50 employees that do not provide insurance. 
passed legislation that would repeal key parts of the Affordable Care Act, including the employer mandate. Unfortunately, President Obama has pledged to veto it. 
We can’t allow these job losses to become a reality. This is why I will continue to work with my colleagues to make commonsense changes that will improve our Nation’s healthcare system and will revitalize economic 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
pay tribute to the service of Major Cameron Gallagher. 
was serving as a military fellow in my office, advising me on a range of defense and foreign policy issues. For the past 2 years, Cameron has worked in the Army’s Office of the Chief Legislative Liaison, where he has continued to be a trusted adviser to me and to other Members of the House. Cameron’s service will now take him and his family to Fort Carson, Colorado, where he will serve as a battalion executive officer in the 4th Combat Aviation Brigade. 
best our Armed Forces and our Nation have to offer. Intelligent and dedicated, Cameron is such an optimist that he sent me trash talk emails for days in the leadup to last year’s StanfordArmy football game. Stanford won 35–0, but that is not really the point. 
here in Congress. We wish you, C.C., and Henry all the best in your new assignment. And don’t forget the Schiff Hotel California policy. You can check out anytime you like, but you can never leave. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
more mining engineers. Approximately 70 percent of the mining industry’s technical leaders will reach retirement age over the next 10 to 15 years. 
almost all current faculty members will need to be replaced by the coming decade. 
At our Federal agencies, there is already a dangerous lack of employees with the necessary technical expertise to carry out their essential duties, such as permitting and inspections. 
and it can have catastrophic consequences like we saw with the Gold King Mine disaster. 
In order to sustain our Nation’s mining schools, we need to ensure that vital Federal funding is made available for faculty to conduct more research and to better educate the next generation of mineral scientists and engineers. 
funding streams under SMCRA. My bill, H.R. 3734, the Mining Schools Enhancement Act, will accomplish this goal. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, Manchester, Illinois, April 24, 2013: Brittney Lynn Luark, 23 years old; Nolan James Ralston, 5 years old; Brantley Jack Ralston, 1 year old. 
Fort Hood, Texas, April 2, 2014: Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson, 39 years old; Staff Sergeant Timothy Owens, 38 years old; Sergeant Carlos A. LazaneyRodriguez, 37 years old. 
Columbus, Ohio, June 14, 2015: Michael Ballour, 41 years old; Daniel Sharp, 36 years old; Angela Harrison, 35 years old; Tyajah Nelson, 18 years old. 
Pisciotti, 79 years old; Samira Pisciotti, 69 years old; Patricio Simono, 64 years old; Merly Niebles, 51 years old; Carlos Javier Gavilanes, 33 years old; Priscilla Perez, 17 years old. 
2013: Harry Montgomery, 68 years old; Thomas Stefka, 62 years old. 
(Mr. YOHO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to congratulate the Trenton Tigers on winning Florida’s 1A State football championship. This talented group of young men ended the season a perfect 14–0 and broke the State record for ‘‘running clocks’’ on all 10 regularseason opponents. This is a feat that has never been done before. Trenton soundly defeated Port St. Joe 56–21. This gives the Tigers their second championship in just 3 years. 
cannot be accomplished without hard work and dedication: the hard work of a twoaday practice schedule, the hard work of each individual team member playing as one for a common goal, and the hard work of a talented coaching staff to guide the team to victory. 
Andrew Thomas and his staff for doing an exceptional job coaching these young men. Coach Thomas’ leadership has not gone unnoticed. He has recently been named the Class 1A Coach of the Year by the Florida Dairy Farmers. 
on your great winning tradition and continuing to make the town of Trenton, Florida, and Gilchrist County proud of our young athletes. 
CARTER of Georgia). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes 
as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we 
have heard a great deal this week about what is proposed as a commonsense fix to our Second Amendment, and that is, okay, surely you can agree that anyone on the nofly list should not be able to walk in and buy a gun. 
that pointed out, like the Times Square bomber, he could have gone in and bought a gun. I am told now that that is not actually the case, that he specifically could not have. The guy made a bomb. He was going to blow up New York Times Square. He didn’t need a gun. He was going to blow people up. 
A lot of us, when we first hear, ‘‘well, 
shouldn’t that be a nobrainer?’’ if you are on the nofly list, you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun. Then when you find out that the nofly list is composed of names—and we can’t even get a number, even a ballpark number. Is it 47,000? Is it 470,000? Is it 700,000? Is it over a million? When you find out you can’t actually find any specific criteria for getting on the nofly list, then you realize the nofly list is basically anybody this administration says needs to be harassed or looked at further. 
after speaking to some groups in London, a man that was head of that little area of whatever their TSA is there in the London airport came up and said: Congressman, I know who you are and I am really, really sorry, but apparently your Department of Homeland Security indicates you need to be thoroughly searched personally and your bags. Really sorry. 
administration would ever be into political revenge, you can look at some of the groups that the IRS went after. In fact, a huge majority of rankandfile Federal workers in Homeland Security and in the IRS, they would never dream of doing the kind of things that Lois Lerner and her hacks did. They used the power of government to go after political enemies. 
Nobody will ever be able to say specifically how much it helped President Obama in 2012 to prevent conservative groups from getting their tax status cleared through the IRS. They did prevent a lot of groups from being able to form. If you don’t have the clearance from the IRS, then you can’t bring contributions in together to organize and do like many of the unions do that get Federal money. These groups were not going to get Federal money. They were going to get contributions. 
this administration, the clearer it is. Whether it was a Democrat or Republican administration, the last thing you would ever want to do is tell a President and administration that you just list anybody on a list; there is no requirement as to the specifics as why. You just put anybody on a list that you have concerns about, and they will never be able to buy a gun. You could keep them from flying if you want to. You just list them on the list. You 
don’t have to tell Congress. You don’t have to tell anybody else. Just put people you are not happy with on a list and say you have concerns about them, and they will never be able to buy a gun. 
constitutional Second Amendment right or any other right, which should be a right to get on a plane and fly unless you are a threat, we do not need to have an obscure process where nobody can identify the specifics that gets you on the nofly list or, in this case, as people are proposing, the nogun list. Just let an administration list them. We have got to do a lot more soul searching in America. 
groups and individuals that were listed as unindicted, but coconspirators in the biggest terror financing trial in American history, the Holy Land Foundation trial. We found out that a group that called itself charitable and got clearance from the IRS and they don’t really say where their money comes from, when the FBI drilled down and found out, saw where it was going, they were able to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the five principals in the Holy Land Foundation trial were guilty of financing terrorism. There were many people, many groups listed as coconspirators. 
North America of which Imam Magid is past president, ISNA was trying—one of those groups, CAIR, they wanted their names off the unindicted list. If there were no evidence of any ties to the Holy Land Foundation’s terrorist funding, then they should have gotten a judge. The judge would have signed the order. 
Circuit Federal Court of Appeals looked at the evidence and said there is plenty of evidence here to show that these groups, like the Islamic Society of North America, principals in these groups, they are affiliated with—there is evidence to show they are coconspirators with these terrorist financing people. So they would not allow their names to be removed from the pleadings. They remained in the pleadings. 
want justice in America, for those who would destroy our government, Eric Holder became Attorney General immediately after the conviction by the Bush administration in very late 2008. Under his guidance, they never pursued those people that the Federal district court and the Court of Appeals said there is plenty of evidence to support that these people are part of the terror financing network. They never pursued them. 
Dulles Area Muslim Society—ADAMS, they called themselves. The Secretary of Homeland Security was just out there last week and applauding their efforts and thanking Imam Magid as 
Magid. He has helped the President, we know, with at least one speech. That was the one the President delivered while Netanyahu was on the way over here and wrongly said that everybody involved, including Israel, had agreed to the pre’67 borders. 
when the President stated it publicly, you can’t help but feel like, since Imam Magid advised him on the 
speech, was there in the inner sanctum of the State Department, in that extremely secure setting when the President delivered his speech—he was even asked for an interview about the speech immediately afterwards—you know that there were people with ties to people this administration shouldn’t use as their advisers that this administration is using as advisers. 
Anyway, there is a reason that America has become extremely skeptical about what they are told. When this administration and my friends across the aisle start saying, ‘‘Hey, we can trust this administration. Just let them list anybody they want to as they currently can on the nofly list and they will never be able to buy a gun and that will stop terrorism,’’ well, it wouldn’t have stopped the pipe bombs that Farook and his fiancee—wife, whatever she was, terrorist, female companion—had built and put together. 
better background checks. There was a great article from Dr. John R. Lott, Jr., December 3. Dr. Lott has had positions with the University of Chicago, Yale University, Stanford, UCLA, Wharton, and Rice. He was the chief economist at the United States Sentencing Commission during ’88 and ’89. This guy is an expert when it comes to guns and gun laws. 
clear—it is dated December 3; there is a national review online—that there is nothing at all that President Obama or Loretta Lynch had proposed that would have stopped the 14 people being killed and 21 injured out in San Bernardino. In fact, there is nothing that this President proposed in the light of violence in Colorado that would have changed the shooting in Colorado. 
In fact, if you go back to the prior 
shooting in Colorado, we know that the gunman went by at least a couple of theaters that were closer to him because those were not gunfree zones and there were likely people in the theater who had guns who would have stopped the shooter before he killed and shot as many people as he did. 
very strict gun control laws. There is nothing the President or the Justice Department proposed that would have prevented the shooting at the community college in Oregon. Those are places where the gun laws are already as strict or stricter than what the President is asking be applied everywhere else. So it just seems disingenuous for 
anyone to say we need gun control laws like in California so that we can stop the violence when it didn’t stop the very violence they are using as an excuse to take away people’s Second Amendment rights. I would commend that great article by John Lott. 
When it comes to the Syrian refugees, most people in America have figured out this has to be stopped because we don’t know who is coming in. I have mentioned it here on the floor before, Mr. Speaker, last week and previously, that we had information—I had information that ISIS had probably taken over areas where there were printing facilities so they could probably print passports that we would not be able to know were they legitimate or not. 
we need to bomb Assad out of existence, or at least try to take him out. Well, Assad is not very favorable toward giving this administration all of his criminal records and passport records about the people of Syria. We have no idea who these people are. God bless the Director of the FBI, Comey. He comes in more than once and says: Yes, we will vet them, but you have to understand, even though we will do the best vetting we possibly can, we have nothing to go on. 
fingerprints. We had fingerprints from IEDs. We had all kinds of information. We had the official records of the Iraqi Government that could help tell us whether somebody coming from Iraq was the person they said they were, or whether they were not. Were they a threat? Were they a danger? 
Even with all of that, we find out a 
couple of guys get to Kentucky and have been there a couple of years. One of them was certainly a terrorist whose fingerprints were on an IED that had been exploded in Iraq, and they didn’t catch his fingerprints, even though they had them. If you can’t catch a terrorist that you let into Kentucky, and you had his fingerprints and compared them, and it didn’t show up initially, then how much worse will it be? How many more terrorists will you let into America from within the Syrian refugees? 
week what many of us in America knew already. It was only common sense that people who have sworn they want to destroy our country, kill as many Americans and Jews and Israelis as possible, that they would use this refugee crisis not to get into Israel— because they are very protective, thank God—but to get into Western Europe and to get into the United States. Now we know those are the facts. 
to—I think in my telephone townhall, there was about 90 percent of the people in east Texas, of the thousands on the call, they indicated about 90 percent were concerned that we couldn’t 
properly vet the Syrian refugees good enough, and that we needed to pause and hold up and wait until we had more information. That is just common sense. 
from Mark Krikorian November 16. He pointed out, and I will quote from his article: 
‘‘The 5year cost to American taxpayers of resettling a single Middle Eastern refugee in the United States is 
conservatively estimated to be more than $64,000 compared with U.N. figures that indicate it costs about $5,300 to provide for that same refugee for 5 years’’ if he or she is in their native region. 
think, gee, we should bring that person into America, as Mark Krikorian points out, actually that is a bit immoral, because if we weren’t so arrogant to think we need to get them into America, we could save 12 of them in their native region. 
They say, 3 to 4 million people coming out of Syria, out of that area, gee, they need to come to the United States, and yet Saudi Arabia has accommodations for 3 million. So many people have seen a photograph of the massive tent area there for 5 days out of 365. That is during the Hajj, the pilgrimage to Mecca, kitchen facilities, bathroom facilities. It just seems like if they would help take care of the 3 million, make those available, we could work something out to take care of the people that come in for 5 days in the Hajj, that that would be a better solution than this administration forcing Syrian refugees that could not be properly vetted into this country. 
Then I was told last night that actually the female terrorist in San Bernardino was using a name that certainly would not have been given to her at birth, and that if we had people that were allowed to study radical Islam, the tenets of its belief, as this one person said, she had a name that is actually a guy’s name, and for anyone who has spent their adult life studying radical Islam, like this administration for 7 years, has not allowed the FBI, the intelligence agency, State Department, Justice Department. They purged their records of anything that offended terror and unindicted coconspirator to finance terrorism. So when this unindicted coconspirator CAIR complained about anything, it was purged from this administration’s training records. 
out, when you spend so many of your years of your adulthood studying this, for her to have proper screening by somebody that had studied radical Islam, you would ask the question: When did you get this name? This clearly was not given to you at birth. He said it would be like an American going into Europe and someone there saying: Now, come on, your name is not George Washington. It wasn’t given to you at birth. Where did you get it? 
find out the madrassas she had been to, the places she had been to, but you have to get to secondary screening, further questioning, which there should be red flags all over somebody’s record like that. We have the information available that this administration didn’t prevent it from being used to properly screen radical Islamists. But before you can properly screen radical Islamists, you have to admit that there is a thing called radical Islam. 
Carolyn Glick writes for the Jerusalem Post. She is a brilliant lady. She pointed out one of the problems with my friend, President George W. Bush’s position that we are not at war with Islam, and then this administration’s taking that and running with it to extremes, they fail to acknowledge that there is pluralism within Islam. Saying that ‘‘If it is bad, it could not possibly be part of Islam,’’ is ridiculous. What that does to moderate Muslims, who don’t want radical Islamists governing them and cutting their hands off, horsewhipping them, whatever, stoning them to death, they would like to live in peace without worrying about a tyrannical, radical Islamist leader. 
We do them a disservice by not pointing out that radical Islam is an element of Islam, and it is a fact. Therefore, moderates are left to say nothing because if they say this is an element of Islam we have got to stand up against, then they come against the wrongheaded positions of the Obama administration. 
We actually can help moderate Muslims stand up, as some are starting to do, a few have been doing for a long time, stand up against radical Islam, and say—God blessing President alSisi in Egypt, as he stood and talked to a group of imams, said we have got to get control of our religious beliefs, our Islam back from the radicals. We have got to stand up against them. We help them. The alSisi regime administration over in Egypt, I have talked to some of them. I don’t know if I am still the only Member of Congress that has met with their director of intelligence. We had a very informative meeting for a couple of hours. 
They don’t understand why this administration appears to be helping radical Islam and standing against the moderates, like President alSisi, like the 30 million of the 90 million Egyptian people that went to the street a couple years ago. Wow, that was such a huge deal. 
big, in the history of the world, go to the streets of their country and demand a peaceful regime change. But because the constitution that we helped Egypt with when Morsi was elected did not contain an impeachment provision, they had no other way to go. There was no other way to peaceably remove a president who was violating their own constitution over and over than to go to the streets, as they did. The Coptic Christian Pope there in 
Cairo has told me more than once how deeply moving it was to see moderate Muslims, Christians, Jews, secularists go to the street as a part of that 30 million, and so many coming up to the Pope and saying: We are so sorry for the way you have been treated. 
accolades whatsoever to the Egyptian people for passing a constitution with over 90 percent vote that in that constitution, a majority of the ones approving were Muslim, it says in the constitution that when the Muslim Brotherhood, radical Islam, they put Muslim Brotherhood on their terrorist watch list. This administration gets their advice. That administration in Egypt puts them on the terrorist watch list. 
They say when the Muslim Brotherhood or any other likeminded radical Islamist group burns down a church, we will rebuild it with government funds. It is incredible. The people of Egypt deserve at least an ‘‘atta boy.’’ 
What was this administration’s response? We are going to hold up sending you any helicopters. We sent jets and helicopters and tanks to the Muslim Brotherhood when they were in control under Morsi, but now that the Muslim Brotherhood, this terrorist organization is not in control, we are not going to send you things. 
does your President not understand? We use the Apache helicopters to keep the Suez Canal open. So it was quite a slap in the face to our friends in Egypt that are against radical Islam, our Muslim friends there, when this President didn’t go, as I think 47 other leaders or so went. He didn’t send the Vice President, didn’t send the Ambassador, didn’t send anybody from Washington 
control in Egypt, they have done something earthshaking: They dug another lane, a second lane to the Suez Canal. Countries all over the world went, wow, Egypt, that is enormous. 
in Egypt as people were asking: Was your country really excited when we got this second lane dug to the Suez Canal? The mainstream media hardly reported anything about it. It was a big deal. It was a free people standing up and doing something monumental. Since it wasn’t done by radical Islamists, this administration chose not to give it any credibility. 
hours ago, there was an article from Victoria Taft: 
French President Hollande swore he’d go after radical Muslims who pulled off the mass slayings. 
‘‘As HotAir reports: ‘The French have kicked in the doors 
on 2,235 homes and taken 232 people into custody or placed them on house arrest.’ In the sleepy French town of Lagny 
surMarne just 18 miles from Paris . . . French police went to the local mosque where they found: 
kilometers east of the French capital was closed down by police on the 2nd of December. In subsequent raids, the prefect for the SeineandMarne department said ‘7.62 millimeter ammunition for a Kalashnikov rifle and propaganda videos’ had been seized, AFP reported. The locations of the raids were not given. 
radical Sunni Salafist Muslim teachings. Radicals used some mosques and other homebased unpermitted mosques to stockpile weapons.’’ 
15 days, the French have uncovered about a third of the illegal weapons they normally recover in an entire year just from these mosque areas and the homes that they have raided. 
see homes being raided in these numbers. The French do not have our protections under our Bill of Rights. They don’t have nearly the protections we do. I don’t want this many homes busted into. I don’t want mosques raided unless there is probable cause to believe there is a problem or that they have committed a crime. You get warrants for those things. The same with the home, the same with somebody’s Internet, and the same with their bank records. 
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to do what nobody in American history—any administration—has done before, and that is to get people’s bank records, whether or not you want them to or not. They claim: We want to be able to watch so if somebody gets messed around by a bank, we can go after them. 
wanted to get bank records, you had to have probable cause that a crime was committed and probable cause that the person whose records you wanted had committed it; otherwise, I didn’t sign a warrant because the Constitution didn’t allow it. If I did sign a warrant, it had to be specific to place and time and what was being seized. 
bank records—all they want—through the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. They get all your medical records through ObamaCare requirements. They get all kinds of information about individuals. They get your phone logs, as they have been doing. Now, there is some question whether they still are or not. 
McPhee and Brian Ross. ABC News reports: ‘‘ISIS May Have Passport Printing Machine, Blank Passports.’’ I am glad they finally caught up with the news on that. 
Secretary Jeh Johnson, February 3, 2014, so it will be going on 2 years in February. He included an email. Senator GRASSLEY included a redacted 
copy of the email exchange. I have seen the unredacted email exchange. And even from the redacted email exchange, it is indicated that Secretary Napolitano had a handsoff list. 
Apparently, when there were indications Muslim leaders should be secondarily screened, pulled aside from their first stop, asked further questions, the indication is this guy is in a group, they say: Well, he is on the Secretary’s handsoff list. 
Well, not only can we not get specifics of exactly why somebody is on the nofly list or the terrorist watch list—just that this administration has a bad feeling about them—we can’t find out just how you get on the handsoff list. That is another matter that requires some looking into. 
exGuantanamo detainee now is an al Qaeda leader back in Yemen. And it talks about al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, or AQAP, released a new video featuring former Guantanamo detainee Ibrahim al Qosi, whose name is also Sheikh Khubayb al Sudani. 
conspiracy and material support for terrorism before a military commission. It ended up that this administration transferred him to his home country of Sudan. Now he is back where he wanted to be, helping al Qaeda. We already knew he was a terrorist—he pled guilty—and this administration sent him back. 
The question still out there and remains: How many Americans will be killed because this administration decided closing Guantanamo is more important than saving American lives? They traded five murderous terrorists, coconspirators, for a guy who, all the indications are, deserted his American military post. I wonder how many American lives will be lost because of that. 
that on Saturday, around 3:50 a.m., two men buying a large number of cell phones at Walmart in Lebanon set off a concern. ‘‘‘Somebody went in and bought 60 cell phones from Walmart. That’s not normal for this area,’ explained Laclede County Sheriff Wayne Merritt. 
didn’t have a legal reason to detain them so the men were allowed to leave, according to the Lebanon Police Department incident report.’’ That is in Missouri. ‘‘Sheriff Merritt said calling law enforcement officers was the right move.’’ 
statement of our Attorney General in recent days in the aftermath of the San Bernardino killings, she has made clear that, in the aftermath of all of those Americans being killed, specifically targeting Christians and Jews—apparently, there was a Muslim shot, but the 
targets were Jews and Christians, them telling one Jewish man before he was shot: Now you will never get to see Israel—targeting the Christians specifically, instead of going off on how clearly this was a hate crime, the Attorney General says her big concern is that people are not prejudiced against Muslims. 
terrorists’ neighbors that, if you see radical Islamists gathering and you are suspicious of—maybe they are making pipe bombs in the garage—and you call that in, there is a good chance that Attorney General Loretta Lynch is going to come after you for being biased and bigoted. 
What a ridiculous thing to say. Basically, she is saying, if you see something and say something and that something involves Muslims, then I am coming after you. What a ridiculous, terrible thing for the chief law enforcement officer of our country to say. 
Deacon, Breitbart News, ‘‘Homeland Security Shut Down Investigation Into Farook And Malik Linked Islamist Group To Protect ‘Civil Liberties’ of Potential Terrorists’’: 
‘‘The Department of Homeland Security has been accused of deleting intelligence records relating to dangerous Islamists linked to terrorists Sayed Farook and Tashfeen Malik, because they wanted to protect the ‘civil liberties’ of members of the caliphate supporting network. 
Border Patrol analyst’’—now retired— ‘‘says he was ordered to stop investigating Deobandi Islamist groups and his work on them was erased. He even says he was subjected to discipline when he attempted to blow the whistle. 
investigation, he claims Malik’s visa application would have been flagged for greater scrutiny. 
was more concerned about the civil rights and liberties of foreign Islamic groups with terrorist ties than the safety and security of Americans.’ 
that he once worked as a researcher looking into potential terrorists in the Passenger Analysis Units at the Department of Homeland Security in Atlanta, as well as at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s National Targeting Center. 
identifying and tracking members of the alHuda and Tablighi Jamaat groups, offshoots of the radical Deobandi school of Islam, which was founded in British colonial India specifically to oppose western culture. 
‘‘Tablighi Jamaat is a Deobandi revivalist movement whose mandate is, according to its leading advocate Ebrahim Rangooni, to save the Muslim world ‘from the culture and civilization of the Jews and the Christians’ . . . To this end, he has suggested cultivating ‘such hatred for their ways as human 
to 80 percent of all recent terrorist related crimes in France. 
‘‘Mr. Haney’s work tracking the radical movement was considered so important that he says he was given an agency award for identifying potential terrorists, and he was asked to become part of the National Targeting Center, which works to connect the dots and build a bigger picture of terrorist activity. 
months of tracking the Deobandis, Homeland Security unexpectedly halted his investigation on the request of the State Department’s Office of Civil Rights.’’ 
Haney is one of the most patriotic, finest people ever known. He cares so deeply about this country. 
By the way, Mr. Speaker, his appearance decries his intellect and knowledge about radical Islam. So, he has done no telling how many secondary screenings in his time in the Middle East, his knowledge of the language, the culture, the moderate Islamic culture, the radical Islamic culture. He knows the teachings of the radicals and who they are. He has been able to get massive amounts of information that I would never have dreamed people would admit to him. 
number of years to try to get information to people in the administration who would protect the information, and instead, when they realized how much information he had of what others in Homeland Security had deleted, they thought was gone—Janet Napolitano talked about connecting the dots. She forgot to mention that they had been deleting dots like crazy. I knew that Phil’s information was so damaging to this administration that, if it were not handled properly, they would destroy the man. 
award for identifying so much information? He used the tech system. All he did was enter data. He would look even at social media, and if he found that somebody under consideration was in a photograph with somebody we knew to be a radical Islamist, he would enter that information. There is a massive amount of information out there in social media that this administration has not even availed themselves of. 
Yemen was surrounded by Houthis, radical Islamist rebels, I got a call from a constituent whose son is over there and is isolated in a hotel and can’t get to the Embassy. In talking to a friend who had a friend, it ends up some guy is going through a training or practice session. They set aside their hypothetical practice scenario and took on the reallife scenario of getting four Americans from a hotel in the capital of Yemen to the Embassy and trying to get more in the Embassy 
able to find pictures being taken by Houthi radical Islamists at different places where they obviously were. So they knew which places to avoid. 
in Yemen, American assets, and using social media, were able to get those people from the hotel, get them to the Embassy and get them out, even though this administration would only pay for a commercial airline flight where they sat with some people who may have been part of the rebels that wanted to kill them. Not the best way to get people out of an Embassy, but they got out. 
former constituent, and he is doing well. He is a good man. He is a patriot. He wants to help the country. 
So it should also be noted that although, in our country, the Attorney General is more concerned about prejudice against Muslims, the Euro Parliament president—this article by Dr. Thomas D. Williams, the 3rd of December, points out that the Euro Parliament president says Christians are not safe on our continent. 
persecution in Brussels, the president of the European Parliament said that Europe cannot afford to continue ignoring the faith of Christians, who are ‘‘clearly the most persecuted group’’ in the world. 
In Wednesday’s meeting, EP President Martin Schulz said that the persecution of Christians is undervalued and does not receive enough attention, which also has meant that ‘‘it hasn’t been properly addressed.’’ 
trying to save Christians over in areas of radical Islam, because, as the European Parliament President says, radical Islamists’ number 1 goal is not other Muslims; it’s Christians and Jews. Yet, this administration’s big focus is helping Muslims. 
actually they locate their refugee centers in urban areas where you rarely find many Christians. And we find out the reports, hear from people that say we are afraid to go into the U.N. refugee camps, because they are virtually all Muslim, and we are targeted, and we can’t go there. We can’t allow our families to go there. 
this administration brings the refugees, and wants to bring refugees from. 
refugees were being underappreciated, undervalued by the Obama administration, has gone over and tried to do something about it. I applaud his efforts. So, Mr. Speaker, as we close out this 
week, the bill we just passed with regard to the Customs conference report, I just want to go back to January 29, 1961. In about over a month, it will be the 55year anniversary of President John F. Kennedy’s speech. It was a message to commemorate Roosevelt Day for Franklin Roosevelt. 
28 years ago, Franklin Roosevelt assumed the leadership of a stricken and demoralized Nation. Poverty, distress, economic stagnation, blanketed the land. 
Franklin Roosevelt. And I would just like to read John F. Kennedy’s words, because they are such a contrast to the current President’s words, as he wants to take away people’s Second Amendment rights. 
controls, completely controls the no fly list, nobody in Congress gets to know who he is putting on, why they are putting on, what criteria he is using to put them on. He gets exclusive control of who he wants to put on the nofly list, he or his assignees. President Obama wants to restrict those rights. 
and this week in the House, with the words of John F. Kennedy. President John F. Kennedy, January 29, 1961, part of his speech that day said: 
the efforts, not only of our leaders or of the Democratic Party, but the combined efforts of all of our people. No one has a right to feel that, having entrusted the task of government to new leaders in Washington, he can continue to pursue his private comforts unconcerned with America’s challenges and dangers. For, if freedom is to survive and prosper, it will require the sacrifice, the effort, and the thoughtful attention of every citizen. 
‘‘In my own native State of Massachusetts, the battle for American freedom was begun by the thousands of farmers and tradesmen who made up the Minute Men, citizens who were ready to defend their liberty at a moment’s notice.’’ 
Men, citizens who are not only prepared to take up arms, but citizens who regard preservation of freedom as a basic purpose of their daily life and who are willing to consciously work and sacrifice for that freedom. The cause of liberty, the cause of America, cannot succeed with any lesser effort.’’ 
The words of John F. Kennedy, January 29, 1961. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on account of 
PELOSI ) for today on account of medical leave. 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas (at the request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on account of family engagement in my district in Houston. 
REVISIONS TO THE AGGREGATES AND ALLOCA TIONS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET RESO LUTION  
printing in the Congressional Record revisions to the budget allocations and aggregates of the Fiscal Year 2016 Concurrent Resolution on the Budget, S. Con. Res. 11. These revisions are designated for the conference report accompanying H.R. 22, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (Public Law 114–94), which passed the House on December 3, 2015, and the conference report accompanying H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. Corresponding tables are attached. 
The adjustment for H.R. 22 is made pursuant to section 4509 of S. Con. Res. 11, a deficitneutral reserve fund for transportation. For purposes of budget enforcement, this adjustment is consistent with section 3302 of such concurrent resolution. Section 3302 requires transfers from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund be counted as new budget authority and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year in which the transfer occurs. Pursuant to section 3403 of S. Con. Res. 11, these revisions to the allocations and aggregates shall take effect upon the enactment of the conference report accompanying H.R. 22. 
The adjustment for H.R. 644 is made pursuant to section 4506 of S. Con. Res. 11, a deficitneutral reserve fund for trade agreements. Pursuant to section 3403 of S. Con. Res. 11, these revisions to the allocations and aggregates shall apply only while the conference report accompanying H.R. 644 is under consideration or upon its enactment. 
for purposes of budgetary enforcement. These revised allocations and aggregates are to be considered as the aggregates and allocations included in the budget resolution, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as adjusted. 
Adjustment for passage of H.R. 22, the FAST Act: 
Adjustment for H.R. 644 the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015: 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2017–2025 will not be considered until future sessions of Co ngress. 
House Committee on Ways and Means 2016 2016–2025 Total 
House Committee on Energy & Commerce 2016 2016–2025 Total 
House Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure 2016 2016–2025 Total 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 209. An act to amend the Indian Tribal 
Energy Development and Self Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources; in addition, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. S. 993. An act to increase public safety by 
facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 2250. An act Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016. 
H.R. 2693. An act to designate the arboretum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum’’. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 22 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Tuesday, December 15, 2015, at noon for morning hour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter in response to the Senate Report 113174, page 13, focusing on military properties made available as a result of Base Realignment and Closure; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of explosives licenses to known or suspected terrorists, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
BORDALLO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. J UDY 
York, Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. L EE, Mr. T ED 
Mr. T AKANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. 
TITUS, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. S ABLAN , and 
of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and Investment Act of 1976 to modernize terms relating to minorities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
California, Mr. K ATKO , Ms. M CSALLY , 
community reporting on foreign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). 
review of the operation and administration of the Terrorist Screening Database (TSDB) maintained by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and subsets of the TSDB, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
States Copyright Office as an agency in the legislative branch, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
statutes designed to deter money laundering and terrorism financing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4243. A bill to improve Federal disaster relief and emergency assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of certain aliens as refugees until the costs of admission and resettlement of such refugees have been addressed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
exportation of sea urchins and sea cucumbers from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. SCHRA DER, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
supporting the Association of American Veterinary Medical Colleges (AAVMC) and recognizing 50 years of organized academic veterinary medicine in the United States; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
FORBES , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. 
ADERHOLT , Mr. F LORES , Mr. F LEMING , 
Mr. W ALKER , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. T IPTON , 
Mr. Z INKE, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. F RANKS  
PEARCE , Mr. C OLE, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. B ARR, Mr. G IBBS, 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. 
Mr. A LLEN , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
sense of the House of Representatives that the symbols and traditions of Christmas should be protected for use by those who celebrate Christmas; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4237. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4239. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
activities of the United States government including those under Title 50, are carried out to support the national security interests of the United States, to support and assist the armed forces of the United States, and to support the President in the execution of the foreign policy of the United States. 
the United States provides, in pertinent part, that ‘‘Congress shall have power . . . to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States’’; ‘‘. . . to raise and support armies . . .’’; and ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 4240. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 4241. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by security for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries.’’ 
H.R. 4242. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Clause 18 
H.R. 4243. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8 Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper . . .’’ 
H.R. 4244. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4245. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of the US Constitution 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 775: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 911: Mr. B EYER , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
H.R. 985: Mr. N UNES and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 1174: Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. 
H.R. 1197: Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. W ILSON of 
H.R. 1342: Mr. C RAMER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN , Mr. A SHFORD , and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. G IBSON and Ms. M OORE . 
DELBENE, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. 
H.R. 1475: Ms. B ROWN of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1571: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. C ARSON  
H.R. 1748: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. K LINE and Mr. C LAWSON of 
H.R. 2050: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. H ECK of 
H.R. 2124: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. N EAL, 
Mr. K EATING , and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 2205: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 2293: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
H.R. 2302: Ms. B ASSand Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 2311: Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 2380: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2412: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 2493: Ms. E DWARDS and Ms. M ICHELLE  
H.R. 2739: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mrs. C AROLYNB. M ALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 2880: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
H.R. 2896: Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. L UCAS , and 
H.R. 3036: Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. M OONEY of West 
Virginia, Mr. D ENT, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. T HORN BERRY . 
H.R. 3151: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
H.R. 3222: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H.R. 3381: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M URPHY of 
ESHOO , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3513: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3808: Mr. P OLIQUIN and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3917: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. B RADY of 
H.R. 3940: Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R IGELL , and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3970: Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
H.R. 4055: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. J ACKSON  
H.R. 4062: Mr. R OSKAM and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 4085: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. K IND, Ms. 
H.R. 4113: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 4144: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
H.R. 4171: Ms. N ORTON and Miss R ICEof 
H.R. 4185: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. M ARCHANT , 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ROOKS of 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. 
H. Res. 207: Mr. T ROTT and Mr. K ILMER . 
H. Res. 451: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and 
H. Res. 469: Mr. T ROTT , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
H. Res. 559: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
Under clause 2 of rule XV, the following discharge petition was filed: 
THOMPSON of California on H.R. 1076, was signed by the following Members: Mr. Thompson of California, Mr. Kildee, Ms. DelBene, Mr. Pallone, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Norcross, Mr. Courtney, Ms. Slaughter, Mr. Foster, Mr. McNerney, Ms. Edwards, Mr. Gutie ´rrez, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Mr. 
McDermott, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Clyburn, Mr. Delaney, Mr. DeSaulnier, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Serrano, Ms. Vela ´zquez, Mr. Heck of 
Washington, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Kilmer, Mr. Quigley, Mr. Tonko, Mr. Lowenthal, Mrs. Davis of California, Ms. Kuster, Ms. Castor of Florida, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. Bera, Ms. Lofgren, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. Garamendi, Ms. Duckworth, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Honda, Mr. Pocan, Ms. Esty, Mr. Blumenauer, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Hinojosa, Mr. Yarmuth, Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsylvania, Ms. Titus, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. Cicilline, Ms. Adams, Mr. Beyer, Mr. Veasey, Mr. O’Rourke, Ms. Pingree, Ms. Matsui, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Keating, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Ms. Brownley of California, Ms. Hahn, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Mrs. Capps, Mr. Takano, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Nolan, Ms. Schakowsky, Mr. Rangel, Mr. Gallego, Mr. Swalwell of California, Ms. DeLauro, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Murphy of Florida, Ms. DeGette, Mr. Becerra, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Mr. Cohen, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Mrs. Lawrence, Mr. Hoyer, Mrs. 
Torres, Ms. Kaptur, Ms. Sewell of Alabama, Mr. Levin, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. McGovern, Mr. Schiff, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Mr. Sires, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Ben Ray Luja ´n of New Mexico, 
Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Mr. Loebsack, Mr. Vargas, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mr. Moulton, Mr. Higgins, Mr. Grayson, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Ms. Brown of Florida, Mr. Carney, Mr. Nadler, Mr. Cummings, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Hastings, Mr. Capuano, Mr. Farr, Mrs. Lowey, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mr. Ashford, Ms. RoybalAllard, Mr. Fattah, Mr. Ted Lieu of California, Mr. Crowley, Ms. Meng, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Sherman, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Mr. Meeks, Mr. 
Johnson of Georgia, Ms. Moore, Mr. Conyers, Ms. Bass, Mr. Ruppersberger, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Engel, Mr. Israel, Mr. Payne, Ms. McCollum, Mr. Neal, Mr. Polis, Mr. Takai, Ms. Lee, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Ms. Linda T. Sa ´nchez of California, Mr. Rush, Ms. 
Gabbard, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Clay, Mr. Butterfield, Ms. Speier, Mrs. Bustos, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Doggett, Mr. Welch, Mr. Himes, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Peters, Miss Rice of New York, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Mr. Lewis, Ms. Pelosi, Ms. Loretta Sanchez of California, Ms. Sinema, Mr. Grijalva, Mrs. Dingell, and Mr. Lipinski. 
RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF BONITA ‘‘BONNIE’’ SHEPHERD—AN EXTRAORDINARY PUBLIC SERVANT WHO SERVED THE UNITED STATES HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES WITH DISTINCTION FOR 48 YEARS 
present a Certificate of Congressional Recognition to Bonita ‘‘Bonnie’’ Shepherd on the occasion of 48 Years of public service at the U.S. House of Representatives. 
her career as a public servant on Capitol Hill on June 18, 1967 and met everyone who crossed her path with her signature ‘‘Good Morning. How are you?’’ 
Bonnie worked for the U.S. House of Representatives, with a starting per hour salary of $1.51, providing service to Members of Congress, staff, citizens and visitors who traversed our nation’s Rayburn Cafeteria. 
years in the House, Bonnie continued her public service for another 27 years in the House of Representatives with the Architect of the U.S. Capitol as an Elevator Operator, playing an instrumental role in facilitating the safe and flawless movement of Members as they worked to make and pass federal laws affecting our nation. 
Members who served the 50 states of our nation, serving the interest of the United States’ population when the House was in session. 
also served at the House Flag office where on average more than 100,000 American flags fly over the U.S. Capitol every year, commemorating birthdays, retirements, anniversaries and other special occasions of everyday heroic Americans. 
our nation through wars, recessions, seminal national occurrences and celebrations. 
On behalf of the U.S. House of Representatives and the constituents of the Eighteenth Congressional District of Texas, I take great pride in congratulating Bonita L. Shepherd, ‘‘Bonnie’’ for her work as an American public servant and keeping a smile on her face while serving Members working to serve the interests of the United States. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in congratulating Bonnie for her public service. TRIBUTE TO DORIS DOZIER 
rise today to honor the extraordinary contributions of lifelong civil rights activist and public servant Doris Dozier Crenshaw. For more than 60 years, she has been on the frontlines in the fight for equality and human rights for all. Today, we salute this Alabama native for her commitment to serving this nation. 
Her journey began in 1955 when at just 12 
years old, Doris served as Vice President of the NAACP Youth Council when Rosa Parks served as the organization’s advisor. After completing her degree at Clark College, she continued her community outreach in Chicago with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the Open Housing Campaign. 
Southern Field Representative for the National Council of Negro Women by organizing chapters, designing rural economic programs, and health and housing programs. In 1977, Doris joined the Carter White House Democratic Policy Staff for the Small and Minority Business Issue Division. In 1980, she went on to serve as Deputy Director for the South East Region for the Carter Presidential Campaign. 
Special Assistant and Mobilization Director for Special Projects to the Rev. Jesse Jackson. In this capacity, she worked extensively in Washington, D.C. and nationwide with black businesses for the PUSH Trade Bureau. Doris then served as a consultant to Vice President Walter Mondale and was later named National Political Director for ‘‘Mondale for President in 1983.’’ 
King to serve as Director of Mobilization for the first national holiday honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. She was also charged by Dorothy Height to serve as Director of Mobilization for the First National Black Family Reunion and the National Black Family Reunions in Atlanta, Los Angeles, and Detroit. This community icon also organized the nationally recognized 40th, 45th, 50th, 55th, 57th anniversary and now the 60th celebrations of the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott. 
Doris is committed to passing the torch to future generations. In 2008, she founded the Southern Youth Leadership Development Institute. The organization was created to address educational policy issues while engaging youth leaders in inspirational training programs through the ‘‘trainthetrainer’’ approach. 
and awarded numerous accolades from organizations around the country and she is a lifetime member of the NAACP and the National Council of Negro Women. Doris is also a member of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference as well as the First United Church 
of Christ. Her proudest accomplishment is her daughter, Dr. Kwanza (Mikki) Crenshaw. 
dedicated mentor and friend. I know that my journey as the first black woman elected to Congress from the State of Alabama would not be possible without her wise counsel, support and mentorship. 
On this the 60th anniversary of the Montgomery Bus Boycott, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to an Alabama treasure whose extraordinary contributions to this nation will continue to shape future generations of public servants. 
SERVICE OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S HUNTER WALKER ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT AS SANTA ROSA COUNTY, FLORIDA ADMINISTRATOR 
to recognize Mr. Hunter Walker on the occasion of his retirement as Santa Rosa County Administrator, a position in which he has faithfully served for the last twenty years. 
Crimson Tide fan, Mr. Walker attended the University of Alabama where he received both his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and his Masters of Public Administration. Upon graduation, he served as Assistant to the Homewood, Alabama Mayor for five years. He later moved to Yemassee, South Carolina, where he worked as both City Planner and Management Specialist, and in 1985, he became City Planner and Administrator of Beaufort, South Carolina. In 1986, he became Grady County, Georgia County Administrator in 1986, and from there, he moved to Tifton, Georgia, where he served as City and County Manager for seven years. 
County, located in Florida’s First Congressional District where he has since served as County Administrator. For the last two decades, Mr. Walker has been responsible for ensuring the efficient daily operation of county services. In addition, he has been responsible for drafting an annual operating budget for the county, preparing policy recommendations and advising County Commissioners on short and long term policy goals, working with state and federal officials and local stakeholders on joint policy efforts, and ensuring that policies enacted by the County Commission are carried out in the most thorough and efficient manner possible. 
an active member and vestryman at Holy Cross Episcopal Church in Pensacola and enjoys spending time with his family and playing golf. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful community, I am pleased to congratulate Mr. Hunter Walker on his wellearned retirement. My wife Vicki and I wish him; his wife, Pam; daughter, Sarah; and son, John all the best for continued success. 
HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE COMMUNITY ACTION PARTNERSHIP OF SAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY, INC. 
honor the Community Action Partnership of San Luis Obispo County, Inc. (CAPSLO) on their 50th anniversary and to highlight its vital role serving our local community. 
1965. It was created as San Luis Obispo County’s official Community Action Agency to eliminate the causes of poverty by empowering lowincome individuals and families to achieve selfsufficiency through a wide array of communitybased collaborations and programs. 
so many working families through strong partnerships with volunteers, county government, city government, the private sector, and low income populations throughout the San Luis Obispo community. 
worked tirelessly to implement successful programs, such as Early Head Start, Head Start, Migrant and Seasonal Head Start, Supportive Service for Veterans and Families, Homeless Services, and Parent Education and Child Abuse Prevention Services. These programs address the needs of our community by directly combatting poverty and have directly improved the quality of life of local families, strengthened the community, and improved the safety of San Luis Obispo County. 
50th anniversary for its leadership and wish the organization luck in the future. 
recognize the distinguished career of Judy Walden Scarafile on the occasion of her retirement as President of the Cape Cod Baseball League. Judy has served this organization honorably for 45 years, including the last 24 as President. 
an integral and historic component of Massachusetts culture—having been embraced by Cape Cod residents, visitors, and baseball fans alike as a favorite summer pastime since its establishment in 1885. The continued success of the League and that of its individual players—through both collegiate, minor and major league careers—is testament to the dedication and comradery of its leadership. 
Judy Scarafile embodies the best of the League and the best of the game of baseball; she is a savvy businesswoman, a respected leader, and a pioneer for women working in sports administration. 
achieved without her tireless commitment to CCBL, its players, and its fans. She first joined the League in 1970, when longtime head of Public Relations for the Red Sox, Dick Bresciani, her mentor, hired her as an official scorer. For over four decades, Judy’s love for baseball and dedication to the League led her to rise through the ranks—from publicity assistant to, since 1991, CCBL’s first female president. 
Cape Cod Baseball League to unprecedented heights. According to the CCBL Commissioner, her leadership helped the League grow ‘‘from little backyard local teams to an international power in terms of collegiate summer baseball.’’ Well over one thousand players trained, coached, and supported by the League have gone on to lasting careers in baseball. 
honored Judy’s achievements by inducting her into the League’s Hall of Fame. She is also celebrated among other pioneering females in the game of baseball by the National Baseball Hall of Fame’s ‘‘Diamond Dreams’’ exhibit. Among her many other honors and accolades, Judy has also been named the Hyannis Area Chamber of Commerce Citizen of the Year, presented with the Clara Barton Award by the American Red Cross, and received USA Baseball’s Woman of the Year Award. 
Mr. Speaker, it brings me great pride to recognize the retirement of Judy Walden Scarafile from her position as President of the Cape Cod Baseball League. Judy has served the many players who pass through the Cape League—and the game of baseball. Though she will be sorely missed, I thank her for her devotion and wish her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to commend David L. Kolbe of Howard, Ohio for his induction into the Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame this year. A veteran of the Vietnam War and former fire fighter, David has dedicated his life to both those he served with and served for, returning to Ohio to start a career in public service. 
Trustee at the age of 33 and later served as Henry County Commissioner for four years, where he helped secure funding for the Henry County Veterans Memorial in 1989. Later, Kolbe helped elect President Bill Clinton in 1992 as Northwest Ohio coordinator for the Ohio Democratic Party. 
supported unions throughout his life, serving as Political and Legislative Director for the Ohio AFL–CIO in 1994 where he championed reform on issues from campaign finance reform to prescription drug pricing. He also excelled in the realm of community service, working with the United Way and the Red Cross State Council during his time with the AFL–CIO, later earning an appointment by Governor Bob Taft to the State Community Service Council. 
employment has been David’s core focus as a public servant. He has recently worked closely with Helmets to Hardhats, a nonprofit organization that helps connect recently returned veterans to employment in the construction industry. In his current role as political and legislative director for the International Association of Bridge, Structural, Ornamental and Reinforcing Iron Workers, David builds upon his forty year membership in the Iron Workers Local 55 union by serving on the Union Veterans Council executive committee, which he helped found in 2009. 
Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame by Bob Kane of McClure, Ohio and was inducted on November 5, 2015 at the Lincoln Theater in Columbus, alongside eighteen other distinguished veterans. As a Hall of Fame member, David joins the ranks of an impressive list of distinguished Ohioans, including astronauts, police officers, Medal of Honor Recipients, and former Presidents of the United States. 
I could not be prouder of the work David 
Kolbe has done for veterans in the state of Ohio. I see his career of service as an inspiration. I hope you will all join me in congratulating David and his family for being recognized with this great honor. 
honor Virginia Tech’s Coach Frank Beamer, who after 29 years, will retire at the end of this season as a football coach, mentor, friend and role model on and off the field. 
Beamer was a threeyear starting cornerback for the Hokies and after taking over as the Hokies’ head coach in 1987, he built the football program at his alma mater into a national power. 
Coach Beamer stands as the winningest active Division I football coach and the sixth all time with 279 career wins. 
During his 29 years at Virginia Tech, he has 
237 victories and has guided the Hokies to four ACC titles, three Big East championships, six appearances in BCS bowl games, and has posted 13 seasons with 10 or more wins. 
At the end of this month, Virginia Tech will 
play in a bowl game for the 23rd consecutive year under Beamer’s lead, the longest current streak in college football recognized by the NCAA. 
football team and the Virginia Tech community as a whole for so many years. He will certainly be missed. 
have contributed to Virginia Tech, Blacksburg and the game of college football. 
honor the memory of a truly remarkable woman. Ivadale Foster passed away on November 14 in her hometown of Danville, Illinois, at the age of 93. Mrs. Foster was a pillar of the community, who dedicated her life to helping others. Her list of accomplishments and memberships on various community organizations is extraordinary. In 1964 Mrs. Foster was recognized as one of Danville’s outstanding women and was named volunteer of the year in 1993. She was the first and only African American woman to serve on the Vermilion County Board, a position she held for three decades. She was active in the Laura Lee Fellowship House, American Legion Post 736 Auxiliary, and the Danville Public Schools, to name just a few of the organizations on which she served. 
and because of that record of service, the City of Danville and Vermilion County has lost a leader, a trailblazer, and an icon. Ivadale Foster embodied what is good and just in America, and her legacy of community service will touch future generations. 
of Mrs. Foster, as we all mourn her passing. 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF TAMPA LIGHTHOUSE FOR THE BLIND 
my pleasure to recognize the 75th anniversary of Tampa Lighthouse for the Blind. Tampa Lighthouse for the Blind has been serving individuals who are blind or visually impaired since 1940. Tampa Lighthouse for the Blind is dedicated to their mission to maximize independence and provide employment opportunities for persons who are blind or visually impaired. 
Onsite comprehensive rehabilitation services are provided in their two locations in Florida: Tampa and Winter Haven. The training programs are designed to help individuals who have recently lost part or all of their vision gain the skills needed to perform daily tasks and maintain employment. 
first Winter Haven facility in 1993 to provide rehabilitation programs to residents in Polk, Hardee, and Highlands counties. In 1995, the Winter Haven facility opened its Low Vision Clinic for individuals who have some remaining vision. At the Low Vision Clinic, an optometrist specialized in low vision, works to improve visual functioning through the utilization of low vision aids, visual rehabilitation techniques, or specialized training. 
for the Blind has enriched the lives of individuals by providing them with the opportunity to gain greater independence and quality of life, 
and enjoy and benefit from participation in their communities. On behalf of the citizens of Central Florida, I applaud the efforts of those involved and the investments they are making in the lives of individuals with vision loss to provide them with job training, work experience and other tools necessary to lead independent, successful lives. I wish Tampa Lighthouse for the Blind many more years of quality service to our community. 
HONORING 50 YEARS OF UNC HIGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH CENTER EFFORTS TO IMPROVE SAFETY 
I rise to recognize the 50th anniversary of the University of North Carolina (UNC) Highway Safety Research Center. The Center’s mission is to improve the safety, security, access and efficiency of all surface transportation modes by conducting interdisciplinary research and disseminating information. Located on the UNC campus at Chapel Hill, which is in my district, the Center is overseen by the Vice President for Research for the North Carolina University System and the Vice Chancellor for Research and Economic Development on the UNCChapel Hill campus. 
was formed by the North Carolina State Legislature in 1965 at a time when the public was calling for enhanced highway and vehicle safety and injury prevention. Established during former Governor Dan K. Moore’s tenure, the Center began operations in 1966 under the direction of Dr. B.J. Campbell. I’d like to recognize the Center’s current leadership, including David Harkey, Director of the Highway Safety Research Center; Lauren Marchetti, Director of the National Center for Safe Routes to School; Charles Zegeer, Director of the Pedestrian and Bicycle Information Center; and Robert Foss, Director of the Center for the Study of Young Drivers. 
from social and behavioral sciences to engineering and planning—addresses the diverse challenges we face in building safer roads and highways. Research topics include animalvehicle crash information, bicycle & pedestrian safety and access, child passenger safety, distracted and drowsy driving, motorcycle safety, occupant protection, the safety of older and younger drivers, school travel, traffic operations, and roadway design. 
worked with various partner agencies in North Carolina on identifying road safety challenges, developing and implementing strategies, and evaluating the effectiveness of programs and interventions. Partners in North Carolina include the North Carolina Department of Transportation (NCDOT), the Governor’s Highway Safety Program, the State Highway Patrol, and many others. In recent years, the Center worked closely with NCDOT to train State professionals on the concept of complete streets, develop and implement the ‘Watch for Me’ pedestrian and bicycle safety program, and develop the 2014 Strategic Highway Safety Plan. The nationally renowned investigators at the 
center have also translated their results into programs and policies that have been implemented in North Carolina, saving countless lives and injuries. The Center’s staff has also trained thousands of safety professionals, and have served as a resource for the public and the media on how to communicate safety messages and provide an impartial voice on timely road safety topics. 
Center has been a leading research institute that has helped shape the field of transportation safety. We are fortunate that this world class highway safety research center calls North Carolina home. Again, I want to congratulate the Center on celebrating 50 years of service to the cause of highway safety and road users everywhere. I look forward to their continued work over the coming decades. 
tired of people talking about gun violence as if it is just another headline or topic of the day. While we tend to discuss gun violence because it occurs so frequently in our country, another debate is not enough. 
before gun violence stops? What will it take for every Member of this House to consider gun safety laws? And, when will we stop talking about the lives lost and take real action to save our constituents before their names are called before a moment of silence? 
It is clear that there is a culture of violence 
pervading our society. It is crippling us at our core: tearing families apart and hurting communities. Perpetrators are cutting off generations at the head and ending lives way too soon. 
Gun violence is a crisis of murder. We need 
to call it what it is. We must figure out how to stop people from killing other people and get guns out of the hands of those that do not need them. 
an absolute right to bear arms. I disagree. All rights are subject to reasonable restrictions. But what is absolute, is that Americans have the right to leave their homes without being shot. All Americans deserve to live free from fear. 
lose more innocent children, men and women. Every day we do nothing, we forfeit more lives. 
I call on my colleagues in Congress to pass 
comprehensive, national gun policies that eliminate loopholes, ban assault weapons, and place limits on highcapacity magazines. Several bills have been introduced in the House this year. I have cosponsored many. Yet, none have made it to the House Floor. 
It saddens me that we are still just talking 
about gun safety. We did the same after Sandy Hook and Newtown. We reacted similarly following Aurora, Charleston, Oregon, 
continue after each tragic instance of gun violence in our districts. 
We are complicit in this violence if we fail to 
strengthen our gun laws and combat other reasons these murders continue. Comprehensive gun control may not be a panacea, but it is indeed a good start. It is time to take action. Let’s make our streets safer for all Americans. 
honor the 20th anniversary of the Central New York Storm Cheerleading All Star Program. The CNY Storm was founded in 1996 and was the first All Star program in New York State. The CNY Storm provides a welcoming environment where all ages and ability levels are invited to come and learn about cheerleading and tumbling. 
longest running and most successful program not only in Central New York, the Capital District, and North Country, but in all of New York State. The coaches and staff at CNY Storm are knowledgeable, experienced and nationally recognized. The team is a United States All Star Foundation member gym and all athletes are USASF members. 
plays an important role in Central New York, working with young people locally to teach them life skills, teambuilding, character education and the importance of community and the pursuit of academic goals. The team continuously offers community service activities for its team members, along with academic rewards, college scouting opportunities, and a family atmosphere. 
CNY Storm Cheerleading All Star Program and congratulate the program on achieving its 20th anniversary. I wish the program continued success for years to come. 
IN HONOR OF THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF V–103, THE PEOPLE’S STATION 
today I rise to honor the 40th anniversary of ‘‘The People’s Station’’, V–103, a radio station that has withstood the test of time and always kept up with the pulse of metro Atlanta. 
music station. The station rose to prominence and became one of Atlanta’s radio market leaders under the guidance and leadership of then program director, Scotty Andrews. Although it found its audience in disco, as musical tastes changed, V–103 proved to be fluid and ready to meet the listening needs of the people of Atlanta. There is no finer example of this fact than 
in 2000 when the People’s Station added full time hip hop to their catalog of urban contemporary soul and R&B. V–103 helped promote some of Atlanta’s most notable homegrown musicians and producers. But more than just a music station, V–103 has been a pillar of support in both the Greater Atlanta community as well as the United States. 
Center on September 11, 2001, thenMayor Bill Campbell escorted the V–103 morning team to Ground Zero to present more than $100,000 to then New York mayor Rudy Giuliani for the families of first responders. The station raised over $250,000 to assist the displaced people of Hurricane Katrina in Atlanta and New Orleans. In November 2008, the station paused its music service to report on the historic election of this nation’s first African American president, Barack Obama. V– 103 has been a partner in promoting the 13th district’s Health, Job and Foreclosure prevention fairs and contributing to the success of these events. 
has proven itself as a resource for the greater Atlanta community. With over one million listeners, V–103 is undoubtedly an integral part of people of Atlanta’s morning and evening commutes as well as an important part of the philanthropic community. 
honor an organization that has been an informative voice for so many Georgians throughout the last 40 years. I ask my colleagues to join me in commemorating V–103 on their organization’s anniversary and for their continued service to the Greater Atlanta community. 
recognize the 180th anniversary of the founding of Centenary United Methodist Church in Effingham, Illinois. Centenary United Methodist Church can trace its origins to 1835, four years after Effingham County was established. This makes Centenary the oldest congregation in Effingham County. The congregation at first had no building in which to worship, the first members of the church would meet in each other’s homes. Ground breaking for the current church began in 1954 and the building was dedicated in 1961. 
long tradition of community involvement and care, and for 180 years it has been serving the spiritual and emotional needs of its members and the community with many different activities and programs. I look forward to the continued success of Centenary United Methodist Church, and I extend my best wishes to it on its 180th anniversary. HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the service of Jennifer L. Baun of Youngstown, Ohio who served in the U.S. Navy. Today she serves veterans and the greater community and has been recognized for her outstanding work with induction into the Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame. 
While Jennifer works fulltime in the pharmaceutical industry, she spends a great deal of her free time helping veterans. Jenn is the president of the Northeast Ohio Women Veterans Unit 21, a chapter of the Military Women Across the Nation veterans group, an organization dedicated to women who proudly served in the military. She is vice chair of the Ohio Department of Veterans Services Advisory Committee on Women Veterans and was instrumental in seeking sponsorship for the biennial Ohio Women Veterans Conferences. Additionally, Jenn worked diligently on the movement of legislation supporting the Ohio Women Veterans license plate. In May of 2015, Jenn was a finalist for the Athena Leadership Award for the exceptional impact and leadership she has made in her career and community. 
Jenn’s commitment to giving even more and helping her fellow veterans is a source of inspiration to me, and our whole community. On behalf of the whole community, I would like to congratulate Jennifer on this most recent honor, and offer my sincere thanks for the work she has done, and will no doubt continue to do for fellow veterans in our community. 
RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BUCK LEE ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT AS THE SANTA ROSA ISLAND AUTHORITY EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
to recognize Mr. Buck Lee for his dedicated service to the Gulf Coast community on the occasion of his retirement as the Santa Rosa Island Authority Executive Director. 
in Pensacola on December 24, 1947 to Jack and LaVonne Lee. Growing up along the Gulf Coast, he attended Warrington Elementary and Junior High Schools, Escambia High School, and Pensacola Junior College. A life long Ole Miss fan, he attended the University of Mississippi, where he was a proud member of Kappa Sigma Fraternity. Following his studies, Buck served in the United States Army until 1974, when he returned to Northwest Florida to start a career as a businessman and public servant. 
ownership of a car dealership, Jack Lee Buick, and the creation of a government consulting firm. In addition, Buck was also elected to 
County Commissioner in both Escambia and Santa Rosa Counties. 
Director of the Santa Rosa Island Authority. In this capacity, he is responsible for implementing plans and programs established by the Santa Rosa Island Authority Board and administering the daily operations of the Santa Rosa Island Authority, which includes a staff of 35 permanent employees and approximately 40 seasonal employees on Pensacola Beach. 
Santa Rosa Island Authority has coincided with several pivotal moments in Northwest Florida history. He was appointed in the wake of Hurricane Ivan, one of the costliest storms in American history and was also Executive Director during Hurricane Dennis. Buck worked diligently to restore the beach, but in 2010, the community was hit hard again following the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill. In 2012, however, Pensacola Beach had the best year ever for retail sales, and with the Santa Rosa Island Authority Board approval, Buck implemented ‘‘Bands on the Beach,’’ an event that attracts thousands of individuals. Buck also oversees the Pensacola Beach Blue Angels Airshow and is active in various civic and community organizations. His excellent service has not gone unnoticed, and he has received numerous awards, including the 2011 Communicator of the Year award by the Florida Public Relations Association. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful community, I am pleased to congratulate Mr. Buck Lee on his wellearned retirement. My wife Vicki and I wish him all the best for continued success. 
Air Corps during World War II, suffering severe leg wounds in a mission over what is now Jakarta. While he was in the hospital, Japan overtook the city and he was captured in March 1942. He was sent to a POW camp to do farm labor, build fences, dig ditches, and work on the docks. Joseph DeMott was starved, beaten, and temporarily blinded when the camp was liberated in September 1945. For his heroism, he received two Purple Hearts. 
he became an electrical engineer after graduating from Penn State. He went on later to work as a plant manager at Champion Blower and Forge in Lancaster. 
other former POWs held by Japan during World War II traveled to Japan as guests of the Japanese government to revisit and reconcile with their past. 
to us all not only in courage, selflessness, patriotism, and valor, but also in forgiveness. Those who are truly strong are strong enough to forgive. Mr. Speaker, there are heroes all around us 
in this country. I am proud to represent over 40,000 of them in the Sixteenth Congressional District of Pennsylvania. 
today to recognize and congratulate Thomas and Linda Koehn for being recognized as Outstanding Individual Philanthropists by the Des Moines Business Record. They have long been supporters of arts, culture, and community service in the Des Moines area. 
time and talents to promoting the greater good. They have directed most of their philanthropic efforts to The Community Foundation of Greater Des Moines and United Way of Central Iowa. Thomas and Linda describe the two organizations as pillars of the greater Des Moines metropolitan area. 
The Koehns’ willingness to serve others before themselves has left a longlasting impact on the community. Their dedicated leadership on a variety of philanthropic boards and organizations cannot be understated, as well as their contributions to the Greater Des Moines Botanical Garden, the Des Moines Symphony, and the Science Center of Iowa, to name a few. 
duty throughout their lives is admirable and gives me great hope for our nation’s future. It is Iowans like them who make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. I ask that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating the Koehns for receiving this outstanding recognition and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
Thomas ‘‘Tank’’ Strickland is one of the hardest working people I have ever known and a very patriotic American. He will retire soon from his position as city community relations director in Knoxville, Tennessee, where he has served for almost 20 years. He has also represented the city he loves so much for several years as an esteemed member of the Knox County Commission. 
the University of Tennessee, Mr. Strickland’s service to the community spans a lifetime and has come not just through government but also volunteer and philanthropy work. The community honored him for this devotion with the naming of Thomas ‘‘Tank’’ Strickland Park. Recently, he was also bestowed with the Jayne Thomas Grassroots Volunteer Recognition Award for community advocacy from the Community Action Partnership. This award is 
given only to those who have ‘‘made a significant and outstanding contribution toward accomplishing the promise of Community Action’’ and is ‘‘devoted to changing people’s lives.’’ 
of his life to combating neighborhood violence and helping atrisk youth. He is seen in Knoxville as a symbol of integrity. Among other causes he champions are the Howard Circle of Friends, a senior daycare group, and the Interfaith Health Clinic for the working poor. 
spent his entire life in service to the neighborhood where he grew up. I call his work and dedication to the attention of my Colleagues and other readers in hopes that he will inspire many, many more in the years to come. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent on Thursday, December 10, 2015, as I was attending a funeral in my congressional district in Massachusetts. 
to Table the Appeal of the Ruling of the Chair on the Privileged Resolution offered by Ms. PELOSI of California to place on the calendar 
for an immediate vote H.R. 1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act, had I been present I would have voted NO. 
celebration of the 36th Annual Recognition Day of Concerned Women of Brooklyn. This organization has helped to make a difference in the lives of countless women, their families and communities in Brooklyn for decades. On December 12, 2015 at Giando’s on the Water in Brooklyn, NY, this year’s honorees will be celebrated for their invaluable service. 
proud to honor 12 prominent individuals selected for distinguishing themselves in their chosen fields. Ms. Georgetta Belton, Director of Culinary Ministry at Bethany Baptist Church, Mr. Frank Boswell, Executive Director of Bushwick Economic Development Corporation, Mr. Edie GonzalezDevonish, Educational Director of Two by Two Child Care, Dr. Benjamin Igwe, President and CEO of Family Service Network of New York, Mr. Winchester Key, President and CEO of East New York Urban Youth Corporation, Reverend Rose M. KingBennett of Associated Minister Greater Bright Light Missionary Baptist Church, Ms. Judy D. Newton, independent consultant and community advocate and Reverend Marsha Scipio, Esq. Executive Director of Berean Community and Family Life Center are recipients of Concerned Women of Brooklyn’s Excellence in Community and Civic Services. 
Woodhull Medical Center, Ms. Marcia Peters, JD, Senior Associated Executive Director at Bellevue Hospital Center and Dr. Ramanathan Raju, President and CEO of the New York City Health + Hospitals are recipients of Concerned Women of Brooklyn’s Excellence in Health Services and Ms. Jani Selestine Ahay, a New England College student is the recipient of the Peggy Pinchback Scholarship Award. 
I commend these honorees for their dedication, commitment and contribution to serving the people of Brooklyn. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other 
distinguished colleagues join me in celebrating the 36th Annual Recognition Day of Concerned Women of Brooklyn and these 12 wonderful honorees. 
today to recognize and congratulate Steve Chapman for being recognized by the Des Moines Business Record as this year’s Outstanding Volunteer Fundraiser. For over 20 years Steve has been relied upon in the greater Des Moines metropolitan area as a trusted and effective fundraising leader. 
Steve has made to the Des Moines metro area, his fundraising acumen has been exceptionally influential. In dedicating his time and talent Steve has successfully fundraised for organizations like ChildServe, Yes for Valley, Boy Scouts of America, Easter Seals, and the American Heart Association, to name a few. 
Steve has also played a key role in a number of important Des Moines initiatives, including the passage of the Polk County local option sales tax. His willingness to serve and work on the behalf of others is a testament to his character. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I recognize Steve today. It is Iowans like Steve that make me proud to be an Iowan and represent our great state. I ask that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating Steve for this outstanding accomplishment and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
congratulate Lisa Drake upon her upcoming retirement after 28 years with Monsanto. 
Team Lead for U.S. State and Local Government Affairs for Monsanto. In that capacity, she has managed the company’s government affairs and community relations teams in all fifty states and Puerto Rico. She also has served as Secretary of the Board of Colorado Biosciences Association. Prior to working in Government Affairs, Lisa 
was Director of Public Affairs for Monsanto’s Agricultural Sector, managing global media relations and issues management for the company’s leading herbicide, Roundup herbicide, and several of its biotechnology traits and seeds businesses. 
B.A. in technical journalism from Colorado State University and she worked for two trade associations in California. She also served as a reporter for several daily and weekly newspapers in Colorado, Mississippi and Alabama. 
As the Team Lead for U.S. State and Local 
Government Affairs, Lisa recruited, trained and developed an outstanding team of professionals to represent Monsanto before local and state governments. She and her team have built deep and effective relationships with legislative bodies, elected officials, and grower organizations throughout the nation. While she has had many accomplishments, one of note is her development and implementation of a strategy to engage and partner with communities around a number of Monsanto’s facilities. 
Throughout her career, Lisa has represented Monsanto with professionalism, grace, and class and has been a strong advocate for American agriculture and farmers. After relocating from St. Louis some years ago, Lisa and her husband Jack and two children, Sam and Amanda, live and work in Denver, Colorado. In retirement, Lisa and Jack are looking forward to traveling and pursuing their hobbies and philanthropic activities. I wish them the best as they begin this exciting new chapter in their lives. 
today to recognize and congratulate Richard and Barbara Kunze of Griswold, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. They were married at the Lewis Methodist Church in 1950. 
to each other and their children, Rebecca, Dennis, Brad and Dana, along with their grandchildren and greatchildren truly embodies our Iowa values. It is families like the Kunzes that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. 
on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Mr. Ted Beattie for his dedication to education and to congratulate him on his retirement after twenty one years with Shedd Aquarium in Chicago. 
Shedd Aquarium as its president and CEO, overseeing the aquarium’s largest expansion project and launching Shedd to its position as one of the country’s leading educational aquariums. 
and development director for the Cincinnati Zoo and eventually went on to lead zoos in both Tennessee and Texas before coming to Chicago in 1994. He is an active member of the American Zoo and Aquarium Association and formerly served as its president. 
As a respected leader in his field of marine 
science, Mr. Beattie was appointed by President Bush to serve on the sixteenmember U.S. Commission on Ocean Policy, an initiative that has led to the creation of new ocean policies, such as pollution prevention efforts and the enhancement of marine science, commerce, and transportation. 
Mr. Beattie’s top priorities in his years with Shedd Aquarium. The $45 million Wild Reef wing opened in 2003 and features one of the most diverse shark exhibits in the country. In 2009, during Mr. Beattie’s tenure, the renovation of Shedd’s Abbott Oceanarium marine mammal pavilion was completed—restoring one of Shedd’s favorite exhibits, beloved by teachers, students, and patrons of all ages. 
Shedd Aquarium has secured its reputation as a worldclass aquarium, hosting millions of guests each year. Mr. Beattie’s commitment to marine education has undoubtedly contributed to Shedd’s excellence and I congratulate him on his many achievements and thank him for his work to make Shedd Aquarium one of Illinois’ most treasured attractions. 
today to recognize and congratulate Greenfield Oil from Greenfield, Iowa. The company has reached an important milestone this year and I join them in celebrating their 100th anniversary of providing goods and services to southern Iowa. 
Greenfield Oil’s doors first opened on August 15th, 1915 by its owner, Frank Grounds. Since that time, three generations of family have owned and operated Greenfield Oil, focusing on auto care and tires. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor that I’m able 
to recognize Greenfield Oil and its hardworking employees today for their dedication and 
colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating them on their 100th anniversary. I wish them nothing but continued success. 
HONORING RYAN CHESTER, WINNER OF THE BREAKTHROUGH JUNIOR CHALLENGE 
congratulate Mr. Ryan Chester for his accomplishment of being selected the winner of the Breakthrough Junior Challenge. Ryan is an extraordinarily talented senior from North Royalton High School, who competed against more than 2,000 applicants from across the world. The Breakthrough Junior Challenge is a competition that invites students ages 13–18 to submit videos that explain science, physics, and math concepts. 
With a bowl of popcorn, a brilliant mind, and 
some very creative videoediting skills, Ryan created a capturing visual to explain Einstein’s Special Theory in Relativity, and won first prize in this inaugural competition. 
a $250,000 scholarship, a $100,000 stateof the art new science lab for North Royalton High School, and $50,000 for his AP Physics teacher Mr. Richard Nestoff. He also had the once in a lifetime opportunity to meet Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, whose Silicon Valley Community Foundation co hosted the event. 
film and science and apply it in a setting outside of the classroom on his own accord should be encouraged in schools throughout the country. As a nation, we are committed to advancing our understanding of science and applying it in a way that can impact the lives of all mankind. I know we are in good hands as we continue to lead the way in new scientific breakthroughs and innovations that will define the 21st century with young scientists like Ryan. 
It is with great admiration I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Ryan on his achievement, and wish him the best with all of his future endeavors. 
today to recognize and congratulate Norman and Shirley Kaiser of Massena, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on October 2, 1965 at the Baptist Church in Knoxville, Iowa. 
to each other, their daughter, Dori, and their grandchildren, truly embodies Iowa values. It is families like the Kaisers that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple 
on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took office, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
added $8,148,207,932,526.78 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our nation, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amendment. 
rise today to honor the crew of the M.S. Shahan II . On September 14, 2015, a seemingly normal work commute turned into a life or death rescue mission. Al Yeomans, Ship’s Mate; Cliff McGuigan, Ship’s Mate; Jeffrey Krause, Security; Meghan Jackson, Environmental Safety and Occupational Health Specialist; Allyson Cooke, Document Control Specialist; Jennifer Knight, Administrative Assistant; and Hector Lavarreda, Procurement Manager, all a part of the workforce at the Plum Island Animal Disease Center, sprang into action after spotting two boaters off the coast of Old Saybrook, Connecticut. 
the boaters clinging to the fender of their sinking vessel and not wearing life jackets, which meant that a timely rescue was critical. Despite the rough conditions, Captain Peter Jordan managed to maneuver the ferry into position to deploy a rescue sling and hoist the boaters to safety. Once aboard, the crew rushed to protect the victims from hypothermia and shock. 
If not for the courageous efforts of the crew 
members, the story being told may have ended tragically. The actions undertaken by these crew members embody the spirit of American determination and the desire to help others when they need it most. It is important to recognize these individuals so that their selfless actions do not go unnoticed and can be commended by all. Today, we thank these crewmembers for their efforts and service to their communities. TRIBUTE TO MAIN STREET 
today to recognize and congratulate Main Street Corning. The group has reached an important milestone this year and I join them in celebrating their 25th anniversary of working hard to improve the Corning local business community. 
The mission of the Main Street Iowa Program is to improve the social and economic wellbeing of Iowa’s communities by assisting selected communities to capitalize on the unique identity, assets, and character of each historic commercial district. For 25 years, Main Street Corning has continued to successfully beautify the downtown and fiscally strengthen its businesses. 
Street Corning and its hardworking employees and volunteers in the United States Congress. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating them on their 25th anniversary and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
colleagues in wishing Ted Beattie the best as he retires following a 21year tenure as President and Chief Executive Officer of Shedd Aquarium. Under Mr. Beattie’s leadership, Shedd Aquarium has prospered, growing into one of the largest indoor aquariums in the world. I thank him for his contributions to the State of Illinois. 
CELEBRATING THE 230TH ANNIVERSARY OF ROCKAWAY VALLEY UNITED METHODIST CHURCH 
today to honor the Rockaway Valley United Methodist Church, located in Boonton Township, New Jersey, as it celebrates its 230th Anniversary. 
has been an active part of the Boonton Township community since its founding in 1785. Through its weekly masses the church continues to foster religious life. 
The United Methodist Church got its beginnings in the United States in 1784. The church spread through ‘‘circuit riders’’ who traveled spreading the word of God, and caring for His people. In 1785 the Rockaway Valley United Methodist Church was built as a center of worship for this new religion. The current church 
was built in 1842 by members of the founding 
families. In 1894 a slate roof was added, and the cupola was added in 1895–1900. There are 12 stained glass windows dating back to 1900 which were donated in honor of the founding members. The church is surrounded by a cemetery which dates back to the building of the church. In 1976 the church building was added to the New Jersey Register of Historic Places, and in 1977 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. 
Church has helped the United Methodist community celebrate and practice their beliefs. The church has also done much more for the community of Boonton Township. The church has served as a gathering place for the entire community. Boy Scouts of America Troop 69 has been using the church as a meeting place for 80 years. The church also plays host to a Christian drama school, and a weekly karate class. In 2014 the church donated over 400 pounds of food to the Interfaith Food Pantry. The Rockaway Valley United Methodist Church holds a weekly playgroup for children from birth to kindergarten along with their caregivers to foster a community among the small congregation. 
Church’s 230th Anniversary, I commend all of the pastors and committees of the Church. Since its founding, Rockaway Valley United Methodist Church has been supported by the people of Boonton Township; this is one of the main reasons why the church is still a big part of the community. After 230 years of outstanding service to the Boonton Township, I commend and congratulate Rockaway Valley United Methodist Church for all of its hard work and dedication. 
to join me in congratulating the Rockaway Valley United Methodist Church, as it celebrates its 230th Anniversary. 
today to congratulate Dylan DeClerck for being recognized by the Des Moines Business Record as this year’s Outstanding Youth in Philanthropy. 
of the most important aspects of life is giving back to others and helping those that need it most. For his part, Dylan founded the organization Opportunity on Deck at the age of 16. This organization plays a key role in empowering youth by encouraging active lifestyles and athletics. Dylan’s organization has served over 500 children in Greater Des Moines and continues teaching young people the importance of healthy living, teamwork and sportsmanship. Opportunity on Deck gives youth who wouldn’t normally have a chance to participate in sports camps the ability to experience them free of charge. 
himself has already made a longlasting impact on the lives of hundreds of young people in the Greater Des Moines area. His dedication to improving the community through volunteerism and civic engagement is a testament to his character. Today, Dylan attends Drake University as a marketing and finance student. Although he is busy with his studies he continues to volunteer what little extra time he has to serving others. 
of civic duty at such a young age gives me great hope for our nation’s future. It is Iowans like him who make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Dylan for receiving this outstanding recognition and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, congratulations to Bucks County Treasurer William ‘‘Bill’’ Snyder for 36 years of honorable service to the people of Bucks County. Before his election in 1980, he served our country with the 31st infantry in Korea between 1951 and 1953. Upon his return to civilian life, he operated and built a successful business and was a member of the International Operating Engineers Union. He is known for his local civic and community involvement, including serving on the Doylestown Township Planning Commission and later the Doylestown Township Board of Supervisors. As county treasurer, Bill Snyder has implemented many changes and efficiencies and was an active member of the County Treasurer’s Association of Pennsylvania. In addition, he held various leadership positions on the Bucks County Republican Committee. On this, the occasion of his retirement, we wish him many happy and healthy retirement years. 
honor the service of Commander Joe Groom of the Aurora Police Department. 
Department in 1989, Commander Groom rose through the ranks to become Investigations Division Commander. He was a steadfast fixture in our community through his involvement in local organizations and constant engagement with his neighbors, fellow officers, and city officials. 
Commander Groom was also an ambassador for the City of Aurora, through his work with the International and Illinois Associations of Chiefs of Police, the Chiefs Associations in Kane, DuPage, and Kendall Counties, the Kane County DUI Task Force, the Juvenile Drug Court Advisory Committee, and the Aurora Police Foundation. Beyond his involvement with law enforcement, Commander 
Groom held leadership positions in the Exchange Club of Aurora, the Knights of Columbus Council 736, and Big Brothers Big Sisters of Kane and Kendall Counties. 
Commander Groom passed away on December 9, 2015, at the age of 50. Although his life was tragically cut short, his legacy of 26 years of selfless service will be felt by generations of Aurorans. He will be remembered as a dedicated husband, father, and community leader. 
today to recognize and congratulate Larry Giles, of Mount Ayr, Iowa, for being selected as a member of the Mount Ayr Community Hall of Fame. 
School and was hired as a junior high math teacher at Mount Ayr Schools in 1966. During his 29 years at Mount Ayr Schools Larry served in a number of different roles, including: elementary guidance counselor, special education coordinator, and eventually elementary principal. Larry was closely involved in the reorganization of individual schools into Mount Ayr Community Schools. At one point, he was the principal of 13 buildings at the same time. Larry has served on the school board, Southwestern Community College Board, the Mount Ayr Foundation Board, and has been an active sports official since 1967. 
Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him and Iowans like him in the United States Congress I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Larry for his distinguished career and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
to honor Captain Carl Lahti, United States Navy, as he concludes his service as the 50th Commanding Officer of Naval Submarine Base New London. On behalf of southeastern Connecticut, I thank Captain Lahti for his service, his leadership and his friendship to our region. 
graduated from the Naval Academy in 1989 and went on to serve in a number of capacities throughout the Submarine Force at sea and on shore. It was during his tour as Commanding Officer of U.S. Naval Submarine Base New London, however, that I got the chance to work closely with Captain Lahti. In a region that follows developments on the base like a box score, Captain Lahti’s two and a halfyear tour at the base was distinguished 
the submarine force, a focus on the vitality and viability of the base, and deepening the connections between the base and its host community and state. 
undertook over $36 million in major infrastructure projects and capital investment to improve the base’s operational infrastructure and the quality of life for sailors and their families. Most notably, Captain Lahti led the preparations to return a new flag officer to SUBASE with the establishment of the new Undersea Warfighting Development Center. And, working closely with the State of Connecticut, Captain Lahti deepened the innovative relationship between the base and its host state through collaborative investment in new projects to improve the operations, training and security at the base. 
Beyond the nuts and bolts of base infrastructure, Captain Lahti prioritized efforts to deepen the connection between the installations and the surrounding community. Under his watch, the base community contributed thousands of community service volunteer hours in the region in local schools and organizations. And Captain Lahti was instrumental in broader regional events such as the highly successful Coast Guard Birthday Salute event in August 2015. 
Captain Lahti was a fixture in the southeastern Connecticut community during his tenure at SUBASE New London, and the base was rightfully honored under his leadership. It is no wonder then that SUBASE New London was selected by the Mystic Chamber of Commerce as Southeastern Connecticut’s ‘‘Employer of the Year.’’ In addition, Captain Lahti’s leadership led SUBASE New London to earn the SECNAV Energy Gold Award, Galley 5star Award, and the CNO Environmental Restoration Award. 
As you might imagine, a close working relationship with the Commanding Officer of the base is a prerequisite for anyone representing eastern Connecticut in Congress. However, I consider myself privileged to have worked so closely with Captain Lahti not just in his capacity as a Navy officer, but as a friend. He and his team have never been more than a phone call or email away, and the connection between his office and mine has been nothing short of a twoway street. I am grateful for his time, his advice, his counsel and most of all, his unflagging commitment to Connecticut’s base and the sailors and submarines stationed at it. 
a team effort, and no one was a more important part of Captain Lahti’s team than his wife Lisa. She was actively involved in the surrounding community, attending a wide range of events for nonprofit organizations, promoting charitable activities of all different stripes. Both Carl and Lisa are devoted parents to Benjamin, Nathaniel, Samuel, Abraham, Rebehka, and Katheryn, who also have been frequent guests at community events. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join 
me in thanking Captain Lahti for his service to SUBASE New London and our nation, and in wishing him and his family, ‘‘fair winds and following seas’’ as they move on to new challenges. COMMENDING REGINA MEREDITH 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, today I commend Regina Meredith, Salem High School’s counseling coordinator, who was recently named Counselor of the Year by the Virginia Counselors Association. 
she earned her bachelor’s degree as well as two master’s degrees. She began her career at Carroll County High School, where she taught English. Regina also worked in Hillsville, Roanoke, and Christiansburg as a special education teacher. 
Christiansburg, where she also taught English, prior to joining the staff at Salem High School in 2005. In 2012, Regina was named Salem High’s teacher of the year, and in 2014 she was named the Roanoke Area Counseling Association’s Member of the Year. 
work ethic, her professionalism, her innovation and, most importantly, her love for and service to others are models for both students and her colleagues,’’ said Salem High School principal Scott Habeeb in the Roanoke Times. ‘‘Without a doubt, we meet the needs of Salem’s young people more effectively as a result of Regina Meredith’s influence on our school.’’ 
I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Regina Meredith for her years of dedication to our nation’s young people. I appreciate her hard work, and congratulate her for this tremendous accomplishment. 
honor and pay tribute to a couple whose commitment to each other and to the Riverside County, California community is exceptional. Today, Dan and Joan Hollingsworth will be celebrating their 60th wedding anniversary. This couple has spent their lives raising a beautiful family and serving their local community. 
California in 1955 at the First Baptist Church. After moving to San Jacinto, California in 1960, the couple established Dan’s Dairy, a dairy farm that also featured a cash and carry storefront. Dedicated to his business and the greater farming industry, Dan joined the Board of Directors of the Riverside County Farm Bureau after being asked to serve. Dan later went on to serve as the President of the Farm Bureau Board from 1976 to 1978. Dan also worked as a District Representative for Congressman Victor Veysey. 
Like her husband, Joan was also very involved with the community over the years. She served on the Riverside County School District Organization, as well as many school, 
church and charitable organizations. Together Dan and Joan have four children; Bettina Louise, Marcella Joan, Leonard Daniel, and Dennis Clark, 17 grandchildren, and 16 great grandchildren. 
Dan and Joan are still both very active community members. They have owned and operated JoDan Farms, a wholesale tree nursery, in Murrieta, California since 1989. Dan also has served as the Chair of the Riverside County Republican Party. In 1989, Dan was chosen to be the recipient of the Bob Howie Award for Outstanding Service to Riverside County Agriculture. More recently, he was also selected to receive the Myra Goldwater Lifetime Achievement Award in recognition of his many contributions to the Riverside County community. 
family, community service and giving back has contributed immensely to the betterment of the community of Riverside County, California. I am proud to call Dan and Joan close friends, fellow community members and great Americans. Today, I add my voice to the many who will be congratulating them on the celebration of their 60th wedding anniversary. 
today to congratulate Johnny Danos for being recognized by the Des Moines Business Record with the Spirit of Philanthropy Award. Johnny has been a longtime supporter and volunteer for numerous local charities and organizations. 
and talents to promoting the greater good. He has volunteered his efforts to organizations like the United Way of Central Iowa, Broadlawns Advocacy Center for Mental Health, Above and Beyond Cancer, Iowa Society of Economic Success, and the Des Moines Symphony, to name a few. Johnny has utilized his unique relationshipbuilding skills to improve the community. 
himself has made a longlasting impact on the community. His dedicated leadership on a variety of philanthropic boards and organizations cannot be understated. The philanthropic work Johnny has put in over the years has advanced the Des Moines metropolitan area in ways that were previously thought to be unachievable. 
throughout his life is admirable and gives me great hope for our nation’s future. It is Iowans like him who make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Johnny for receiving this outstanding recognition and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
my position for a vote cast on December 11, 2015 on passage of H.R. 2250 and the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 664, Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
On Roll Call Vote Number 693, I did not 
meaningful steps toward combatting unfair trade practices, negative provisions in the bill related to climate protection, and a lack of strong currency provisions make me unable to support the legislation. The conference report strips language that was included in the Senatepassed version of H.R. 644 that would have allowed for the application of countervailing duties to address currency manipulation. 
served his country in over 40 years in war and peace. From his first days at West Point, Steve has dedicated his life to protecting this nation. After a distinguished military career, he served as a Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense and most recently as the head of national security research at the Heritage Foundation. Steve launched the Foundation’s Index of U.S. Military Strength, the most comprehensive and authoritative annual assessment of the state of the armed forces. He is a recognized world expert on security matters from cyber security to terrorism. Most importantly, he is one of Washington’s premier mentors of our future—our young professionals. We all owe him a thank you for a lifetime of putting his nation first. 
to honor the work of Ted A. Beattie and wish him the best as he embarks on the next chapter of his life, retirement. 
decades as President and CEO of Shedd Aquarium, one of the largest aquariums in the world. It has also ranked as the top paid cultural attraction in Chicago for seventeen of the twentyone years. This was due in large part to Mr. Beattie’s leadership. 
fundraising efforts, raising almost $100 million in funds for Shedd Aquarium, demonstrating his ability to inspire support for Shedd and its diverse, global animal collection. His leadership for the aquarium, housed in an architecturally beautiful setting, also helped promote 21stcentury advances in animal care, environments and interpretation. 
For 35 years he devoted his life to animal 
conservation and education. He holds degrees from Ohio State University (OSU). After completing his education, he went on to serve on the OSU Provost’s External Advisory Board on Teaching, the Advisory Board for the School of Journalism and Communication and the OSU Major Gifts Committee. 
I know that I speak for many when I say 
that Ted Beattie will be deeply missed. His devotion and professionalism, his focus on economic security for Shedd Aquarium, and his entire career are truly one of a kind. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in honoring Mr. Ted Beattie for his extraordinary leadership and commitment to animal conservation. 
today to congratulate Picatinny Arsenal on opening a renovated, historic firehouse on the military installation. 
New Jersey, has been a leader in developing cutting edge guns and ammunition for all branches of the United States Armed Forces since its founding as a powder depot in 1880. Home to over 6,000 employees including civilians, military personnel, and contractors, Picatinny Arsenal’s portfolio comprises ninety percent of the Army’s lethality and all conventional ammunition for joint warfighters. 
Building 3316, home of a new fire department, was originally built in 1903 as a Dutch colonial structure. Before serving as a fire house it was a horse stable, and later a garage for the Lake Denmark Naval Ammunition Depot. By 1945 the building was converted to a dormitory and fire department for the Navy. In 1962 Army firefighters moved into the building, and it remained a fire headquarters until 2009. In 2010 the building was repurposed to serve as an outdoor recreation facility. Now after renovations, the fire department is moving back in, and creating a third fire department for the installation. 
a new fire department after the Fire Chief’s assessment showed a need for a new department to better serve all three fire zones. The creation of this department has resulted in the hiring of 16 new firefighters. Many surrounding towns rely on the fire services provided by the arsenal for mutual aid. Due to the dangerous mission of Picatinny Arsenal, all firefighters are trained in a variety of situations including medical response, chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear situations. The opening of this building will help the Picatinny Fire Department to better serve its community. 
communities, and Picatinny is lucky to have such a welltrained fire department at its disposal. While we all hope the fire department 
does not see too much action, at least we all know they are ready for every crisis. 
recognizing the Picatinny Arsenal Fire Department and its firefighters for their dedicated service, and wish them continued success with their new department. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, today I congratulate Blacksburg Mayor Ron Rordam, who was recently approved by the Virginia Municipal League to serve as its president for one year. 
Rordam said in a statement released by the Virginia Municipal League. ‘‘This means everyone should support our local businesses, schools, and neighborhoods. It’s how we support our citizens. And, within that broad concept, I will focus on ways we can influence education affecting our youngest citizens to give them every advantage to succeed in the future. To have strong communities, we must have a work force that is flexible and nimble. Early childhood education is one of the most important keys to ensuring that our localities can compete for those future jobs.’’ 
I congratulate Mayor Rordam on this accomplishment, and look forward to continuing to work with him and other local officials in an effort to further the growth of our area’s economy and improve its quality of life. 
today to thank Ted Beattie, the CEO of Shedd Aquarium for his decades of service and to wish him well as he retires. Ted has had an incredible impact on the Shedd Aquarium, the Chicago community, and marine wildlife around the world. My family and I have spent many enjoyable hours at Shedd Aquarium. 
his leadership Shedd has added 6 permanent exhibits. His work brought creatures of the Caribbean Reef to Chicago, including sharks, stingrays, and of course, coral. He also brought us the Stingray Touch exhibit, which allows children of all ages to come in direct contact with these incredible creatures—with no risk of harm, of course. 
the Oceanarium. There, Shedd Aquarium guests can experience the coast of the Pacific Northwest and the dolphins, sea lions, and otters that make it their home. 
the shores of Lake Michigan. Under his leadership, Shedd established the Daniel P. Haerther Center for Conservation and Research. The center includes a portfolio of 18 
global field research programs that help us understand and protect threatened marine life. 
I thank Ted for all he has done to help us 
bring the amazing wildlife of Earth’s oceans to Chicago. He has helped introduce millions of Chicagoans and visitors to the incredible creatures living beneath the ocean’s waves. I am especially grateful for all he has done to protect marine animals around the world. 
FIRST RESPONDER IDENTIFICATION OF EMERGENCY NEEDS IN DISASTER SITUATIONS 
rise in support of H.R. 2795, the First Responders Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations (FRIENDS) Act, which was introduced by my friend Rep. SHEILA JACKSON  
LEEof Texas. That her bill is expected to be 
approved with overwhelming bipartisan support, including from Chairman MIKEMCCAULof 
the Homeland Security Committee, ought to surprise no one, because Rep. JACKSON LEE 
has worked tirelessly on behalf of America’s first responders to move this legislation through the House. Her legislation would launch a study of best practices and state of preparedness of state and local response agencies with the aim of improving safety and access to lifesaving resources. 
responders play in communities throughout our country. We must ensure that these men and women have the resources they need to perform their jobs safely and effectively. We’ve witnessed the courage of first responders, from the September 11 attacks to the Boston Marathon bombings and at last week’s deadly shooting in San Bernardino, California. We see it every day all over our nation. 
I’ve been incredibly proud to support first responders as CoChair of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus, and I want to thank Rep. SHEILA JACKSON LEEfor her work to 
bring the FRIENDS Act to the Floor. I also want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their support for this legislation in committee and in the full House. 
ask my Colleagues to join me in paying tribute to R. Kelly Bryant, Jr., a friend and constituent who passed away on December 6, 2015 at the blessed age of 98 years old. It is worth noting that his date of death was the 150th Anniversary of the Ratification of the 13th Amendment to the U. S. Constitution which legally abolished slavery in America. 
He graduated from Hampton University, with a concentration in accounting. Following graduation, Mr. Bryant worked for historic North 
Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company from the 1940’s until his retirement in 1981. His true passion, however, was documenting the history of African American citizens in the City and County of Durham. 
Community is boundless. He worked tirelessly in many endeavors, including obtaining a historic marker at the site of the Royal Ice Cream sitin in 1957, saving Geer Cemetery (one of Durham’s oldest African American burial grounds) and the completion of a pedestrian bridge over the Durham Freeway, in order to connect black neighborhoods that were separated by the highway. The bridge was later named in honor of R. Kelly Bryant, Jr. 
Durham’s African American history. He collected over 2,500 funeral programs, obituaries, and birth announcements. His archive is so valuable that the Durham County Library currently hosts the R. Kelly Bryant, Jr. Collection as an online exhibit. 
In addition to his work as the local historian, 
Kelly Bryant was a leader in his community, serving the Durham Business and Professional Chain for 49 years; charter member of the Durham Human Relations Commission, served 37 years as a scoutmaster, and was a member of the Durham chapter of the NAACP. One of his greatest passions was his membership and active participation with the Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge, 
Free and Accepted Masons of North Carolina and Jurisdictions, Inc. 
his life to historic White Rock Baptist Church (founded in 1866) in Durham, North Carolina. He was very spiritual in all of his endeavors and embraced the teachings of our Heavenly Father. He served as a Church Trustee for 55 long years. 
was recognized with many awards and honors, including certificate of acknowledgment and congratulations for his many activities from the North Carolina House of Representatives, NAACP ‘‘Freedom Fund Dinner Award’’, Silver Beaver Award from the Boy Scouts of America for ‘‘Distinguished Service to Boyhood’’, the first African American recipient of the Bartlett Durham Award, and an appointment as the honorary grand master of the Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons of North Carolina and Jurisdiction. 
Finally R. Kelly Bryant, Jr. is survived by his 
son, R. Kelly Bryant, III; his daughter, Sandra Artelia BryantYubwannie, of Durham, North Carolina; a sister Maggie Bryant (age 100) and five wonderful grandchildren, Keith Bryant, Korey Bryant, Mykel Bryant Moore, Yohanna Yubwannie and Raevin Bryant. Mr. Bryant was preceded in death by his spouse of 69 years, Artelia Melba Tennessee Bryant, who was his coworker at North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company and was the matriarch of their family. Mrs. Artelia Bryant was the descendant of the legendary Darden family of Wilson, North Carolina. 
Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to pay tribute to 
such an outstanding American legend. His legacy will live on for generations. EXTENDING BIRTHDAY WISHES TO 
today to join the people of Thailand in extending my warmest wishes to King Bhumibol Adulyadej on the occasion of his 88th birthday on December 5, 2015. During his nearly 70 year reign so far, King Bhumibol Adulyadej has remained a steadfast leader through his commitment to democracy, economic development, and Thai prosperity. 
to a strong and longlasting relationship between the United States and the Kingdom of Thailand. Having had the distinct honor of meeting with King Bhumibol, I have admired his efforts to bring peace, prosperity, and stability for the Thai people. 
It is my pleasure to join our Thai friends in 
recognizing this special day and wishing King Bhumibol Adulyadej a long life of good health and happy 88th birthday. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent on Thursday, December 10, 2015 as I was attending a funeral in my district. On Roll Call Vote Number 687, on the bill H.R. 3578, the DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015, had I been present I would have voted yea. 
On Roll Call Number 689, on H.R. 2795, the 
FRIENDS Act, had I been present I would have voted yea. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and congratulate Governor Terry Branstad for his service to Iowa. On December 14, he will break a 200 yearold record, set by Revolutionary War General and New York Governor, George Clinton, becoming the longestserving Governor in American history. 
Born and raised in a small town in rural 
Iowa, Governor Branstad’s roots in our state run deep. He has spent his life immersed in Iowa politics and elected office. His storied political career stretches back five decades. It began in 1973, when he was first elected to the Iowa House of Representatives. Governor Branstad served in the Iowa House until 1979, and then a single term as Lieutenant Governor before winning the gubernatorial election in 1982, at the age of 36. 
1980’s Farm Crisis. During this time, Governor Branstad worked to diversify Iowa’s economy. Today, Iowa’s economic strengths include agriculture, advanced manufacturing, renewable energy, technology, and financial services, among other things. By the time he left office in 1999, Iowa’s unemployment rate was at an impressive low of 2.2%. 
After leaving office, Governor Branstad entered the private sector, becoming President of the Des Moines University in 2003. In October 2009, displeased with the condition of the state, Governor Branstad felt called to serve once more. He won the 2010 election, and got to work balancing the state budget, lowering the unemployment rate, improving Iowa schools, increasing government transparency and accountability, and enhancing opportunities for Iowans. 
serving Iowans. He unapologetically promotes Iowa and he is a true leader—willing to make tough decisions and fighting for what he believes is best for our state. He is a man of integrity and keeps his promises to Iowans. Governor Branstad’s strong work ethic, down toearth demeanor, and accessibility are reasons Iowans admire him. Since he was first elected Governor of Iowa, he has visited all 99 counties in our state, every year, to hear directly from Iowans about their concerns. 
Mr. Speaker, Governor Branstad has dedicated his life to improving the lives of Iowans. It is with great honor I recognize him for reaching this historic milestone. I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Governor Branstad for this outstanding accomplishment and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEQUANNOCK ENGINE COMPANY NO. 1 
today to recognize the 100th Anniversary of Pequannock Engine Company No. 1 located in the Township of Pequannock, Morris County, New Jersey. 
On April 2, 1915 at the Mandeville Inn, the 
de facto town hall, a formal fire department was proposed. A few weeks later, 13 men had signed up to form the organization. Through chowder parties, card games, the issuance of $5 bonds culminating in a raffle where the first 
prize was a pig, the fire department had enough funds to purchase a barn to act as headquarters. Unfortunately this barn caught fire and destroyed much of the fire department’s equipment. The volunteers rebuilt the firehouse at its current location on Jackson Avenue. Since its rebuilding, Engine Company No. 1 has been serving the town without pause. 
to a call at the First Reformed Church of Pompton Plains, one of the oldest churches in the nation and one where George Washington prayed with his troops during the Revolutionary War. Even without fire hydrants and water mains, Engine Company No. 1 was able to save the stone walls of the church. In 1957, Engine Company No.1 spent a week fighting a fire at the factory complex of the Pequannock Hard Rubber Co. in Butler, NJ. The fire company has transformed into one that is equipped to handle a multitude of disasters. As the world has evolved, Engine Company No. 1 has kept pace. With Pequannock’s location in the flood plains, the engine company is well prepared for flood rescues and evacuations as well as heavy rescue situations. Firefighters are also trained to handle chemical and biohazard situations. 
Along with training programs geared towards our 21st Century world, Pequannock Engine Company No.1 has recently acquired a new 2015 Pierce Quint ladder truck and pumper to replace a 20yearold truck. This truck will provide much needed flexibility and will allow the engine company to better serve the needs of the town in times when there are a limited number of fire fighters available. Engine Company No. 1 has continued to rise to the occasion over the years, keeping up with the latest training and necessary equipment. 
been able to maintain a high standard with the help of the Pequannock residents. For its 100th Anniversary the engine company has planned a ‘‘wet down’’ for the new truck, and an open house for members of the public. 
recognizing the Pequannock Engine Company No. 1 and its firefighters for 100 years of dedicated service to the Township of Pequarmock. COMMENDING THE RADFORD HIGH 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to commend the Radford High School girls volleyball team, which recently captured the Virginia High School League 1A state title. The Bobcats rallied from behind for the win, sweeping the last three games in order to beat a valiant team from Auburn High School in Montgomery County by one game. 
Radford’s first volleyball state championship since it won the AA title in 1984. I applaud the hard work by all members of this year’s Radford High School girls volleyball team, and congratulate the administrators, teachers, coaches, parents, students, and fans. In particular, I would note the efforts of coach Robert Morris, who announced after the match that he is resigning with the completion of this season. Congratulations on a great end to this season. 
today in remembrance of Siddhi Savetsila, a great steward for the Thai people and a long time friend of the United States. I am deeply saddened to hear about his passing last week at the age of 96. I extend my condolences to his family and the Thai people. Thailand has lost an honorable public servant. 
His leadership as a Royal Thai Air Force officer, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Deputy Prime Minister, and member of King Bhumibol’s Privy Council was a testament to his commitment for the betterment of the Thai people. Moreover, the honor of his appointment to the Privy Council by the king highlighted the respect he has earned. 
On behalf of my wife Rhonda and me, and 
my colleagues who have had the privilege of knowing Councilor Savetsila, I extend my most sincere condolences to Councilor Siddhi’s family and the people of Thailand. May you find comfort during this difficult time. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, December 14, 2015. Committee Meetings 
bills, H.R. 4237–4245; and 2 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 101; and H. Res. 564 were introduced. 
of the Journal by voice vote.                 Pages H9274, H9297 
Unanimous consent agreement: Agreed by unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on the conference report to accompany H.R. 644 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20.
Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015: The House agreed to the conference report to 
accompany H.R. 644, to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, by a recorded vote of 256 ayes to 158 noes, Roll No. 693.
conference report to the committee of conference with instructions to the managers on the part of the House, by a yeaandnay vote of 172 yeas to 239 nays, Roll No. 692.
of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 644) and providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2250) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 174 noes, Roll No. 691, after the previous question was ordered by a yeaandnay vote of 236 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 
Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016: The House agreed to the Rogers (KY) motion to concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, by voice vote.
of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 644) and providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2250) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 174 noes, Roll No. 691, after the previous question was ordered by a yeaandnay vote of 236 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 690.
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, December 15th for Morning Hour debate.
Senate Referrals: S. 2308, S. 142, and S. 2393 were 
held at the desk. S. 993 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. S. 209 was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources and the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9285, H9286, H9296, H9296–97. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 2:22 p.m. 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1314 December 11, 2015 
morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nominations of Alissa M. Starzak, of New York, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army, John Conger, of Maryland, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense, Stephen P. Welby, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and Franklin R. Parker, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and vote on confirmation of the nominations at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1783 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1781 Capps, Lois, Calif., E1774 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1779 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1780 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1778 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E1777 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1780 Foster, Bill, Ill., E1780 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E1779, E1782, E1784 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E1775 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E1781, E1782, E1784 
Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E1783 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1773 Jeffries, Hakeem S., N.Y., E1777 Katko, John, N.Y., E1776 Keating, William R., Mass., E1774 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1782 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1777, E1783 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1773, E1776 Pitts, Joseph R., Pa., E1777 Price, David E., N.C., E1775 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1779 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E1783, E1784 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1774, E1776 
Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E1782 Scott, David, Ga., E1776 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1773 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1775, E1776 
Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1778 Wagner, Ann, Mo., E1778 Walker, Mark, N.C., E1782 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1775 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1774 Young, David, Iowa, E1777, E1778, E1778, E1778, E1779, 