24, the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide, runners and cyclists set out from Los Angeles on the Race for Recognition. I had the great pleasure of riding the first 28 miles of their journey with them. On May 7, they completed their 3,000mile ride across the United States. 
awareness of the Armenian genocide and genocides all around the world and to commemorate and remember the victims. It is my honor to read a portion of the petition that they carried with them across the Nation and to enter the entirety into the CONGRES SIONAL RECORD . 
genocide, LA2DC organizing committee members wish to recognize and honor the contributions of the following people and organization: 
standard in the world for philanthropy, social activism, human rights and prevention of crimes against humanity—in their first nationwide relief campaign from 1915 to 1930, Americans donated the equivalent of $2.7 billion to help save over 1 million Christian Armenians, Greeks, Assyrians, and other minorities during the first mass atrocity of the 20th century, when these minorities were targeted for extermination and deportation by the Ottoman Empire; 
the United States Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, alerted the United States Government and the rest of the world to the ‘‘destruction of the Armenian race’’; 
relief to 1 million refugees and 132,000 orphan survivors of the atrocities perpetrated by the Ottoman Empire; 
The American Red Cross, for providing relief to survivors of genocides and mass atrocities for the past 100 years, starting with its first international assistance program in 1915 that provided relief to survivors of the Armenian genocide; 
and enlightening more than 250,000 visitors per year since 1993 and challenging them to understand the Holocaust and genocides in both historic and contemporary contexts; 
‘‘genocide’’ to describe atrocities that target groups for annihilation, and for working tirelessly to gain approval of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide by the United Nations in 1948; 
Mr. Steven Spielberg, for collecting nearly 52,000 eyewitness testimonies of the Holocaust, the Armenian genocide, and other genocide survivors; 
Facing History and Ourselves, for educating over 10,000 teachers and, through them, hundreds of thousands of students on the history of prejudice and racism and the role they play in the events that lead to genocide; 
Cross and the United Nations’s Children’s Fund, for starting a vast relief operation in 1979 for the people of Cambodia, threatened by famine and disease in the aftermath of 
States Air Force Europe, for delivering humanitarian aid in 1995 and 1996 to the survivors of the Bosnian genocide, during which an estimate 100,000 Bosniaks were systematically targeted and killed; 
speech every day the U.S. Senate was in session in support of the ratification of Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. After 20 years and 3,211 speeches, the United States Senate ratified the convention on February 11, 1986; 
providing relief to Rwandan genocide survivors, when an estimated 800,000 mostly Tutsi minorities were massacred; 
using his public profile to raise awareness of the genocide in Darfur, where 300,000 civilians were targeted and murdered and 2 million displaced; 
groundbreaking book published in 2003, ‘‘A Problem from Hell,’’ which recounts the history of genocide and offers a framework for policymakers that can help detect and prevent genocides; 
America, for advocating for the recognition of the Armenian genocide and raising awareness of genocides as crimes against humanity. 
important message of truth and gratitude with them across our great Nation. It is an honor to do my small part to make sure they are heard. 
Genocide, LA2DC organizing committee members wish to recognize and honor the contributions of the following people and organizations: 
lives have been lost in genocides and mass atrocities; 
citizens, politicians, diplomats, faith based organizations, and nongovernment organizations have made it a part of their mission to raise awareness of genocides, help prevent genocides, and provide relief to survivors of genocides; 
diplomats, and politicians put their lives and treasure at risk by working in conflict zones to alert the world of impending genocides and genocides in progress, rescue genocide survivors, and provide relief. 
Genocide, and through this petition, LA2DC organizing committee members wish to recognize and honor the contributions of the following people and organizations for their work in raising awareness of genocides, providing relief to genocide survivors, and working to prevent genocides; 
The American People—for setting the standard in the world for philanthropy, social activism, human rights, justice, and prevention of crimes against humanity. In their first act of large scale, nationwide, organization and execution of a relief campaign, from 1915 to 1930, Americans donated more than $117 million—the equivalent of $2.7 billion in 2015 dollars—to relief organizations that saved over 1 million Christian Armenians, Greeks, Assyrians, and other minorities during the first mass atrocity of the 20th century, when these minorities were targeted for extermination and deportation by the Ottoman Empire. Over the past 100 years, Americans continue to be in the front lines of helping to prevent genocides, and providing relief and hope to survivors of atrocities. 
United States Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, alerted the United States government of ‘‘Destruction of the Armenian Rac e . . .’’ 
and called on Americans to get organized to help the survivors. 
as Near East Relief or NER)—for providing relief to 1 million refugees and 132,000 orphan survivors of the atrocities perpetrated by the Ottoman Empire from 1915–1923. During this period, NER raised the equivalent of $2.7 billion in 2015 dollars, and mobilized over 1,000 volunteers to help build 400 orphanages, food and clothing distribution centers, clinics and hospitals, and vocational training schools for the survivors. 
The American Red Cross—for providing relief to survivors of genocides and mass atrocities for the past 100 years, starting with its first international assistance program in 1915 that provided relief to the survivors of the Armenian Genocide. 
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum—for leading national and international efforts to promote human dignity, confront hatred, and prevent the next genocide. 
and enlightening more than 250,000 visitors per year since 1993, and challenging them to understand the Holocaust and genocides in both historic and contemporary contexts and confront all forms of prejudice and discrimination in our world today. 
‘‘genocide’’ to describe the atrocities that target groups for annihilation, and for working tirelessly to gain approval of Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide by United Nations in 1948. 
Foundation and its founder, Mr. Steven Spielberg—for painstakingly collecting nearly 52,000 eyewitness testimonies of the Holocaust, the Armenian Genocide, and other genocide survivors, and using their first hand accounts to teach the world about the horrors of genocides and the importance of preventing them. 
Facing History and Ourselves—for educating over ten thousand teachers in the United States and worldwide, and through them, hundreds of thousands of students, on the history of prejudice and racism, and the role they play in the events that lead to genocide. Since 1976, Facing History has been engaged in genocide prevention work by promoting global citizenship and heightened awareness of genocides. 
Cross and United Nations Children’s Fund for starting a vast relief operation in 1979 for the people of Cambodia threatened by famine and disease in the aftermath of the Cambodian Genocide, which claimed millions of lives. 
States Air Force Europe—for delivering humanitarian aid in 1995 and 1996 to the survivors of the Bosnian Genocide, during which an estimated 100,000 Bosniaks were systematically targeted and killed. 
through his commitment to deliver a speech every day the United States Senate was in session in support of the ratification of United Nations Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. After 20 years and 3,211 speeches, the United States Senate ratified the convention on February 11, 1986. 
Genocide Implementation Act of 1987 into law, making genocide a Federal offense, and declaring, ‘‘This legislation still represents a strong and clear statement by the United States that it will punish acts of genocide with the force of law and the righteousness of justice.’’ 
providing emergency supplies and restoring infrastructure following the 1994 genocide in Rwanda, where an estimated 800,000 mostly Tutsi minorities were massacred. 
Clooney, Don Cheadle, Matt Damon, Brad Pitt, David Pressman, and Jerry Weintraub for using their public profiles to bring attention to atrocities around the world, and raising awareness of the genocide in Darfur, where 300,000 civilians were targeted and murdered, and 2 million displaced. 
Prevention Task Force, and CoChairs Honorable Madeleine K. Albright and Honorable William S. Cohen—for developing a genocide prevention blueprint entitled, ‘‘Preventing Genocide: A Blueprint for U.S. Policymakers’’, which affirmed that genocides are preventable, and issued 34 specific actionable recommendations that United States can implement to help detect and prevent genocides. 
States Ambassador to the United Nations—for her groundbreaking research documented in her book published in 2003, ‘‘A Problem from Hell’’, which recounts the history of genocide and offers a framework for policy makers that can help detect and prevent genocides. 
leading voice in the United States Congress advocating for recognition of past genocides as an important step towards detecting and preventing future genocides and atrocities. 
The Armenian National Committee of America—for advocating for the recognition of the Armenian Genocides and raising awareness of genocides as crimes against humanity. 
Countless other Americans and organizations who have made it their mission to help prevent the next genocide and promote peaceful resolution of conflicts. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) for 5 minutes. 
today to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the incorporation of the town of Clinton in Hunterdon County, New Jersey. Established as a separate municipality in 1865, Clinton has a rich history and is known for its natural beauty and sense of community. 
town historian and longtime mayor, Allie McGaheran, has written, the area was settled on the convergence of two rivers, the Spruce Run and the south branch of the Raritan, surrounded by excellent farmland, attracting English and German settlers. One of those settlers, David McKenny, built two mills directly across the river from each other. 
These treasured mills—the first dating to 1810—now the Red Mill Museum Village and the Hunterdon Museum of Art, were owned by Daniel Hunt, the namesake of the town’s first moniker, Hunt’s Mill. These mills have been the center of Clinton’s economic and cultural life for two centuries. 
John Bray championed renaming the town after DeWitt Clinton, the builder of the Erie Canal and Governor of New York. 
A limestone quarry, located immediately behind the Red Mill, brought another wave of settlers, including Irish immigrants crossing the ocean to establish a better life for themselves and their families in the new world. 
handsome Victorian structure, was the residence of John Leigh, a brick maker and farmer who served as the town’s second mayor. The Lehigh Valley Railroad provided passenger and freight access, contributing greatly to the growth and wealth of the town in the 19th century. 
that is on the State and national historic registers. There are five historic sites: the two mills; the music hall that entertained generations of residents; the original Grandin Library, named for artist and philanthropist Elizabeth Grandin in the last century; and the quarry. 
being celebrated with parades, farmers’ markets, art displays, performances, and other community events. 
JonesHolt for her work as chair of the 150th anniversary committee. She and her husband, former mayor and current Hunterdon County Freeholder Matt Holt, do so very much for the town civically. 
of government, with a mayor and six council members. Mayor Janice Kovach and the governing body of the town are greatly involved in the yearlong festivities. Clinton is served by a dedicated volunteer fire company and rescue squad. Its beautiful and historic churches are an integral part of the community. 
District educates children through the eighth grade. High school students attend North Hunterdon High School in neighboring Clinton Township, one of our State’s strongest public elementary and secondary schools. My twin brother, Jim, and I are proud graduates of the high school. 
the history of Clinton for many generations. My great uncle was president of the local bank, and my father practiced law in the town for 70 years. 
Clinton,’’ Stephen Shoeman notes: ‘‘Everybody in Clinton smiles. Everybody is friendly. America is beautiful because of Clinton, New Jersey, and the other towns and villages just like it.’’ 
after the tricentennial of Hunterdon County, a yearlong retelling of Hunterdon County’s storied founding and its 300year journey in advancement from the English colonies in North America to its presentday status as one of America’s premier places to live and work. 
fabric of Hunterdon County. We have also just celebrated New Jersey’s 350th anniversary. 
worked to keep Clinton beautiful and the epitome of smalltown American life. Their efforts maintain a charming and vibrant merchant district, excellent public schools, meaningful cultural events, and significant engagement in public affairs. 
The town of Clinton thrives on neighborly camaraderie. I am deeply honored to represent the town here in the House of Representatives. And all who love Clinton congratulate the town on its landmark celebration. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. 
the near hysteria over trade promotion authority and the pending TransPacific Partnership, the socalled TPP, is unfortunate because it is so misguided. The stakes are too high to get it wrong, and the negative arguments are unfortunate because they are so wrong. 
be finished, is premature, at best. Being against the TPA is misguided because those provisions guarantee people will actually know the details and have stronger tools to evaluate whether it is worthy of support. 
America in the global economy has been front and center in Congress over 
the last few weeks, and well it should be. The United States has an opportunity to make further inroads in 95 percent of the markets that are outside our borders and to be able to gain that access under more favorable terms. 
to sell their products overseas run into much more difficult barriers, procedures, and costs than people who sell their goods to America, which has one of the most open markets in the world. 
narratives: those who are opposed to further competition for American goods in American markets, fearing a loss of business and jobs; and those who see significant opportunity selling goods and services abroad, creating more familywage jobs at home. 
are in business overwhelmingly support that access. They feel they have far more to gain than they have to lose, selling more wine, bicycles, agricultural products, and small tools. They think they can compete overseas, creating familywage jobs at home, if that playing field is level. 
There are others who are deeply concerned that this perceived leveling of the playing field will not be achieved. They are concerned about a lack of labor and environmental standards overseas. 
who are negotiating the agreements, having reviewed documents myself, and working to reflect Oregon values and interests, these agreements, I am confident, hold promise for Oregon. But it is too soon to tell for sure because the agreement is still being negotiated, and people like me are still trying to influence it to make it stronger still. For instance, I have provisions I am working on in both the House and the Senate to provide an enforcement mechanism. 
its final stages, where there are some of the more difficult concessions with decisions yet to be made, the United States and other countries are reluctant to show their full hand while things are in flux. 
That is why the trade promotion authority that is working its way through the Senate—and may be in front of the House early in June—is so important. 
significant enhancement over any similar provision in the past. It guarantees that the entire country—not just Congress—will be able to examine all of the provisions 2 months before the President even signs the agreement and for months after that, before Congress votes. The authority also sets out provisions that speak to the concerns I have heard about for years about the weaknesses in NAFTA, not having enforceable, strong provisions for environment and labor. 
That is why I thought it was important to vote to establish these rules 
and made more transparent as a result of the tremendous efforts on behalf of my friend and colleague from Oregon, Senator RONWYDEN , in the Senate. 
these new rules, we will have the strongest standards ever to evaluate a trade agreement, and everyone in America will be able to evaluate for themselves, not conjure up some sort of speculation. They will have months to do what I am going to do: see if this agreement is in the best interest of the people in Oregon who I represent. If it is, then they, like I, will support it. If it is not, then I will do, as I have sometimes done in the past, and vote ‘‘no’’ on things I don’t think measure up. 
sand ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ is after an agreement is reached, not before. And thanks to the new trade promotion authority, everyone will have an opportunity to make that judgment for themselves well in advance of any decision that Congress makes. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I remember a few years ago visiting Israel, standing in the Golan Heights and looking to the border of Syria. At this time, our guide began talking about the peaceful protests in Syria, the beginning of an era of discontent. 
As I looked into the seemingly peaceful area, I never imagined the carnage that was to come: children who on that day attended school, filled with hope for the future and with dreams of becoming a businessman, a policeman, an architect, or any of the host of things building in the minds of such a young person at that age; children and parents who did not know that in a few short years, their lives would be cut down by a ruthless dictator, bent on keeping power at all cost. 
strength, Bashar alAssad responded in violence. And so began what history will likely judge to be the start of among the most brutal times in Middle East modern history. 
bombs indiscriminately against innocent people and infamously gassed thousands who struggled to get that last breath of life, only to choke to death, completely aware that that breath would be their last. 
joined a group later dubbed the Free Syrian Army, a group the President referred to as a bunch of pharmacists, lawyers, and businessmen, all standing up to reclaim what was theirs rightfully, which was a free Syria. And they fight bravely for a free Syria today. 
war, a more nefarious group began to assemble, a group not concerned with human carnage but inspired by it; a 
group not fighting to protect life but fighting to cut it down; and a group not inspired by freedom of religion but inspired by a hollow and a shallow world view. The group today is now known as ISIS. 
any attention, this group occupied not just parts of Syria, but also Fallujah, an area fought with American blood and treasure to bring peace and stability to the people of Iraq. The border of Syria and Iraq was torn down, and the world continued to sleep. 
I called for America to lead airstrikes against this fledgling group at that time numbering in the low four figures. The reaction I received was not unexpected: people angry that I was interested in starting ‘‘Iraq War III.’’ Yet as this cancer continued to grow, the carnage became worse, and today we find ourselves engaged in limited action against a group growing in numbers faster than they are being dispatched by our airplanes. 
areas that our brave military members fought so hard to win was being thrown away to political expedience, and I am one of those people. I spent a little bit of time in Iraq, on behalf of the United States Air Force, flying airplanes, and I just saw a week ago or a few days ago that Ramadi, the capital of Anbar province, where we saw so much success in the Sunni awakening, has fallen to ISIS. 
serve as a transportation center for getting goods from Jordan and Syria into Baghdad and are resupply routes for ISIS. So we are seeing not overmuch success in Iraq. But lest we think this fight is limited to just Iraq, all we have to do is look all over the world and all over the Middle East and see ISIS’ influence, from folks arrested near my district in the United States attempting to join and support ISIS, to the problems we see in Lebanon and in Saudi Arabia, and as we see ISIS grow 
and develop in Libya. This is something that, Mr. Speaker, the President has got to get a control on and reassert American leadership. 
groups, these jihadist groups, are coming under the umbrella of ISIS, whether it is al Shabaab, Boko Haram, or al Qaeda in Yemen, or we see the Taliban beginning to join under this supposedly successful group. 
What is it we need to do to push them 
back? In Iraq, I believe we need to use the number of troops and the amount of military force necessary to destroy ISIS and not just necessary to follow the President’s promise of no troops on the ground. I don’t think we need another 200,000 troops in Iraq, and I haven’t heard a single person actually ever suggest that, but we need to use what is necessary to push this back. 
fierce and desperate to do what needs to be done, and they are ready to do 
what the American people and the President calls on. 
Syria; and you can not destroy ISIS in Syria without destroying the incubator of ISIS, who is the evil dictator, Bashar al Assad. There are negotiations in progress now, but until the Syrian people know that the American people stand behind them through a nofly zone and other means, ISIS will not be destroyed in Syria until that point. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for the President to stand up. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for 5 minutes. 
when our Nation is currently over $18 trillion in debt, we must carefully scrutinize our government programs to ensure that we are funding essential programs, policies, and projects while eliminating frivolous and wasteful spending. 
hear of government waste, fraud, abuse, and regulations that are hindering our small businesses and costing American taxpayers billions of dollars that could be better spent in creating jobs and boosting our economy. 
Fleece Award to once again uncover and bring public attention to the wasteful spending across our Federal Government. The Golden Fleece Award will highlight some of the most egregious examples of government waste of hardworking taxpayers’ dollars and will shed new light on some of the rampant, unnecessary spending by our Federal agencies. 
Fleece Award was pioneered by the Democratic U.S. Senator from Wisconsin, Bill Proxmire, in March 1975. For the next 13 years, Senator Proxmire went on to issue bulletins announcing a monthly Golden Fleece Award. The Golden Fleece Award became a staple in the U.S. Senate during this time. Senator Robert Byrd once stated that the awards were ‘‘as much a part of the Senate as quorum calls and filibusters.’’ 
Award will once again serve as an important reminder that taxpayers need to watch, control, and provide the necessary reforms, through this Congress, about Federal spending and regulations. 
Internet to provide a unique platform for my constituents to share with me examples that they spot, that they see, of waste of our Federal Government resources by using, #goldenfleeceoversight on Twitter, or emailing me at goldenfleece@mail.house.gov. I have 
users to submit their recommendations for future Golden Fleece Awards at hill.house.gov/goldenfleece. 
Americans are crying out for accountability from our leaders, and I look forward to working with them and my colleagues to spot waste and find ways to effectively eliminate that kind of spending and regulatory overreach in Washington. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the great Mahalia Jackson was a gospel singer. The great singer and civil rights activist Mahalia Jackson, once proclaimed by Harry Belafonte to be the most powerful woman in America, the great Mahalia Jackson gave us some words to live by, some words that can add meaning to life. She, in one of her songs, indicated that, and I shall paraphrase, if I can help somebody as I travel along, then my living shall not be in vain. Live not in vain; help somebody—that is the essence of the message that she presented. 
who are in harm’s way and who are suffering. The people of Nepal have had two earthquakes visited upon them: one a 7.8 magnitude, the other a 7.3 magnitude. These two earthquakes have done great damage. More than 8,000 people are dead. I am looking at the statistical information: more than 16,000 injured, 8 million persons affected, nearly 500,000 homes destroyed, another 200,000plus damaged. They are still in harm’s way, but there is something we can do. We can do unto others as we would have them do to us if we had suffered a similar tragedy. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a great opportunity for us to do something to help without actually expending a lot of American dollars, although we have spent quite a bit. I am proud to say that the United States has accorded approximately $40 million to this effort—$40 million. It will take a lot more, but the United States is involved in doing its part. We have had our rescue teams there; and one of our rescue teams, unfortunately, suffered some tragedy. One of our military helicopters went down. We have lost lives there. People have been there living not in vain, trying to do what they can to be of assistance, doing unto others as we would have them do for us under similar circumstances. 
One of the things that we can do is 
sign on to a bill that will allow those persons who are in this country from Nepal, who are here lawfully, to stay in this country for an extended period of time while their country is recovering. H.R. 2033 affords Nepalese who are in the United States of America to stay for a while longer. They will not have their status in the country change. They won’t become persons on a pathway to citizenship. They will simply have more time here. We will not send them back in harm’s way. We will do unto them what we would have them do unto us if we were in a similar circumstance. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill has many persons who are supporting it. More than 50 persons have supported this piece of legislation. I am proud to say that some of the persons who have supported it are persons who have great Nepalese communities, and there are others who do not. They just want to be of help. 
I did not mention when I mentioned names previously, or I did not state them correctly. This is a chance for me to correct the RECORD : Congressman 
Congressman M ARK DESAULNIER , Congressman R AU´LGRIJALVA , Congressman L UIS GUTIE´RREZ , Congressman 
RANGEL , Congressman C EDRIC RICHMOND , Congresswoman L ORETTA SANCHEZ, and Congresswoman L INDA 
SA´NCHEZ —all persons who are supportive, along with many others, nearly 50. 
I am proud to say that the community in Houston, the Nepalese community has come together, and they have a goal of raising $100,000. They have exceeded that goal, under the leadership of Mr. Ghimirey and Mr. Nepal. They have exceeded the goal of $100,000, and they are still raising additional funds. 
us to live not in vain. I think this is a great opportunity to do unto others as we would have them do unto us. I ask that we support H.R. 2033 and live not in vain. Help somebody as we travel along our way. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Avenue Church of Christ, Bowling Green, Kentucky, offered the following prayer: 
from whom we receive our unalienable rights, we give You our thanks for this day and for all the bountiful blessings You have poured out upon this great land, this country, and these peoples. 
We pray these blessings will continue through Your grace. 
to serve wherein is found greatness. We pray for those assembled here today as they deliberate in this august body. We pray Your guiding hand be upon them. 
with courage to do the right as You have revealed the right. 
being done in this place is not just an exercise in debate but will affect millions of people. 
Help us, Father, to preserve our heritage of freedom for future generations. 
This we pray on this 20th day of May 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ) come forward and lead the 
Ms. KUSTER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to welcome Mr. Michael Greene to Washington. Mike is serving today as guest chaplain in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
prayed for all of us serving this great institution and the work we do each and every day. I have been fortunate to know Mike as my minister in Bowling Green, Kentucky, and have always appreciated his prayers. 
Throughout his 44 years as a minister, Mike has served Churches of Christ in Kentucky, Tennessee, and Georgia. He also serves on the board of directors of Foundation Christian Academy in Bowling Green. 
Kentucky here in Washington. Today, I am proud to welcome you, Mike, to the U.S. Capitol. Thank you for your prayers and for taking the time to be with us in our Nation’s Capitol today. 
today to congratulate the city of Newport, Rhode Island, in my district, on hosting, this month, the Volvo Ocean Race, the world’s premier sailing race around the world. 
This 12day event brought 125,000 visitors to Rhode Island, far exceeding even the most optimistic projections, as well as millions of dollars in economic activity that supported Rhode Island’s tourism industry and our smallbusiness community. Most importantly, the success of this event offered an opportunity to tell our story about the great things that are happening in Rhode Island today. 
make the only North American stopover for this year’s Volvo Ocean Race such an incredible success, including Sail Newport, Rhode Island’s Public Sailing Center, Discover Newport, the Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management, the Newport Chamber of Commerce, Senate President Teresa PaivaWeed, Speaker Mattiello, members of the general assembly, and Governor Gina Raimondo. 
to bring this race to Rhode Island and his ongoing efforts to enhance our State’s position in the maritime industry. 
today to recognize Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his courageous actions during World War II. Sergeant Dietz hailed from Kingston, New York, a proud and historical city in New York’s 19th Congressional District. 
squad on an attack of a heavily fortified German position. Under heavy machine gun fire, Sergeant Dietz advanced forward, clearing enemy obstacles, providing a path for the men of his squad and platoon. This selfless act enabled the success of this attack; but in the process, Sergeant Dietz lost his life. With strong local support, we submitted a bill to rename the post office in Kingston for Sergeant Dietz. Yesterday that bill passed in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. I thank Chairman CHAFFETZ , his committee, and the entire New York delegation for their strong support; and I look forward to its passage in the full House soon. 
Mr. Speaker, as we approach Memorial Day weekend, we pause to remember Sergeant Dietz and all those men and women who lost their lives in defense of our freedoms. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today I, along with many of my colleagues—both women and men, Republicans and Democrats—wear red to pressure Nigerian Presidentelect Muhammadu Buhari into taking aggressive action against Boko Haram. 
new President and celebrates Democracy Day, we here in Congress want to put a spotlight on the immense threat Boko Haram poses to Nigeria’s democracy and freedom. 
Buhari to know we will hold him accountable, just as we held his predecessor accountable. We urge this new administration to bring with it a swift and lasting change in attitude on this issue. We hope the new President will have a sense of urgency in finding the Chibok schoolgirls and defeating Boko Haram. 
President to find the girls, whether they have been married off against their will or not, are alive or in a mass grave. Wherever they are, we want to know. 
Until they are found, we will continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls; tweet, tweet, tweet #joinrepwilson. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to talk about the 21st Century Cures Act. This is legislation that we, at the Energy and Commerce Committee, are working on in a bipartisan basis, and we look forward to moving it to the House floor and seeing this passed and signed into law. Why are we doing it? Because we want to put the focus on cures, real cures that will enable people to live better lives. 
Let’s take just one disease, Alzheimer’s. There are 5 million Americans that currently have Alzheimer’s. The cost to the Nation is $215 billion a year. When you look out several decades to 2050, the cost is estimated to be 
diseases that need that attention. Take autism, diabetes, ALS, cancer, the list moves on. 
support young scientists, to put the focus on our most challenging health conditions, and we want the regulatory agencies to be there to encourage this effort, and I encourage support for the 21st Century Cures Act. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise to underscore the importance of increasing access to higher education, including crucial workforce development programs that help our students gain the hightech skills they need to succeed in our 21st century economy. 
have some of the very best community colleges in the country, and I am proud to have visited every single community college in my district. 
institution, the New Hampshire Technical Institute, the community college in our capital of Concord, which was just ranked number one in the country for value added by the Brookings Institution. That means that NHTI students are meeting and surpassing expected outcomes after graduation, and many of them are going on to extremely successful careers. 
this type of opportunity, and I am pushing for a number of initiatives that will help business partners join with community colleges to provide specific job training. Let’s all join together to make sure that students across the country can access the kind of valueadded programs offered at NHTI. And together, we can move forward so that every American can realize the American Dream. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, one of my top priorities is standing up for our servicemen and women. That is why I am proud to reintroduce the Help Veterans Save for Health Care Act, because right now the IRS makes a veteran choose between receiving VA care or continuing to fund their health savings account. That is wrong. My bill fixes that. 
In addition to this bill, today Congress will recognize America’s fighter aces with its highest honor—the Congressional Gold Medal. Last year, Congress passed this resolution honoring these patriots who are simply the best of the best. 
We are the land of the free because of 
all our troops and veterans who have put their lives on the line for us, and I salute them today as we remember their sacrifices on this Memorial Day. 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
take this occasion to thank David Letterman for 33 years of latenight television and giving his genius to America. I want to thank him on behalf of my friend Warren Zevon for being the best friend his music ever had, and for helping so many other musicians get an opportunity to play for America; as a Memphian who attended the Andy KaufmanJerry Lawler match, for Dave giving Andy Kaufman the opportunity to give his zany sense of humor to America, and so many other comedians that he gave a forum to. 
but he should have been in the Steve Allen Theater, Ed’s rival, because he was more like Steve Allen, the first latenight host. The ‘‘Man on the Street’’ interview with Steve Allen was like ‘‘Stupid Pet Tricks.’’ 
Dave Letterman was a genius. Tonight I will be watching his last show— we all will—the 6,028th. We will all watch it. 
We thank you for all you have given us. 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
in honor of Montana veterans and all the men and women who have fallen in defense of our great Nation. 
I would like to recognize one in particular, Private 1st Class Nicholas Cook, from Hungry Horse, Montana, who was killed in action in Afghanistan. He bravely sacrificed himself to save his fellow paratroopers by exposing his position, providing suppressive fire. His valor earned him the Silver Star. 
be forgotten. Today I would like to also recognize the following Montana veterans for their service to our Nation: 
James Diqhans, Carl Nordberg, Kenneth and Christopher Bogner, George Lacher, Charles Pickard, Michael Kallas, James and Gary Jacobson, Benjamin Balducke, Nicholas Cook, Williard Purkett, James and John Hantz, Robert Emrick, Dennis Morkert, and Edward Kinney. 
bless the troops that defend her. CELEBRATING THE 50TH 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Head Start program. 
heart. I began my career as a Head Start teacher in the Chicago public schools. I have never forgotten how the program made a monumental difference for its students, and this Congress should not forget those kids either. 
served 32 million children in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. territories. Last year, in my home State of Illinois, there were 130 early Head Start and Head Start providers providing quality teachers. 
Head Start accounted for more than 7,950 jobs in Illinois last year. Yet sequestration cuts have done serious damage to the programs in Illinois and around the Nation. In my State alone, more than $16.5 million in funding has been cut, 1,900 children went unserved, and 549 jobs were lost. 
keep young children in need from getting an education. We should celebrate the 50th anniversary by fully funding Head Start and eliminating the sequester because every child in our country deserves a quality education and a good start. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, this week, an internal report from the Department of Veterans Affairs revealed that the Department annually spends $6 billion on illegal contracts and outofcontrol spending. This fraud is unacceptable, an insult to the men and women who have risked their lives in service to our country. Unfortunately, this lack of accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs is all too common under President Obama’s failed leadership. 
and I will continue working to give our veterans the treatment they have earned as promoted by Veterans’ Affairs Chairman JEFFMILLER of Florida. 
Congress has worked to promote change at the VA. For example, this week, we passed the Ensuring VA Accountability Act, sponsored by Congressman RYAN COSTELLO . This bipartisan effort clearly demonstrates meaningful reforms for our veterans and military families. 
to his commitment to end delays and denial of services to our veterans. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say that this week marks the 50year anniversary of the Head Start program, a momentous achievement in our Nation’s fight to break the cycle of poverty and open the windows of opportunity for lowincome families and children. 
Now, I don’t want to date myself, actually, but I was in the first class of Head Start, and today I bring with me my original certificate of completion from that program. I am proud to say that, if it were not for Head Start, I wouldn’t be here today. You see, as the daughter of poor immigrants from Mexico, not many people would think I would graduate from high school, let alone college, or get my MBA and eventually make my way to the House of Representatives. 
children, and, more importantly, it has helped families know how to navigate the school system. My hat is off to the teachers, to the community volunteers, to the healthcare coordinators, and to so many who helped to implement Head Start programs in their communities. Your work is transforming our Nation. It is giving that head start to our children because they are the future of this Nation. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Third District constituent Captain Dustin Lukasiewicz of Alma, Nebraska. He and five fellow marines were killed in a helicopter crash last week while providing humanitarian aid to earthquake victims in Nepal. 
Captain Lukasiewicz made the ultimate sacrifice while trying to assist victims no one else could reach. His service reflects the goodness of America, accepting the call to help those who need it most. 
mother yesterday, she told me how her son called to wish her a happy Mother’s Day just days before the crash. His attention to loved ones is a reflection of his life of service and devoting himself to the care of others. Mr. Speaker, please join me in praying for the captain’s mother, father, wife, daughter, unborn child, and all others who lost loved ones in this terrible tragedy. As Memorial Day approaches, we must make it our priority to honor and remember our military heroes, and Captain Lukasiewicz is certainly one of our heroes. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
of the House, as Congresswoman SCHAKOWSKY and Congresswoman S ANCHEZ  
just pointed out their involvement in Head Start, I want you to know I directed a 19unit Head Start program up in north central Minnesota in my youth, and so I am proud to join them in celebrating this 50th anniversary that served over 32 million children, because I was able to see firsthand how this impacted children’s lives. And what a testimonial it is to see one of the first participants go on to become a Member of the United States Congress and running for the United States Senate. 
our national commitment to every child, regardless of their circumstances at birth, to have an opportunity to succeed in life, developing that wonderful spark for learning that sets kids up for success. 
So once again, hats off to the educators, to the directors, to the faculty, and to the parents, all those who have made this program such a wonderful, great success for children all across America. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
thousands of families who open their homes to foster children. It takes a special kind of caregiver to foster a child, someone who can drop everything on a moment’s notice and, without hesitation, bring a child into their home. 
15,000 children in foster care. That means we have thousands of amazing families with hearts big enough to provide love and care for children who need a place to call home. 
an irreplaceable part of the family. Indeed, the most telling statistic is that in Pennsylvania 65 percent of families end up adopting their foster children. We need families willing to open their hearts and homes unconditionally to children who have been abused and removed from their homes. This is what so many dedicated foster families are able to provide. 
Care Month, I would like to celebrate the resiliency of foster children who overcome great obstacles at such a young age and recognize the dedicated foster families who support them. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today I stand here to recognize May as National Foster Care Month. More than 40,000 of our Nation’s youth are currently living in the child welfare system. More than 23,000 youth age out of the foster care system when they turn 18, putting them at risk for homelessness, criminal exposure, and mental illness. These statistics paint a grim picture. 
young woman who aged out of the foster care system, Kamille Tynes, a success story. Kamille spent 5 years in the Michigan foster care system. Her experience fostered a tireless advocacy for foster care and resources that our children need. She has been given awards and recognized for her amazing leadership, such as the foster care Outstanding Young Leaders Award. She is now creating her own consulting firm to address those needs. She is a graduate of the University of Michigan. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I ask my colleagues to please continue to understand the importance of recognizing and funding our foster care program. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate May as National Foster Care Month and welcome many of the foster care youth who are visiting the House of Representatives today. 
the Many Faces of Foster Care.’’ The goal of this special month is to celebrate the experiences of the more than 400,000 youth in the child welfare system and raise awareness about their needs. 
has and always will hold a special place in my heart. When I was 11 years old, my family welcomed a foster care child, Bob, into our home. Bob, throughout the years, has taught me so much and will be my brother for life. 
Today I have the honor of being shadowed for the day by Nyeelah Innis of Newnan, Georgia. Nyeelah has been in foster care for 8 years, with her first foster care setting starting when she was 10 years old. Mr. Speaker, in just 
me with her positive attitude and eagerness to learn about the legislative branch of our Federal Government. I know for certain that this young lady has a very bright future ahead, like so many other youth whom we will see through the Halls of Congress today. 
(Ms. BASS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
colleagues today in celebration of 63 foster youth and 63 bipartisan Members of Congress who are participating in the fourth annual Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth Shadow Day experience. 
The goal of this event is to give foster youth the opportunity to share their unique experience with Members of Congress, as well as gain intimate insight into the legislative process. 
glass tower, far removed from the people and places that our laws affect. Shadow Day was created to address this very issue, empowering foster youth from across the country to come to our Nation’s Capital and share their stories, while giving Members of Congress the opportunity to learn from the very young people whose lives we genuinely want to improve. 
beautiful young woman from my hometown of Los Angeles. Briana became an open case of the department of child and family services at the age of 15 due to abuse by her father. Multiple placements, neglect, and instability defined her foster care experience. 
in accounting at Dillard University in New Orleans, Briana strives to voice the real concerns of foster youth and give strength to her foster peers by moving towards change. Briana’s ultimate goal is to become a foster care advocate, encouraging other youth like her to stand up for themselves in the child welfare system. 
Briana’s experience and listening to her legislative recommendations. Thank you, Briana, for your resiliency and your commitment to reforming the child welfare system. 
foster youth here on the Hill, I invite my colleagues to join the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth. 
today to recognize May as National Foster Care Month. 
estimated 400,000 children in foster care. Sixtyfive percent of foster children experience at least seven school changes while in care. Fifty percent of former foster and probation youth become homeless within the first 18 months of emancipation. 
She is from Pennsylvania, and we are exchanging some great ideas about foster care. 
and permanent home. Please become a foster care parent. My wife and I are foster care parents and associated with working with children throughout my life. We have provided so much for them, but equally important, they have provided so much for us. 
today to applaud several Nebraska schools for their nationally recognized roles in protecting the environment. 
‘‘Babe’’ Gomez Heritage Elementary School and the Wilson Focus School— along with the Lincoln School District, have been named 2015 Green Ribbon Schools by the U.S. Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan. 
their promising efforts to reduce negative environmental impact, ensure environmental education, promote better health, and cut utility costs. 
these schools are ‘‘an inspiration and deserve the spotlight for embodying strong examples of innovative learning and civic engagement.’’ 
It is clear that the honorees are powerful examples of the ways in which schools can help students cut school costs, provide healthy learning environments, and prepare for the real world ahead. 
to honor my good and late friend, Senator Ron Raikes from Ashland, Nebraska, who with me developed the legislation for the focus schools in Nebraska. He has been and is sorely missed. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to advocate on behalf of a cause near and dear to my heart, fixing our mental health system. 
As some of you may know, I have a 
family member with a mental illness. This has allowed me to witness firsthand where our system fails those with a mental illness and to see where the opportunities are for improvement. 
change to New Hampshire’s mental health system, I joined my colleague, 
hosting a mental health summit with local advocates, healthcare providers, and New Hampshire lawmakers. 
fight to reform and strengthen our mental health system. It is with their feedback, perspective, and opinion that myself, Representative KUSTER , and 
my colleagues in Congress can devise bipartisan solutions to fix this very important issue. 
Together, we can bring about real bipartisan change for individuals and families affected by mental illness. We need to change this to a patientcentered and metricsdriven environment to ensure that Granite State patients and their families are provided with the necessary care, support, and resources they deserve. 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
American and Pacific Islanders’ achievements in art, technology, business, and education serve as a reminder that our Nation’s success is built upon the foundation of diversity. 
district, which is home to the largest AAPI community in Nevada. The Las Vegas Asian Chamber of Commerce facilitated the reinvigoration of our economy after the 2008 crash. 
Road is home to one of the country’s most popular Chinese New Year celebrations. There is a thriving Filipino district along Maryland Parkway. Dozens of Thai, Japanese, Korean, and Vietnamese shops, restaurants, markets, and festivals enrich our society and strengthen our economy. 
Month, let us acknowledge the value immigrants bring to our lives and recognize how much we all stand to gain from enacting comprehensive immigration reform that honors our country’s legacy as the land of opportunity. 
myriad contributions of immigrants; we thrive and flourish because of them. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
we present a Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian honor bestowed by Congress, to recognize the distinguished service of the American Fighter Aces. 
One of the Fighter Aces being honored is Colonel Arthur Jeffrey, who was credited with shooting down 14 enemy aircraft during World War II. Colonel 
Dday. In December 1944, he was awarded the Silver Star for his ‘‘courage, combat skills, and gallant leadership’’ while thwarting an enemy mission. 
commander of the 434th Fighter Squadron. His service was recognized at the time with the Distinguished Flying Cross, with one oakleaf cluster, and the Air Medal, with 16 oakleaf clusters. 
April in Yakima, Washington, at the age of 95, regrettably before this honor was bestowed. 
Please join me in honoring the memory of Colonel Arthur Jeffrey, a remarkable American, for his outstanding service defending our Nation. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
week marks the 50th anniversary of Head Start, a wonderful success story that empowered 32 million children in America. 
Start today stands in grave peril due to the misplaced priorities of the Republican budget which cuts $759 billion from nondefense discretionary funds and will result in 35,000 fewer children participating in Head Start. 
the future by investing in early childhood education and enacting universal prekindergarten. Democrats strongly support President Obama’s initiative to fully fund Head Start and expand the Early Head StartChildcare Partnerships. Research shows that high quality early education is a great investment in a child’s life and our Nation’s future. 
Mr. Speaker, our children are our future. As Head Starters across the country plant rose bushes this week to commemorate President Johnson’s Rose Garden launching of Head Start, this Congress must reject the misplaced priorities of the Republican budget and embrace a brighter future for our children. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
am here today to pay tribute to our veterans and to the men and women of our Armed Forces who wake up every day, put on our Nation’s uniform, and don’t know if they are going to be home that evening safely with their families. 
Last weekend, volunteers came together in Port O’Connor, Texas, to honor more than 900 veterans and current members of the Armed Forces for the ninth annual Warriors Weekend. Warriors Weekend brings together 
military members who have been wounded during combat in the global war on terror—and not just those who are wounded physically, but also those with invisible scars, like PTSD and depression. 
and former military members are still in recovery and physical rehabilitation, but the weekend event gives them the chance to build a support network and have a great time enjoying the Texas outdoors. 
part by veterans who served during Vietnam. They knew all too well how it felt to return home from war and be looked down on. They wanted to make sure every member of the military is welcomed home properly, and they knew that our wounded veterans oftentimes have needs that are overlooked. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, the House voted yesterday to approve a 2month extension of the highway trust fund. I am pleased we were able to pass a short term fix, but it is time to stop kicking the can down the road. 
60 days to come up with a longterm plan to invest in our Nation’s transportation infrastructure, a plan that will create jobs, strengthen American competitiveness, and lay the groundwork for future economic growth. 
I asked the Joint Economic Committee staff to analyze the costs of U.S. underinvestment in infrastructure, and this map tells an important part of the story. 
bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete. That is scary, and it is a matter of public safety. Americans are taking tens of millions of trips every day over bridges that are in need of repair. 
As you can see on the map, in some 
States, over onethird of the bridges are failing. Here in the Nation’s Capital, 70 percent of our bridges are failing. We should fix our crumbling infrastructure as a matter of public safety and as a matter of national pride. 
can download the map and the raw data behind it from the JEC, jec.senate.gov. 
I urge my colleagues to support infrastructure. It is time to move beyond a 2month extension and, instead, work on a longterm solution to this critical and important and economic development challenge. NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
we celebrate National Foster Care Month, first recognized by President Ronald Reagan in 1988, I would like to thank the dedicated foster families, social workers, and service providers for their commitment to help children. 
May is also a time to shed light on 
the plight of nearly 400,000 children and youth who are currently in our country’s foster care system, and we call for safe and nurturing environments for these vulnerable members of our society. 
and foster parents an opportunity to make a lasting difference in the lives of these children, I will be introducing bipartisan, bicameral legislation that would help ensure that more children have the opportunity to be raised in a loving and supportive home that they can call their own. 
Act would ensure that prejudices plays no part in adoption and foster care placements. A parent’s ability to care for a child should not be determined by any parent’s sexual orientation or gender identity, but by their love. 
OF H.R. 2262, SPURRING PRIVATE AEROSPACE COMPETITIVENESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 880, AMERICAN RESEARCH AND COMPETITIVENESS ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 22, 2015, THROUGH MAY 29, 2015 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 273 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the fiveminute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11417. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No 
amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
the legislative day of May 21, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
may, at any time before 5 p.m. on Wednesday, May 27, 2015, file privileged reports to accompany measures making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 
period from May 22, 2015, through May 29, 2015— 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for two bills—H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act of 2015, and H.R. 880, the American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015. House Resolution 273 provides for a structured rule for the consideration of H.R. 2262 and a closed rule for the consideration of H.R. 880. 
debate, equally divided between the chair and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for H.R. 2262, and 1 hour of debate, equally divided between the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means, for H.R. 880. 
consideration of seven amendments to H.R. 2262, and it provides for a motion to recommit for each bill. In addition, the rule provides for the normal recess authorities to allow the chair to manage pro forma sessions; it provides for the Committee on Appropriations to have the opportunity to file reports during the district work period; and it provides for suspension authority for Thursday to provide flexibility on the last day prior to the district work period. 
investments in science and technological innovation. On the floor this week, we have debated and passed several pieces of legislation to encourage the research and development of new technologies and ideas, moving our economy and our country forward and cementing our place in the world as the leader in scientific discovery. 
they require will promote and create hightech, highpaying jobs that can have untold benefits to our economy, benefiting all Americans. The rule and the underlying legislation we have 
under consideration today continues that objective, and I look forward to discussing these critical issues with our colleagues here in the House. 
H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act of 2015, is a 
package of four bills that will update the Commercial Space Launch Act. H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act, as introduced by the majority leader, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY), will facilitate a progrowth environment for the commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and by creating a more stable and predictable regulatory environment. 
H.R. 1508, the Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act, introduced by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ), will promote the development 
of a United States commercial space resource exploration and utilization industry, and it will increase the exploration and utilization of resources in outer space. 
Sensing Act, introduced by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. BRIDENSTINE ), will facilitate the continued development of the commercial remote sensing industry and protect our national security. 
Commerce Act, proposed by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ), will rename the Office of 
Space Commercialization to the Office of Space Commerce, and it will seek to foster the conditions for the economic and technological growth of the United States space commerce industry. 
American leadership in space by fostering a strong and vibrant commercial space industry. Without this legislation, the commercial space industry may face a myriad of regulatory hurdles that would threaten America’s continued exceptionalism in space exploration. 
H.R. 880, addresses the research and development tax credit. In 1981, President Reagan signed into law a critical research and development tax credit, but Washington has let it expire and then has renewed it over a dozen times since then. 
tax credits, Mr. Speaker, the R&D tax credit was included in the package of retroactive bills and extenders that was signed by the President on December 19 of last year, providing just 7 business days of certainty for businesses seeking to utilize this provision of our Tax Code. It, along with all of the others that expired again on December 31 of last year, currently remain expired. The temporary nature of the now expired research credit limits its effectiveness, which prevents some businesses from having certainty on 
means more innovation, greater economic growth, and more American 
jobs. In 2012, American companies invested $302 billion in research and development. As of 2011, 1.47 million Americans worked directly in research and development. Increased certainty, combined with the simplification of our Tax Code, would lead to more research and more American jobs. 
Investment in research and development is the key to America remaining the world’s leader in innovation. The percentage of patents awarded by the U.S. Patent Office has increased each year, but the share awarded to U.S. innovators has declined. In the year 2000, 54 percent of the patents awarded were of American origin. By 2014, the number fell to 48 percent. From 2001 to 2011, America’s share of global research and development declined from 37 percent to just 30 percent. 
By making the research credit permanent, researchers can stop worrying about whether Congress is going to extend the tax credit and can, instead, focus on new discoveries that will help fuel our economy and grow jobs. 
with our House colleagues, and I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation. 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. 
Before I proceed, I did not speak during the 1 minutes, and I want to also take cognizance of this being the 50th anniversary of Head Start and, additionally, this month of May as being Foster Care Month. Like many Members, I have a young person who has a more than compelling story about foster care—Ke’Onda Johnson from Royal Palm, Florida—who is shadowing me today, and I am delighted that she and other youngsters have this opportunity. 
the consideration of H.R. 880, the American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015, and H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act of 2015—two separate bills, wholly unrelated in content and purpose. 
it is critical that I take a moment to highlight the manner in which we are debating this rule today. The deliberation of multiple, unrelated bills under a single rule is a disturbing trend that has ballooned under Republican leadership and is one that threatens the very foundation of the democratic process. Forcing several pieces of legislation into a single rule not only prevents Members of this Chamber from making informed judgments about the proper floor procedure for each measure, but it also leads to disjointed and often perplexing debates about an assortment of unconnected issues. b1300 
Votes on the House floor should reflect where Members stand on the specific questions at issue, not on a set of complex and unrelated procedures, some of which they support and others which they oppose. 
considered H. Res. 271, a rule providing for consideration of three measures: the Highway and Transportation Funding Act, the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, and the America COMPETES Reauthorization bill. 
from surface transportation projects, to funding for the legislative branch, to the prioritization of science research development. Such debate erodes the integrity of House proceedings by creating confusing alternations in subject matter that eliminate the ability to reinforce a line of reasoning or respond to opposing arguments. 
The grabbag approach has skyrocketed since Republicans assumed control of the House in 2011, with a record 49 grabbag rules reported out during the 113th Congress. Even more disheartening, we are on schedule to shatter this record during the 114th Congress, having already approved an unconscionable 14 of these rules in less than 5 months. 
In fairness, the chairman of the Committee on Rules did say, in response to one of my colleagues and myself the day before, that this practice is not likely to continue at its present pace, and I await the opportunity for him to fulfill his view with reference to that matter. 
today for consideration of yet another grabbag rule governing two bills of significant importance that, as a result of this rule, will undoubtedly escape the due consideration each deserves. 
Competitiveness Act of 2015, would make permanent a tax credit for qualified research expenses that expired at the end of last year. It is my strong belief that Democrats and Republicans, alike, support a tax credit that will help facilitate innovation and foster advancements in research, enabling American companies to grow and prosper. Technological innovation stemming from research and development serves as an important engine to our Nation’s economic growth. 
My opposition to this piece of legislation, therefore, comes in first part from my Republican colleagues’ decision to make this tax credit permanent in what I view as a fiscally irresponsible way. 
have long touted themselves as the party of fiscal responsibility. For this reason, I find it a bit insincere that they now seek to implement a tax credit with no offsets for lost revenue. As a result, the Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that this bill would add almost $182 billion to the deficit over the next 10 years. I have stated time and time again that we cannot 
continue to provide tax cuts and credits without a mechanism to pay for them. It is comical to me that my Republican friends claim to be the party of fiscal responsibility while they, in the same breath, advocate a measure that would add nearly $200 billion to the Federal deficit. 
In addition to this legislation’s reckless budgetary impact, I disagree with the piecemeal approach the majority 
has taken in making these tax credits permanent. More than 50 tax provisions expired at the end of last year, many of them critical to the middle and working class and, yes, poor families. And yet, instead of addressing the issues facing our Tax Code in a comprehensive, bipartisan way, the majority has decided to leave certain tax credits— ones that would directly improve the lives of hardworking American families, such as the work opportunity tax credit, the new markets tax credit, and renewable energy tax credit—to an uncertain fate. 
am sure that they deserve, a Tax Code that supports our shared priorities. Cherrypicking tax credits to extend, and then allowing those credits to dramatically increase the deficit, is, in my view, a step in the wrong direction. It is an unacceptable step away from bipartisan, comprehensive tax reform. 
likely do as well, that the research tax credit is critical for American innovation. That is why I am truly disappointed, although not surprised, that my Republican friends have again chosen to place partisan politicking above the needs of our constituents. 
This rule also provides for consideration of the SPACE Act of 2015, another piece of once bipartisan legislation that has been distorted into an unrecognizable measure that panders to industry giants without regard for the safety of the American public or of spaceflight passengers. 
hovers over the objectives of this legislation, we must address the reality of what this bill seeks to accomplish. First, this bill reads like a laundry list of commercial space launch industry requests, exempting it from needed safety regulations and providing essentially complete immunity for civil lawsuits by removing claims related to commercial space launches from State court and mandating that they be heard in Federal Court, where few appropriate legal remedies exist. In practice, this measure will immunize commercial space companies from legal liability, even in cases of recklessness or intentional misconduct. 
Also troubling, this bill provides tremendous subsidies for insurance coverage—and that is kind of interesting— to protect wealthy recreational spacecraft passengers. Why on earth, and there is no pun intended here, are we spending taxpayer dollars on individuals wealthy enough to travel into space for sport? 
issues these bills seek to address are important, the partisan way in which they have been presented prevents a robust deliberation, and I therefore oppose both the rule and the underlying bills. 
like to respond to some of the comments of the gentleman from Florida and remind him that each bill will be separately debated and that, obviously, this combined rule is a floor time management technique that the chairman of the Committee on Rules yesterday said was an aberration. I take him at his word; and I think it is important to note that, during Democratic majorities, this was certainly not an unheard of practice, either. 
I do want to make sure that I reiterate that every bill will be separately debated; and I would remind the gentleman that, during the time we have to debate the rule, if we actually stick to the topics related to the bills and the rules, it will help us manage our floor time even better. 
have heard from across the aisle this morning, I remember my first 2 years, my first term here, and not one time was I allowed to even file a single amendment to a single bill here. All the rules were closed, and it was run like a king would run a kingdom, not a democratic republic. Here, today, I think the other side has already filed seven amendments on one of these bills. That is seven times more than I ever got to dream about filing when you ran this place. 
you actually get to read it before we pass it. We have done all our bills like that since we have taken control. You actually get to read the bills before they are passed. When you all were in the majority, we had to pass them before you read them. I think you remember the famous quote. 
You refer to this as a grab bag. The 
only grab bag I see here is the litany of totally unrelated subjects rattled off, as if they somehow related to this bill. I mean, that doesn’t pass the straight face test. 
Now to the bill. I would like to thank 
hard work on the SPACE Act. The SPACE Act will help ensure American leadership in space, facilitating the growth and stability of the commercial space industry. This is an important, historic, and exciting piece of legislation. 
This legislation includes many important provisions to update our laws and the oversight of the commercial 
space industry, including title 2 of the Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act—historic, bipartisan, bicameral legislation introduced with my colleague from the State of Washington, DEREK KILMER . 
I appreciate the support H.R. 1508, incorporated herein, has received from many members of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the thorough work and research of Senators PATTY MURRAY and M ARCO RUBIO, 
who introduced identical legislation in the United States Senate. 
The SPACE Act also includes a provision which would streamline regulations and encourage cooperation between government agencies’ commercial space activities to eliminate red tape and bureaucracy that are impeding development of America’s commercial space industry. 
The Federal Aviation Administration, the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other agencies are all involved in overseeing many commercial space launches, and sometimes there are duplicative measures that could be streamlined, cutting costs to both the Federal Government and commercial companies and making the United States companies more competitive in the global marketplace. 
provision requiring the FAA to provide direction for space support vehicles, also known as experimental aircraft. Unfortunately, for too long, the FAA has held off providing direction by means of a regulatory framework for these endeavors to safely support the United States commercial space endeavors. In Florida, there is such an entity, approved by NASA and operating out of the Kennedy Space Center, 
which the FAA grounded because they use experimental aircraft. This is a testament that FAA needs serious reform and needs to be brought into the 21st century. 
piece of legislation to the future of our commercial space industry, and it is important to our space exploration efforts as well. 
work on the SPACE Act and urge all Members to support the rule today and passage of this important legislation. 
direct their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members in the second person. 
3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN), 
who is the ranking member on the Committee on Ways and Means and a good friend of mine. 
(Mr. LEVIN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
support for the R&D credit. Democrats have a long track record of supporting 
the R&D tax credit. Indeed, I have often been the author of legislation to strengthen it. 
about fiscal responsibility, about taking one tax provision and making it permanent without paying one dime for it. 
When former Chairman Camp unveiled a tax reform proposal last year, 
he undertook a comprehensive consideration of the more than 50 tax provisions that expired at the end of last year, but in a fiscally responsible manner. 
continues a helterskelter approach toward tax extenders, without any regard whatsoever for paying the hundreds of billions of dollars they cost to make them permanent. 
Last year, Ways and Means Republicans passed 14 permanent extensions at a cost of $825 billion. They went nowhere because the President has made clear his opposition to this approach. 
has reached $586.3 billion. It is particularly glaring that the majority is passing unpaidfor tax cuts the very same week that they once again put off a longterm extension of highway funding because they are unable to find a revenue stream. 
R&D credit among us Democrats. It is the approach Republicans are taking that we oppose and strongly so. It is fiscally irresponsible indeed, and it would leave behind vital provisions that help hardworking American families, like the expansion of the earned income tax credit, the child tax credit, and the American opportunity tax credit. 
We stand ready to work with the majority on tax reform and on a long term extension of highway funding. Today’s R&D bill is tax reform in reverse. It makes talk of fiscal responsibility hypocrisy and creates another big financial pothole standing in the way of longterm highway funding. 
‘‘no’’ on the bill relating to R&D tax credits. 
steadfastly against not only the way in which we have been conducting business with regard to the way we report out rules, but also to both underlying bills for their partisan posturing and failure to address the important issues facing the middle class in this country. 
credits without establishing a revenue offset, enact tax policies that favor a partisan agenda and push us further away from needed comprehensive tax reform, or offer legislative gifts to industry giants at the expense of the American public. 
Monday. If we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment 
to the rule to bring up Representative BROWNLEY ’s Help Hire Our Heroes Act, 
H.R. 607 would reauthorize the Veterans Retraining Assistance Program, which expired in March 2014. That program paid for veterans to get training for highdemand occupations, and during its 3 years in existence, it helped more than 76,000 veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question; vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bills. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I appreciate the remarks of the gentleman from Florida, but I would like to respond to a few of the comments. 
The R&D tax credit has been overwhelmingly supported for the last 16 extensions, the last time garnering 378 votes. Only 46 Members voted against the R&D tax credit. 
again. In fact, the gentleman from Michigan admitted, Mr. Speaker, that the vast majority of Democrats will vote to extend the R&D tax credit. In fact, they will do it every year for the next 10 years, like they have the last few years. When it is done every year, they don’t insist it is paid for. 
If you will do it for 10 years in a row 
without paying for it—the entire budget window—why don’t we just all create some certainty for our businesses so we can invest in hightech jobs and growing our economy, Mr. Speaker? 
Let’s create certainty for the American people. Let’s pass the bill. Let’s pass the rule. Let’s pass the previous question. 
I think, unfortunately, the arguments from the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Speaker, really encourage cliff politics—highstakes, expiring legislation that the American people don’t want. The American people want us to create certainty. They want us to support jobs. They want us to support our technological innovation in this country, Mr. Speaker. 
I would urge my colleagues to support the rule and support the underlying bills, Mr. Speaker. 
the Rule on H.R. 2262, the Spurring Private Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015 (the SPACE Act of 2015). And I thank Majority Leader MCCARTHY for 
sponsoring this important legislation. The space community is well served having Leader MCCARTHY as a champion. 
This bill is the product of over three years 
of work. Congress solicited input from nearly every stakeholder group. That is reflected in 
grassroots citizen advocacy groups, this bill has been praised by virtually every interested party. 
and exhaustive. The Science, Space, and Technology Committee held numerous hearings on the topic over the last three years. 
a hearing on the commercial space industry. On February 14, 2014, the Committee held a hearing on updates to the Commercial Space 
Launch Act. On April 29, 2014, the Committee held a hearing on the Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA) space traffic management proposal and orbital debris. On February 27, 2015, the Committee held a hearing on the Commercial Crew program. 
to the minority. Within the last two months, the majority and minority have worked to write many of the provisions in the underlying bill. 
Consensus Standards, is the result of bipartisan negotiations. The same can be said for Section 102, which calls for an update to the maximum probable loss calculation under indemnification. 
Section 103, which pertains to Launch Vehicle Flexibility, is identical to the bipartisan provision sponsored by Senators HEINRICH and 
RUBIO that easily passed the Senate Commerce Committee last year by voice vote. 
Astronauts and is almost identical to the provision requested by the FAA and NASA. 
Section 108 on Orbital Traffic Management. Section 109 on State Commercial Spaceports also addressed bipartisan requests. 
Section 111 on the Streamlining of Commercial Space Launch Activities is similar to language already in the Senate’s bill, and Section 112 was the result of an amendment in Committee that earned bipartisan support. 
Title 2 of the bill focuses on Space Resource Exploration and Utilization. As a standalone bill, it was the subject of a hearing last September and it is cosponsored by both Republicans and Democrats. It even has a Democratic champion on the Senate side, Senator MURRAY . 
Title 3 of the bill addresses Commercial Remote Sensing and also benefits from bipartisan cosponsorship. When it was marked up in Committee last week, it enjoyed unanimous support. The same can be said of Title 4 of the bill that pertains to the Office of Space Commerce. 
amendments to the provisions we are considering today were adopted—three of which were amendments offered by Democrats. 
The Rule before us today allows for consideration of five Democratic amendments and two Republican amendments. The majority has gone out of its way to include the minority in this process. 
In fact, the Administration said in a statement that it, ‘‘does not oppose House passage of the bill’’—a rarity for bills considered under a Rule. 
for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment, creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and improving safety. The Act ensures American leadership in 
space and fosters the development of advanced technologies. I urge my colleagues to support this Rule as well as the underlying bill, and I thank the Majority Leader once again for his initiative on this legislation. 
speak on the rule for H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act of 2015. 
Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution states that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries . . .’’ 
It does not say that the Congress shall have 
The United States space program has existed for over half a century and my commitment to providing NASA with the resources to carry the agency forward with its ambitious agenda of research, exploration, and discovery is unwavering. 
what is possible, keeping our Nation on the forefront of innovation and exploration. 
ensure that the future of space exploration remains a part of our national destiny. 
It inspires our children to look to the stars 
and dream of what they too, one day, may achieve. 
order by the Rules Committee are intended to improve the Space Act. 
My amendments are simple and will improve the bill. 
would facilitate the participation of HBCU, Hispanic Serving Institutions, National Indian institutions, in fellowships, workstudy and employment opportunities in the emerging commercial space industry. 
among underrepresented groups in STEM employment and education opportunities in the commercial space industry. 
by underrepresented populations in the STEM field is a lack of awareness and understanding of the connection between STEM and employment opportunities. 
In 2012, a survey found that despite the nation’s growing demand for more workers in science, technology, engineering, and math, the skills gap among the largest ethnic and racial minorities groups remains stubbornly wide. 
Blacks and Latinos account for only 7 percent, of the STEM workforce despite representing 28 percent of the U.S. population. 
provisions of the bill that address future legislation also lay the foundation for the commercial space industry include work on how to effectively conduct outreach to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and minorities. 
That is why I support entrepreneurial development programs, including the Small Business Development Center and Women’s Business Center programs. 
These initiatives provide counseling in a variety of critical areas, including business plan development, finance, and marketing. 
owned businesses in the United States, representing a significant aspect of our economy. 
According to the most recent available Census data, minority owned businesses employ nearly 6 million Americans and generate $1 trillion dollars in economic output. 
20% between 2002 and 2007, and currently total close to 8 million. 
of the Johnson Space Center, is also home to more than 60,000 women owned businesses, and more than 60,000 African American owned businesses. 
Final Jackson Lee Amendment Seeks Funding To Continue Space Exploration R&D 
The taxpayer has invested in space exploration for decades. 
in the Rule would have provided revenue for research and development work to continue on challenges that hinder manned and unmanned space flight. 
space industry have few resources to dedicate to basic research. 
must be done to make space flight as safe as commercial transportation systems are today. 
100 percent without risk, it is much safer than it would have been without dedicated and focused basic and applied research to address safety issues. 
While the government supports the aspirations of companies large and small to become part of the commercial space industry, it should still be the responsibility of NASA to pursue research that can save lives and improve space travel. 
If the future we envision is one where thousands of businesses will benefit from commercial and government space exploration and investment efforts then investing today in tomorrow’s economy makes good sense. 
Although I believe the Jackson Lee Amendments will improve the Bill, there exist troubling aspects of the bill: 
will restrict the ‘‘learning period’’ of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulation of spacecraft. 
a shorter period than the tenyear extension through 2025 included in the bill. 
standard would provide a strategy that improves the overall safety of the industry as opposed to performancebased regulations. 
U.S. companies to move forward with innovative space initiatives without authority to ensure continuing supervision of these initiatives as delineated in the Outer Space Treaty. 
Thus, I hope we can all work together in addressing these troubling aspects of the bill. 
I ask my colleagues to vote for the Jackson 
AN AMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 273 O FFERED BY  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 241, nays 183, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Mexico, TAKAI, and RUSH changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated against: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall vote 250, I was not present because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
of Pennsylvania was allowed to speak out of order.) 
Speaker, on Tuesday, May 12, we had a horrific train derailment crash in the city of Philadelphia. So first off, our thoughts and prayers are with the eight men and women who lost their lives and the over 200 who were injured. 
men and women who live and work in the city of Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love and sisterly affection. We had this major catastrophe at 9:15 at night. Within 4 minutes, our first responders—our police, our fire, Police Commissioner Ramsey, Fire Commissioner Sawyer—were on the scene. 
we had volunteers from the neighborhood who even joined in. Imagine, total darkness. The only light was flashlights flashing back and forth. 
I stand here as proud as I could be of 
the mayor of the city of Philadelphia, Michael Nutter, who, from Tuesday until Sunday, was on that scene constantly, orchestrating the administration people, moving them around, consoling families, making sure that all were accounted for, and even making sure that their belongings were given back to them. 
and our universities. Universities opened their doors for loved ones to come. And our hospitals, the doctors, nurses, all the men and women who worked there—there were doctors who worked 30 hours and went back home and couldn’t sleep and came back to work another 12 hours. 
really struck me. Temple University Hospital in the city of Philadelphia had a lot of the injured people admitted to their hospital. The students who go to Temple University heard about it, jumped on their bicycles, and rode 
down to assist all those in the hospital, whether it be by pushing a gurney or whether it would be consoling a family member or putting a family member with a loved one. 
out—again, in total darkness. There were 200 peopleplus injured. Neighbors ran through, helping out through all the soot, picking them up, pulling them out of the trains, bringing them into their house, bringing out water, going to a local store and buying water, bringing towels, wiping them down. 
I am sorry I am in your home. I am full of 
soot, and I am dirtying your rug and your couch. 
and we can buy more things, more whatever we need to buy. But you can’t buy your health back. So we want to be here to be able to help you in the best way we can. 
with my colleagues from Pennsylvania and some others from throughout the country. Some lost a loved one. 
me and toured the site with me. I appreciate their concern, and I appreciate them being there. 
honor these men and women is to make sure this accident never again happens in the United States of America. 
With that, I ask for a moment of silence. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 240, noes 185, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn 
Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone 
Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
pursuant to House Resolution 273, I call up the bill (H.R. 880) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make permanent the research credit, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia). Pursuant to House 
Resolution 273, the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, modified by the amendment printed in part B of House Report 114–127, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
38, the research credit determined under this section for the taxable year shall be an amount equal to the sum of— 
research expenses for the taxable year as exceeds 50 percent of the average qualified research expenses for the 3 taxable years preceding the taxable year for which the credit is being determined, 
RESEARCH EXPENDITURES IN ANY OF 3 PRE CEDING TAXABLE YEARS .—In any case in 
payment’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any amount paid in cash during such taxable year by a corporation to any qualified organization for basic research but only if— 
agreement between such corporation and such qualified organization, and 
by striking ‘‘and gross receipts’’ and inserting ‘‘and basic research payments’’. 
BASE PERIOD RESEARCH EX PENSES ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘ AVER AGE QUALIFIED RESEARCH EXPENSES ’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R YAN) and 
the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) each will control 30 minutes. 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 880, the American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
have had the research and development tax credit in law since 1981. It has periodic expirations in it. Every time the law expires, we renew the law. Why? Because we think this is a good policy, and on a bipartisan basis our votes have always reflected that. 
specifically 1 year at a time, it does not do very well in giving businesses the time to plan and the ability to consider longterm investments. They need certainty. One of the problems plaguing this economy is the lack of certainty. So what this bill does is it makes it permanent. This is something that we think ought to be a permanent feature of our Tax Code. 
you are going to hear is, well, this has to be paid for. I want people to understand what that means when people say that. They are saying that to keep taxes where they are, we need to go raise them on other people. To put it another way, the minority is telling us they want a permanent extension of tax credits from the stimulus bill which was temporary, but they are saying if we make permanent provisions that have bipartisan support that are extended on an annual basis, if we make them permanent, all of a sudden we have to go raise taxes on some other hardworking Americans just to keep these taxes in place. 
think it jibes with reality. More importantly, we think it is very important, to help unleash job creation, to keep research and development jobs in America, that we make the research and development tax credit permanent. 
I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 880 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
at this time, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), the author of H.R. 880 and a 
Ways and Means Committee member, manage and control the remaining time for the majority. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
clarifying one thing. My friend from Wisconsin talked about what it means when you say ‘‘paid for.’’ What it means when you say ‘‘paid for’’ is you pay for the bill. There is a certain cost associated with any legislation that we do, and if we don’t pay for it, then it is added on to our deficits. So when we raise concerns about whether or not this tax bill or any other bill that comes to the floor for debate is paid for, the concerns that we are raising are in direct correlation to the fact that it needs to be paid for, not it needs to be added to the deficit or it needs to be added to our national debt. 
There is no debate on the issue of the 
merits of the R&D credit. A majority of my Democratic colleagues and I, too, believe in and support the R&D credit. It has proven to facilitate advancements in new technologies, sparked new innovations, and creates goodpaying jobs for hardworking Americans, and it benefits hardworking American families. And it is critical to helping U.S. companies innovate and compete in a global marketplace. 
approach by which this is being done. As I said, it is unpaid for, and it is outside of tax reform. 
the Ways and Means Committee, Chairman Camp, unveiled a tax reform proposal that made the R&D credit permanent; but the cost of the provision was paid for. He did it responsibly. It was responsibly offset. This bill, like all the other individual tax bills we have considered thus far this year, does not pay for any of them; it does just the opposite. It continues a helterskelter approach toward tax extenders without any regard for paying the hundreds of billions of dollars it costs to make them permanent. Moreover, it poisons the bipartisan process that is going to be critical if we are, in fact, going to get tax reform done. 
doing today shows the misplaced priorities of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Not only did they recently vote to raise taxes and cut programs for millions of hardworking American families in their budget resolution, they are also leaving behind important provisions to help them, like the expansion of the earned income tax credit, the child tax credit, and the American opportunity tax credit. 
the wealthy, cost doesn’t seem to be a problem. Yet programs vital to the wellbeing of hardworking families and communities are significantly cut or done away with. 
we can’t even pass a longterm transportation bill, which is, by far, more 
important to our national security, our economic growth, and our competitiveness. The reason we can’t pass it is because the majority is unable to find a way to pay for it. 
Yet here we are taking up a bill that 
costs $181 billion. Add that to the other unpaidfor tax cut bills that this body has already passed this year, and we will have added $586 billion to the deficit. That is almost half a trillion dollars. That is over half a trillion dollars. 
And what do we have to show for it? 
The President has already said that he is going to veto this bill, so what is the point? Why are we wasting the time and expense of debating this? It is going to be vetoed anyway. 
together to pass legislation that is vital to every congressional district’s longterm transportation bill and comprehensive tax reform. 
with the majority on these important things. Today’s bill just takes us further away from that goal. Therefore, I ask that we vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill and make sure we vote for America. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
When it comes to research and development initiatives, America is rapidly falling behind our global competitors. Unless the U.S. remains the world’s leading innovator, our economy will suffer while middle class families and talented college graduates will see jobs and opportunities lost to foreign countries. Making permanent the tax incentive for companies to invest in research and development right here in the 
United States will ensure lifesaving technologies, stateoftheart computer systems, and breakthroughs in manufacturing products. 
R&D incentives, the U.S. has now dropped to—get this—27th among our global competitors. America’s share of global research and development, while it is still big, has dropped from 39 percent, before the turn of this new century, to 31 percent. 
So look at China. By contrast, China’s R&D spending has increased fourfold. It is poised to surpass that of America by 2022. 
U.S. innovators. It makes the Federal budget scorekeeping far more honest, and it removes the asterisk from this temporary provision so that progrowth tax reform can advance. 
This year, we have added a new provision that will allow eligible small businesses to count the credit against the AMT, the alternative minimum tax. This is an important provision to enable America’s newest innovators to develop even more cuttingedge, marketdominating technologies. 
important tax incentive with my friend JOHN LARSON , a Democrat from Connecticut. The House passed this provision with a strong bipartisan vote last year. 
there are millions of Americans still looking for fulltime work and millions more middle class families whose paychecks have been stagnant for years. If we want a permanently strong economy, we need a permanent research and development tax credit. 
with innovation in America or stand with China and other countries with the R&D being shipped to the rest of the world. I say we stand with America, our innovators, our college graduates, and our businesses. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ), 
former chair of the committee and a strong proponent of responsible tax policy. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I was listening to the eloquent words of my friend from Texas about the importance of research and development, and I can’t think of any member on our committee that could not agree with him more. 
about how important it was to our great Nation, I was even thinking about our trade bill if this is packaged in such a way that we would have our workforce with the backup of research and development, a trade bill that would include in it educational possibilities for the workforce, that would have infrastructure there and would have America knowing that we just weren’t talking about success of the corporations, but for success of America. 
continuity—so that our businesspeople would know exactly what they could depend on. I just can’t, for the life of me, see how they will know which part of the Tax Code or which week that we intend to bring up knowing it is going to be vetoed, if really in our hearts what we want is continuity. There is only one way to get continuity, and that is to review the Tax Code, to reform the Tax Code. 
If you take out all of the gems just to 
get a ‘‘no’’ vote against it politically, you are really harming bipartisanship. That is what we need; that is what the Tax Code needs; that is what our country needs, a Tax Code that eliminates all of the loopholes, and concentrate on those things our country needs. 
Of course, if politics is more important than policy, if all we are trying to do is play ‘‘I gotcha,’’ if all we want to say is we love research and development, but we know darn well politically it is not going to pass, if we are going to say that we all want reform, but now that we have both Houses Republican—House and the Senate—but we dare not talk about tax reform, 
well, I don’t think we want to play this political game. 
to agree with the majority—research and development is what keeps America competitive. It should not be played with. It should not be politicalized. It should be a part of the tax reform bill. 
If you can’t do it when you have control of the Finance Committee in the Senate and refuse to do it when you are in charge of the Ways and Means Committee and have a President that is calling out for overall comprehensive fairness and equity and tax reform, it is painful to see how the eloquence of love for this country can be distorted by having votes on legislation that we know is never to become law. 
I say, as I take my seat, I am not giving up on tax reform. I hope that the Republicans come together and have a meaningful bill not for our committee, but for our conscience. 
this bill. The question is clear: Why is the President standing for those who would ship jobs overseas? Why isn’t he standing with Republicans and Democrats in Congress in this House to keep those jobs in research here in America? 
new member of the Ways and Means Committee, who understands research and development in the Triangle of North Carolina. 
plays a crucial role in the continued economic growth of our Nation, spurring innovation and supporting high skilled, highpaying jobs. 
growth in my district. Because of the breakthrough technologies coming out of Research Triangle Park, North Carolina has become a leader in American innovation. 
seen how important the R&D credit has been to our Nation’s innovative companies, like Biogen, Cisco, GSK, SAS, UTC, and Siemens, amongst a host of others. I urge my colleagues to support such companies and their employees and the families of those employees by making this important credit permanent. 
number of foreign countries are increasing innovation and advancing manufacturing by providing generous 
and permanent R&D tax credits along with lower corporate tax rates. 
the U.S. ranks 22nd in research incentives among industrialized countries. We owe our innovators better, and in order to remain a leader in the increasingly global economy, we must continue to support and incentivize research and innovation here in the United States. 
Passage of this bill will provide companies and researchers with the certainty and support they need to keep America and my district and North Carolina in the forefront of global innovation and send a strong message that we stand behind the groundbreaking research being conducted by our Nation’s innovators. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
President is standing with those of us who support the R&D credit, but he wants it done responsibly. He wants it paid for, and he wants it part of tax reform. Just like all of us, we support the R&D credit. We want it paid for, and we want it part of tax reform. 
standing with China, I find somewhat an ironic statement made by my friend from Texas, given the fact that China already holds so much of the U.S. debt. All this does is empower them more, give them more of our debt. 
one type of innovation in which these Republicans are truly unexcelled— there is no competition. And that is the innovation in names, in naming these bills. 
Flat Earth Society by slashing funding for earth science that is strongly opposed by geophysicists and one academic after another. What do they call it? The ‘‘America COMPETES Act.’’ 
borrow almost $200 billion from anyone who will lend it to us to give mostly to the largest corporations, largely for doing research that they would be doing, even if they weren’t rewarded. And they call that the ‘‘American Research and Competitiveness Act.’’ Now, that is true innovation. They don’t need a credit; they ought to get a prize for being contortionists when it comes to labeling these measures. 
This particular bill just digs us deeper and deeper into debt, while adding very little to our research capability. That is truly unfortunate, since America’s future competitiveness is in jeopardy. And that is outlined this very day in ‘‘Innovation Lies on Weak Foundation,’’ a New York Times economic column. 
As Eduardo Porter notes, ‘‘Investment in research and development has flatlined over the last several years as a share of the economy . . . other countries are now leaving the United States behind . . . government budgets for basic research, the biggest source of financing for scientific inquiry . . . fell in 2013 to substantially below its level 10 years earlier.’’ 
significant cuts to research, including hundreds fewer research grants that the President sought at both the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation. I think we need more than another Ice Bucket Challenge to fund research for cures for cancer and diabetes, ALS, AIDS, and the like. We need the resources to tackle problems that are touching every family in this country. 
is being made permanent without reform has required American taxpayers to subsidize the development of electronic cigarettes and other products to addict our children to nicotine, instead of using those dollars to fight those dreaded diseases to which nicotine contributes. 
Corporate research generally is focused more and more on the next quarter’s reports to Wall Street to which excessive corporate compensation is tied, instead of focusing on basic research. Porter concludes in the same article that this particular bill is ‘‘unlikely to help much.’’ And he notes the conclusion of the Congressional Research Service, an objective source, that this regularly renewed credit ‘‘delivered, at most, a modest stimulus to domestic business R&D investment from 2000–2010.’’ 
Mr. DOGGETT. I support a permanent research and development credit to incentivize more research. The question is: How do we pay for it, and how do we ensure that it actually encourages more jobs, leads to more research and more economic development, instead of just giving a reward to those who are already doing something in this area to advance their product? 
Nothing, of course, prevents multinationals from taking the credit and then putting the patent or the copyright in some foreign tax haven and avoiding paying their American taxes, another reform that is necessary. 
favor of a strong research credit that actually incentivizes necessary research here in America and which is paid for, in part, by comprehensive reform of this very credit. Surely, we don’t need any more research today to know that today’s bills are the wrong way to go for America. 
am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), 
one of our leaders of the Ways and Means Committee, who understands you can’t keep making excuses about bringing R&D to America; you have to act. 
the gentleman for his leadership on this legislation and on the Ways and Means Committee. 
has long been a place where an idea that is thought up in a garage or in the backyard can become the next revolution in manufacturing or the next lifesaving technology. We need a Tax Code that promotes 
innovation, that promotes entrepreneurship, that promotes growth. We need a Tax Code that allows the inventors and the dreamers with a good idea to be able to go out there and succeed. 
comes at a very critical time. Modernizing and making the research and development tax credit permanent will ensure that the United States remains competitive in the global marketplace. 
been renewed 16 times, but when you renew a credit for 1 year, for 2 years, or you make it retroactive, that doesn’t work very well for some companies that are allocating their capital for 5 or 10 years on the horizon that want to invest in research and development. 
medical device companies. Research and development is their lifeblood, and these manufacturers use research and development to invent new devices, new techniques, new procedures. These companies are also a very essential component to our economy in Minnesota and also around the United States. 
number one destination to create and grow a business. Making the research and development credit permanent will provide our Nation’s innovators that incentive and that certainty that they need to develop the next big idea and help America win the future. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), a distinguished member of 
our Ways and Means Committee, from a district filled with innovators, all of whom would benefit from doing this policy the right way. 
gentleman from Texas, who is managing the bill for our Republican friends, and I was struck for a moment when he talked about the disadvantage visavis China, how—in a few years— we are going to slip behind China in R&D development. 
thousands of jobs that could be made available if we were able to redouble our efforts in research and development and the concerns about the overall slippage of the United States into the middle of the pack when it comes to research. 
moment, I thought he was talking about the United States infrastructure because we don’t have to wait for 3 or 4 or 5 years to slip behind China; we are already being overshown by their efforts. We are investing less than 2 percent of our gross domestic product in infrastructure; the Chinese are investing 8 percent or more. 
The United States once had the finest infrastructure in the world—not anymore. Those international ratings that my good friend from Texas talked 
infrastructure. We have dropped from 1st to 5th to 16th to 27th. 
my Republican friends is about our falling behind while America falls apart. 
is out the research and development credit. I hope we do it the right way, but we will do it. 
months since the Republicans took control of the House of Representatives is we have not had a single hearing on how we are going to finance our crumbling infrastructure—not one. In the meantime, we are told that this is off the table, that the gas tax is off the table. We are going to do some smoke and mirrors or something. We just passed the 33rd shortterm extension of the surface transportation bill. 
to even consider the gas tax that Ronald Reagan championed—in fact, urged and Congress more than doubled under his watch—in the last 6 months, we have had Georgia, Utah, South Dakota, Nebraska, Idaho, and Iowa all raise their gas taxes, hoping that the Federal Government will meet its obligations and be a partner in rebuilding and in renewing America. 
sense of urgency for the cost to families who are having $300 a year or more in damage to their cars? The fact that we are not being able to move product because we are stuck in traffic? Then our ports, our airports, our roads, our rail—we just had an example of its instability—where is the urgency? 
reject this wrongheaded approach and deal with real tax reform and the R&D tax credit. But in the meantime, maybe the Ways and Means Committee could find a week that we could spend working together to rebuild and renew America. 
am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD), a new 
member of the Ways and Means Committee who comes from a research driven State. 
my good friend from Oregon to say, as someone on this side of the aisle, I, too, sense an urgency on transportation and infrastructure. I know that we need to step up and do something about it so that we can have a robust economy, so that we can be moving our goods and services around. I do look forward to our working on tax reform, but, today, 
we need certainty with regard to our transportation and infrastructure system, but we need certainty when it comes to research and development. Businesses all across our country, as they are looking to try to create that next new product, as they are looking to innovate, as they are looking to create that next new thing in order to improve the lives of individuals and to enhance our Nation, they need to have that certainty to be able to look around the corner. 
and development a step at a time. We are reauthorizing it a year at a time. Sometimes we are doing it retroactively, which means that those businesses don’t have the ability to plan and oftentimes don’t. They are happy to take the tax relief, but they are not really willing to plan and invest in it, oftentimes having, year after year, programs in which they are investing billions of dollars, creating thousands of jobs. 
Innovation, Mr. Speaker, is something that we should all be united behind. We want to innovate here in the United States. We want to create things here in the United States. We do not want to have a research and development situation which really fosters innovation outside of the United States. Yes, we have slipped behind, and Republicans and Democrats alike want to make sure that the United States is leading the charge. We need to be globally competitive. We are not in a domestic economy—we are in a global economy. If we want to be globally competitive, we cannot be ranked 22nd when it comes to research incentives. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
a northern district in Illinois. We are the fourthlargest manufacturing district in the Nation. Yes, we rely on that infrastructure because we need to know how our raw materials come in, how our finished product goes out, and how we move people around. We also realize that those manufacturers rely on that research and development tax credit in order to innovate, in order to create that next new thing, that next new innovation. If we don’t do it in the United States, they will be doing it elsewhere. 
Israel. One of the things that struck me as I swung by one of their companies is that they had a sign out front that read: ‘‘Where Innovation Never Stops.’’ 
they will do it elsewhere. This is a bipartisan initiative, and I ask my colleagues to support this initiative. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
friend who just spoke said that he, too, believes in transportation, that we should be working on transportation and tax reform, but that, today, we are talking about the R&D credit. 
the agenda. The reason we are not talking about transportation or tax reform is that they don’t want to talk about it. They set the agenda. They are the ones who decided that today we were going to do this irresponsible tax bill rather than look at comprehensive tax reform or look at transportation funding for our crumbling infrastructure. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. BECERRA ), my colleague and 
something straight. I don’t think there is a Member here on the floor who doesn’t agree that we want to invest in research and development so that we keep that innovation here at home and create jobs that pay well here at home. We all want to incentivize that job creation. We all want to make sure that the economy grows in the future. That is not what is at issue here. What is at issue is that this bill sends exactly the wrong message about our commitment to invest not just in our future but in our children and in what we call the middle class and the American Dream. 
research and development tax credits. That is a tax break. We are willing to give companies a tax break that the families who are up in this gallery won’t get. When they file their taxes, they won’t get to write off some of their costs for doing certain things because they are not companies, and they are not doing research and development. 
are saying it is valuable to give a country a tax break to do that research that gives us the next invention. Great, but there is a cost. How much? $180 billion. It ain’t free. We have got to pay for it. So it is not an issue of not supporting research and development; it is wanting to be responsible and wanting to be honest with the American people in saying let’s pay for it. Democrats are saying we can pay for it. Let’s close those tax breaks that are essentially tax loopholes that everyone in America would agree are not fair. Use the money you save from closing tax loopholes to pay for something we all want, which is research and development tax credits. 
for it, what happens? Guess what? You don’t want to pay for it? You know this is going to cost three times more than what we spend on our veterans. So we 
shouldn’t get any services because we had to do this research and development tax credit, and we didn’t pay for it. 
of those folks who are looking for the cure for cancer or for the cure for diabetes. Guess what? We are spending about three times as much with this research and development tax credit— unpaid for—than what we pay for all of that medical research we do through the National Institutes of Health. This is not free. 
to worry about paying for their student loans for their kids to go to college? Guess what? The cost of this bill is about what it would cost to continue the programs that we have in place for our kids who go on to college so we can keep the cost of student loans low. You want to eliminate that so people have to pay a lot more—market rate interest rates—for those student loans? Guess what? That is what we would have to do. 
going to get away from deficit spending, you have got to pay for things. If you think it is a priority, then let’s pay for it, but don’t act like you can do these things for free. They cost money. All we are saying is let’s pay for what we all agree is important—a research and development tax credit for companies that will do that research here in America. Let’s not try to hoodwink the American public. This is not free. It is the right thing to do. Just about every American family would say, Guess what? Maybe I have to pay a few more dollars in taxes, but I am keeping that American company here, investing in innovation here, creating jobs in America. 
choices. Let’s vote against this and vote for a bill that actually pays for the cost of something we want to do with the research and development tax credit. 
am proud to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY), the majority leader of the United 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to take a moment to thank the gentleman from Texas for his leadership. 
of speakers on this floor. What is the cost not to invest in the future? There are 4 out of 10 graduates out of college today who can’t find a job. How do you pay for that? 
tell you many in this country have followed the innovators in our history. Mr. Speaker, one happened to be Steven Jobs. Steven Jobs said that innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. 
also true with countries. America leads because we take the principles of our 
past, and we apply them to a changing future. We are the pioneers who always look to the next frontier, ready to challenge what others believe is impossible. Innovation is key to our leadership and is essential to our economic prosperity in an increasingly competitive 21st century. What Washington 
needs to understand is that the greatest innovations don’t come from Washington—they come from the people. 
in the early 1900s in this country. Washington wanted to figure out the invention of flight, so the wisdom of government said, ‘‘Let’s just pay Samuel Langley to discover how to fly,’’ but we all knew what came true. We watched two brothers who owned a bicycle store take to the skies from a small field in Kitty Hawk, transforming what we know of today. 
American spirit. It makes space for the American people to lead us into the future. When Ronald Reagan first signed the R&D tax credit into law, he knew it would grow our economy and make America strong because it put our faith in the country’s greatest assets—its people and the future. 
make this tax credit permanent. I think that is very good policy. I also think it shows what our values are. It shows that it is everyday heroes who can lead us into the future of tomorrow. So I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, and I urge my colleagues to give the American people the tools to move America forward. 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), 
members of the committee for bringing clarity to this debate today. 
believed that innovation is what keeps America number one. I think that that is a view that is shared by all of us in the Congress. Our commitment on our side of the aisle, I know, is to science and to research and development, which create jobs, launch entire new industries, and give the miraculous power to cure. 
the 21st century, for us to meet the challenges of our time, for us to secure a strong and sustainable future for America’s families and the next generation, we must commit to fueling the engines of innovation. 
Americans to reach for the Moon, he reminded us that America must lead in innovation: 
The vows of this Nation can only be fulfilled if we are first, and, therefore, we intend to be first. Our leadership in science and in industry, our hopes for peace and security, our obligations to ourselves as well as to others, all require us to make this effort. However, according to the American 
Academy of Arts and Sciences, these days, the United States has dropped to 10th place in national R&D investment as a percentage of the GDP. 
government priority than it has been in recent decades, the potential for fundamental scientific breakthroughs and future technological advances will be severely constrained. 
and challenge, Republicans are coming to the floor of this House today with not one but two bills that do violence to that aspiration. 
First of all, we have the socalled Republican R&D bill, a completely unpaidfor, permanent, and deficitexploding tax extension. Democrats support the R&D tax credit, and we will be offering a motion to recommit for a 2 year extension to give Congress— Democrats and Republicans—time to work together to pass comprehensive tax reform that closes loopholes and pays for making this tax credit permanent. 
explode the deficit by $182 billion. This is just a part of a larger package of permanent, completely unpaidfor Republican tax measures this year that will add almost $600 billion to the deficit— over half a trillion dollars added to the deficit—including this bill, their bill to hand $269 billion to the 5,400 richest families in America. 5,400 families, and their estate tax bill would be getting the benefit of $269 billion paid for by the middle class in our country, depriving us of investments in our children’s future. 
have spent this entire Congress blowing up the deficit with unpaidfor tax giveaways overwhelmingly tilted toward wealthy special interests. My colleagues, hear this: it is worth noting that this bill on the floor has nothing to do with enterprising startups that are unable to claim the R&D tax credit. Some of you have said to me: Well, we have all these startups in my district. By and large, they cannot benefit from this bill the way it is written. 
motion to recommit to go further, to do that, but the Parliamentarians say, because you prevent it in your base bill, we can’t go further. 
look of it all. On the same day as you are saying we are going to do a gotcha bill on R&D and challenge you all who support R&D not to vote for our approach, on the very same day—lest anybody think that this is an overwhelming interest in R&D on the Republican side of the aisle—Republicans are bringing to the floor a COMPETES Act that completely undermines everything to do with science and innovation in our country. It completely upsets our Innovation Agenda. 
the Innovation Agenda, a bill developed in a totally nonpartisan way. ANNAESHOO , ZOELOFGREN , and George 
Miller took the lead going across the country, getting input, nonpartisan input, academic input, venture capital input, technological input, into an Innovation Agenda. That Innovation Agenda really calls for making permanent and modernizing the R&D tax credit. We see the relationship between science, technology, innovation, and progress to keep America number one with R&D tax credits, but not done this way as we do here. 
This is a trap in order to keep us 
from investing in Innovation Agenda, and that was something that Bart Gordon, as chair of the Science and Technology Committee, fought for and achieved. ARPAE, you know that, to name one thing. But instead, today, Republicans are bringing a bill that totally does violence to all this. I hope Members will listen to and support the alternative presented by Congresswoman EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , our 
But, anyway, the original COMPETES Act by the Democratic Congress was supported by an overwhelming number of Republicans. A majority of the Republicans defied their leadership and voted for the COMPETES Act in the 110th Congress, and that original bill passed in a bipartisan way. We laid the foundation for new industries that provide jobs for our workers, that open new markets for American products, that ensure that we continue to ‘‘rise above the gathering storm.’’ Norm Augustine and others led the way to show what the gathering storm was unless we made those investments in science and technology. As I said, we created ARPAE, so important. 
This Republican bill betrays everything that the COMPETES Act did. The Republican bill betrays everything that the COMPETES Act did. It is an assault on science and a plan to surrender American leadership on innovation. Instead of investing in research and development, their bill slashes funding for essential initiatives at the National Science Foundation, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Office of Science and Technology Policy, the Department of Energy research. 
It cuts energy efficiency and renewable energy R&D by $496 million. It is huge, halfabilliondollar cut, nearly 30 percent below what was appropriated last year. It cuts ARPAE by $140 million, 50 percent below the level in the Energy and Water Appropriations bill passed last week. 
Most insidiously, Republicans are attacking science they don’t even want to hear. Just because you don’t want to hear it doesn’t mean it isn’t true. In this COMPETES bill that they are presenting, they are trying to silence the climate, environmental, and social science they have consistently tried to ignore. The Republican bill goes so far 
as to forbid Federal agencies such as EPA and FERC from using any research funded or developed by DOE, a brazen attempt to divorce their decisions from scientific inquiry. 
floor today, they come out with this masquerade of R&D tax credits, $182 billion added to the deficit, with the impression that they care about R&D. R&D into what? R&D into nothing that is about innovation to keep America number one. These Republican bills represent a perfect manifestation of Republican trickledown economics. 
make in the economy as we go forward is trickledown economics versus middle class economics. Trickledown theories have not worked. They are what got us in trouble in 2008, and it is exactly what the Republicans are trying to take us back to. Today is one manifestation of that. 
our Nation’s investments in the future, our commitment to science, our commitment to our children’s education, our commitment to bigger paychecks, and our commitment to better infrastructure for every American family. 
We need to come together in a bipartisan way, and that is very possible. We did it with the COMPETES Act before. To pay for R&D tax credit extension, we need to reject this Republican assault on science that will happen later today. We need to invest in the future of innovation of our country, of hard working American families. We need to reject failed trickledown economic theories and accept that the success of our Nation depends on bigger paychecks for America’s working families. R&D tax credits made permanent and modernized are a significant part of that, but they are not a part of it if they take us deeper into debt, preventing us from making the investments in the future. 
this fiscally irresponsible R&D bill, ‘‘no’’ on their destructive COMPETES Act, and ‘‘yes’’ on the proposal made by Congresswoman EDDIE BERNICE  
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). 
my colleagues on the other side that, under the leadership of the former presenter, almost a trillion dollars was spent on a stimulus package with nothing to show for it. 
I have been in the business world 37 years. The reason I ran for Congress was to bring realworld experience to this body. That is why I rise today in support of H.R. 880. The reason for that is because, when you invest and you invest properly, there is a return. Those families find jobs, and that is what this 
H.R. 880 is to simplify and make permanent the research and development tax credit. Despite the fact that the research tax credit has been extended 16 times since its enactment, it remains a temporary measure. It is very difficult to plan based on temporary measures. Clearly, it is high time that we provide certainty for innovators in Georgia and across the Nation by making this tax credit permanent. 
smallbusiness community, which employs over 70 percent of the workforce. Innovation in the private sector is essential to driving our economy forward and in fostering growth and creating jobs for Americans now and in the future. It is our duty in Congress to incentivize businesses so that innovators and entrepreneurs can do what they do best and fill the ever growing demand for jobs across our great Nation. 
women willing to work, so let’s get out of the way of the entrepreneurial American spirit and pass H.R. 880. 
Speaker, I just want to point out that small businesses and the startups are disadvantaged if this bill passes. They can’t take advantage of this realworld experience and businessworld experience. I am here to tell you, as a small business person, if you don’t pay your bills, you go out of business. The leader had mentioned that this bill is going to cost $181 billion, but, Mr. Speaker and Members, if you add that $181 billion to everything else that the majority has passed in regard to unpaidfor tax cuts, that number jumps to $586.3 billion of unpaidfor tax policy. 
Now it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), a distinguished 
Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from California for yielding me time. I also want to thank Representative BRADY for his characterization of 
my State, the State of Illinois, as being research driven, and indeed it is. I am also proud to know that, from the time I have been here, I have always been number one or number two in our delegation of supporting research, so I am research oriented. 
we engage in. We talk a great deal about deficit reduction and reducing spending, and yet, at the same time, we are passing a bill that is not paid for while we cut greatly needed programs and activities that could give balance to individuals all over the country who are just simply trying to survive and to make it, activities like Medicaid and SNAP. 
In my communities and in many others throughout America, we are struggling right now with the idea of how do you develop summer work opportunities for young adults so that we could 
have a real attack on some of the rash 
of violence and activity that we see approaching and being engaged in throughout urban America. 
I have always been in favor of research and development, and I have always been in favor of using tax incentives as a way of spurring economic development and stimulating the economy. But, you know, I am also interested in passing credits. I am interested in credits for businesses. We have talked about businesses. Well, let’s pass some credits so that businesses can hire hardtoemploy individuals, so that they can hire these young people looking for summer jobs, for something to do. 
So I am in favor of credits, but I am 
not in favor of a bill that is not paid for, a bill that will not be comprehensive across the board, and a bill that will put more wealth in the pockets of the 1 percent and do nothing to aid the overall economy. 
am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY). 
Speaker, President Ronald Reagan once observed that the government’s view of the economy is pretty simple: ‘‘If it moves, tax it.’’ 
Well, today, more than ever, President Reagan’s words ring true. Taxes are prohibitively high. We can take a step in a new direction by passing H.R. 880, the American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015. This legislation is simple; it will make the R&D tax credit permanent. By doing so, we reduce the amount of taxes that America’s innovators pay by providing a 20 percent credit on research expenses. 
According to a recent study, this policy will increase overall investment in research by $33 billion and result in 300,000 researchrelated jobs. In practical terms, this means that a small business in the beautiful State of West Virginia—which I represent—or where you live that spends $5 million a year on research could be eligible for a $500,000 tax credit. 
employees at $50,000 a year. We are talking about 10 new, hardworking American taxpayers. We are talking about men and women who are given the dignity of work. They will pay taxes rather than possibly take government assistance. 
West Virginians that I would fight for policies that create jobs and bring economic freedom back to America. This bill takes us a step in that direction. I encourage my colleagues to vote for it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) 
has 6 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) has 14 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
said earlier, of the R&D tax credit. My colleagues on this side of the aisle support the R&D tax credit. As we have been saying here today on the floor, it is an important credit that is vital to our global competitiveness, job and economic growth, and maintaining our position as the world’s leader in innovation. 
it again—this bill isn’t paid for. The majority is adding $181 billion to the deficit with just this one bill. This is fiscally irresponsible. 
What I haven’t been able to understand—and I am having trouble today trying to figure it out—is how we can pass bills that help corporations and the wealthy, adding the cost of that to the deficit, but then turn around and try to balance the budget and close the deficit on the backs of hardworking American families. 
the programs we need to grow our economy, like education and infrastructure. We have an infrastructure bill that we are still waiting for a hearing on, which we are still waiting to see scheduled. 
It is a double standard; it is hypocritical, and it is harmful to the people that all of us represent. We are ready and willing to work with the majority to strengthen the economy, including progrowth reforms that benefit businesses and comprehensive tax reform that will benefit all of America, but this is the wrong approach, and we should not be party to this political gamesmanship that is taking place on the floor today. 
this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Washington is that everyone finds excuses not to do the right thing. The truth is we need research and development here in America, not overseas. We need the jobs that come with that here in America, not overseas. We 
need, frankly, the future of America here, rather than overseas. Republicans and Democrats both agree on that; both sincerely agree on that. Today, we heard excuses, and we will hear excuses. 
We are told this doesn’t fund infrastructure. It doesn’t. This is about funding the infrastructure of research and development and innovation, but not through the government. This is through our entrepreneurs, like Apple and Microsoft, and all the new research and groundbreaking drugs and medical breakthroughs. That is how we are funding the infrastructure of our future. Roads and bridges, we will tackle in another bill. 
tax reform. No, it is not. It is a critical step forward in that by taking a provision that has been temporary far too long and making it a permanent part of our Tax Code so that we can invest in R&D with certainty, so we can have honest scorekeeping in our budget, and so we can take that first step toward real, comprehensive progrowth tax reform. 
in the past, that it is not paid for, but in fact, to the extensions since 1981, these provisions haven’t been paid for. Our Democrat friends passed these bills and supported them. They weren’t paid for. We have done the same. It was 1 year or 2 years at a time. To say this is fiscally irresponsible, when they voted so many times to do the same thing, seems to me to be another excuse. 
no more than the cost of doing it 1 or 2 years at a time. To think otherwise is sort of in the line of saying: You know, that dessert doesn’t have calories if I eat it standing up. 
but the cost of not making it permanent is very much not the same. We know the impact will be fewer jobs here in America, more R&D in China, and we will lose our lead in the world as the world’s innovator. 
No more excuses—what we are looking for today is a bipartisan effort to make sure those jobs are here in America, that our companies have a chance to invest more and more and more each year. That is what we want them to do. 
hope. As the majority leader from California noted, 4 out of 10 college graduates either can’t find jobs, or they are working behind a cash register. Well, it is wrong. We ought to give them an opportunity. We ought to give them some jobs and some hope. Those college graduates are skilled and talented, and they deserve to be part of America’s innovative society. That is what they deserve. That is what we are going to deliver to them. 
friends are talking about the deficit, I wish they would have acted upon it earlier. The first year they took control of this House under the former Speaker, they doubled the deficit. The second year, they tripled the deficit. The third year, they took it over a trillion dollars and a trillion dollars again, until the American public said enough. 
was the worst economic recovery in half a century. We are missing 6 million jobs from the American economy. We have fewer people working the workforce than we did before the recovery actually began. In some ways, we are going backwards, especially for our young people. 
and development both parties support. The only reason we are hearing the excuses is that it is a Republican bill this time. That is the only reason. 
Republican proposal, it is not a Democrat proposal. It is an American proposal we all support. We think our economy ought to grow not in Washington, but back home, and that innovation matters. The way we do that is to recapture America’s leadership in R&D. 
support of entrepreneurs, manufacturers, and technology companies back home all across America—I urge that we stop the excuses, we join together as Republicans and Democrats, we take back America’s leadership in innovation and create the jobs that our young people deserve. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bipartisan bill H.R. 880 the American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015 to make permanent and simplify an important tax credit, which promotes job creation and economic growth. 
issue last year, so I applaud Mr. BRADY for 
continuing to work on this important measure to bring certainty to an important sector of the U.S. economy. 
the now expired research tax credit, H.R. 880 increases the ability of businesses to compete in an increasingly globalized marketplace by rewarding investments in innovation technologies and manufacturing. These new technologies provide the basis of new consumer products, increased scientific discovery, and technological improvements across numerous fields and disciplines. 
and Competitiveness Act of 2015 lowers the cost of innovation, creates high wage jobs, and lays the foundation for a strong economy in the 21st century. The U.S. is facing increasing competition around the globe from countries with more advantageous tax structures, so it is critical that Congress extend this credit to remain competitive in the future. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in support of this common sense legislation to provide the tools necessary to create jobs, promote economic growth, and create the innovations of tomorrow—right here in America. 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
Mr. NEAL. I am opposed to the bill in 
The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Neal moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
880 to the Committee on Ways and Means with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
a permanent extension of the research credit in a fiscally responsible manner. 
made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2014. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to this bill in its current form, and I want to remind my colleagues that this will not kill the bill, nor will it send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will proceed immediately to final passage as amended. 
Congress; and what do we hear from the majority? It is more of the same, more of the same assurances: Trust us on tax reform; it is on the way. 
bills. Trust us, tax reform is on the way. 
Then it was: If we make some extenders permanent, trust us, tax reform is just around the corner. 
The new refrain is: If we want to fix 
the highway trust fund, let’s do tax reform at the same time. 
Mind you, we have just voted to extend the highway trust fund for the 33rd time, and in December, we will most likely vote to extend the R&D tax credit on another shortterm basis. Let’s stop playing these games. 
Texas talked about Democrats extending the deficits, did he forget that Bill Clinton left us with four straight balanced budgets, and in 8 years, they wrecked the trajectory of those balanced budget with $2.3 trillion of tax cuts? That is the reality. When I heard him say the Democrats ran up the deficits, I guess they forgot there was a President George W. Bush in between. 
What do we do here? We do the estate 
tax repeal. That takes care of 5,400 families in America. How universal is that? If we weren’t doing the estate tax bill—repealing it, by the way—then what we could have done was perhaps extend and agree upon a robust R&D tax credit, which you all know I support. How about, for 6, 7, 8, 9, or 10 years, put it in line and let private investment build around it? 
If you are from Massachusetts, obviously, you are for a more robust R&D tax credit. Who in Massachusetts could be against that? World class universities, hospitals, businesses, incubators—we produce some of the highest 
and best tech advancements in the world. Kendall Square in Cambridge has the highest concentration of R&D in the whole world. 
We know this credit is vital to keeping America at the innovation forefront, and we know that the startand stop nature of this credit has put a damper on the willingness of firms to invest because they don’t know if the credit is going to be gone tomorrow. 
out that I think bears noting, as a percent of gross domestic product, research and development now is the lowest it has been in decades. Why is that? Because of the rejection of science on my Republican friend’s side, private sector R&D is way down. 
is simply to buy smaller companies, merge, and take advantage of the innovation they have done. There is the opportunity here to build something around the R&D that we should be taking advantage of here today, but we are not doing that because of the notion of having rejected this science. 
this credit is attributable to one fact: we have not reformed the Tax Code since 1986. Now, Congressman BRADY  
wasn’t even born the last time that we did tax reform 30some odd years ago. He was but a wish in a couple’s eye. That is how dated this argument is. 
upon: Barack Obama was not born in Kenya; secondly, and just importantly, there is no imminent invasion of Texas that is being planned; And third, very simply, the tax cuts don’t pay for themselves. They have to score some place. 
We are taking up the time today debating this extender—or extenders— when we should be talking about tax reform that works for the middle class, a tax reform that does not reward investment; instead, we are doing this hodgepodge effort on tax extenders that really make no sense. Guess what, come December, we are going to be right back here on this floor tackling the R&D credit for another year or two. 
been right in the last two cycles about what happened as to where we ended up with tax extenders. The President has already said he would veto a permanent R&D at this point, and I understand the whole nature of why we need to do talking points. 
BRADY , and he is my friend, and we 
work together on many pieces of legislation. Why don’t we commit ourselves to building an R&D tax credit for 10 years, so it can be built into the investment code of the American entrepreneur, so they know precisely what 
is going to be out there, instead of taking this tactic today that is never going to see the light of day as we go forward? 
This Congress could have been spending its time today talking about income disparity, downward pressure on wages, robotics, and what is putting the American worker behind the curve of opportunity; but, no, we can’t do that. We spend our time instead on these sorts of arguments. 
I hope that we can send this back to 
committee and come up with something that we can all live with. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
this Democrat proposal does violence to America’s research infrastructure. It does violence to America’s economy, and it does violence to the future of our economy and to the hope of young people. 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 1806. 
DENHAM ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 271 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 1806. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1806) to 
provide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific discovery, and development to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes, with Mr. YODER in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to sponsor H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, a pro science, fiscally responsible bill that sets America on a path to remain the world’s leader in innovation. 
This bill reauthorizes civilian research programs at the National Science Foundation, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Department of Energy, and the Office of Science and Technology Policy. H.R. 1806 prioritizes basic research and development, while staying within the caps set by the Budget Control Act. 
America’s businesses rely on government support for basic research to produce the scientific breakthroughs that spur technological innovation, jumpstart new industries, and spur economic growth. Title I of the bill reauthorizes the National Science Foundation for 2 years and provides a 4.3 percent increase for research and related activities. 
Directorates of Biological Sciences, Computer and Information Science and Engineering, Engineering, and Mathematics and Physical Sciences and recognizes the need to make strategic investments in basic R&D for the U.S. to remain the global leader in science and innovation. The bill reprioritizes research spending at NSF by cutting funding for the Directorate for Social, Behavioral, and Economic Sciences and the Directorate for Geosciences. 
taxpayers’ dollars to be spent on high value science in the national interest. Unfortunately, NSF has funded a number of projects that do not meet the highest standards of scientific merit, from climate change musicals, to evaluating animal photographs in National Geographic, to studying humanset fires in New Zealand in the 1800s. There are dozens of other examples. 
The bill ensures accountability by restoring the original intent of the 1950 NSF Act and requiring that all grants serve the ‘‘national interest.’’ The NSF has endorsed this goal. 
Space, and Technology Committee’s commitment to enhancing STEM education programs. A healthy and viable STEM workforce is critical to American industries and ensures our future economic prosperity. 
to include computer science, which connects all STEM subjects. The bill also creates an advisory panel on STEM education to ensure outside stakeholders have a role in assessing the Federal STEM education portfolio. 
bills the Science, Space, and Technology Committee approved in March. Those bills, H.R. 1119, the Research and Development Efficiency Act; H.R. 1156, the International Science and Technology Cooperation Act of 2015; and H.R. 1162, the Science Prize Competitions Act, passed the committee by voice vote. Two of these were sponsored by the Democrats. 
measurement, standards, and technology work taking place at the National Institute of Standards and Technology laboratories, the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program, and the recently authorized Network for Manufacturing Innovation. 
NIST contributes to industrial competitiveness by supporting the technical infrastructure and advancements for nanotechnology, global positioning systems, material sciences, cybersecurity, health information technology, and a variety of other fields. 
of Energy Office of Science for 2 years, at a 5.4 percent increase over fiscal year 2015. It prioritizes basic research that enables researchers in all 50 States to have access to worldclass user facilities, including supercomputers and highintensity light sources. 
and requires DOE to certify that its climate science work is unique and not being undertaken by another Federal agency. 
Title VI reauthorizes the DOE applied research and development programs and activities for fiscal year 2016 and 2017. They include the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, the Office of Nuclear Energy, the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, the Office of Fossil Energy, and the Advanced Research Projects AgencyEnergy. 
latestage commercialization efforts within the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to research and development efforts. 
regular strategic analysis of science and technology activities within the Department, identifying key areas for collaboration across science and applied research programs. 
bureaucracy in the DOE technology transfer process. It allows contractor operators at DOE national laboratories to work with the private sector more efficiently by delegating signature authority to the directors of the labs 
themselves, rather than to DOE contracting officers, for cooperative agreements valued at less than $1 million. 
its capability to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion research and the next generation fission reactor prototypes. Currently, the private sector has little incentive to build reactor prototypes due to regulatory uncertainty from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
sets the right priorities for Federal civilian research, which enhances innovation and U.S. competitiveness without adding to the Federal deficit and debt. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
opposition to the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act. It is unfortunate because I was a strong supporter of both the original COMPETES Act, as well as the 2010 reauthorization. 
Both of those bills passed with bipartisan support, and both bills reflected the recommendations of the National Academy of Sciences’ groundbreaking 2005 report, ‘‘Rising Above the Gathering Storm.’’ 
It is worth reflecting on what the National Academy’s panel found and why they made the recommendations they did. 
was composed of a distinguished group of individuals from industry, academia, and science; and it was headed by the former Lockheed CEO Norm Augustine. 
The panel noted that much of America’s economic growth and success in the decades following World War II was the direct result of our Nation’s sustained investment in research and development. However, they noted that a gathering storm was approaching. America’s economic and military competitors around the world had begun to catch up with our Nation’s technological lead. 
budgets in the United States were stagnating. The panel determined that America was sorely in need of a recommitment to research and development in order to maintain our competitive edge. 
recommendations that we increase R&D spending, revitalize STEM education across the country, and also create and support a new ARPAE for breakthrough energy research modeled on the renowned DARPA program at the Department of Defense. 
The original COMPETES Act implemented these recommendations across the board. Supporting this bill was one of the highlights of my two decades of service here in Congress. 
I have highlighted this history because it is important to understand what we are doing here today and why 
these issues are so important. Since 2010, when we passed the last COMPETES reauthorization, R&D spending in America has begun to stagnate again and, by some measures, even declined. 
In the meantime, our economic competitors have doubled down on their investments in research and development. Over the past decade, China has averaged a 23 percent increase in R&D spending each year. Perhaps, not surprisingly, in 2014, China overtook the United States to become the world’s largest economic power. 
The crisis that the Augustine committee warned us about in 2005 has now arrived. 
to this crisis? Absolutely nothing. That is what is in H.R. 1806: absolutely nothing. 
recommendations of the Augustine committee and the original COMPETES Act. It abandons the legacy of COMPETES by flatfunding R&D investments. It abandons the legacy by slashing funding for the very ARPAE program envisioned by this committee, the Augustine committee. It abandons that legacy by politicizing the scientific grantmaking process and pitting different research disciplines against each other. 
I want to be clear about what it is 
that this majority is abandoning. They are abandoning our future. 
Earth, but our greatness is not guaranteed. We have to work for it. We have to do the things that are necessary to ensure a bright future for our country. That means making the same kinds of investments in science and technology that previous generations made. Our predecessors understood what was at stake. They made a commitment to invest in research and development and science education, and we still benefit from those past investments today. 
do not recommit to our investments in science education, research, and development, we will be surpassed. 
Nation’s future, and for that reason, I must strenuously oppose it. 
have received more than 40 letters or statements of concern or outright opposition from over 70 different groups, including the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the Association of American Universities, the Association of Public and Landgrant Universities, the Business Council for Sustainable Energy, the Coalition for National Science Funding, the STEM Education Coalition, the Truman National Security Project, and many, many others. I will put the full list of these organizations in the RECORD at 
this time. 75 ORGANIZATIONS IN OPPOSITION TO H .R. 1806, 
3. American Anthropological Association 4. American Association for the Advancement of Science 
8. American Geophysical Union 9. American Geosciences Institute 10. American Institute of Biological 
11. American Institute of Physics 12. American Meteorological Society 13. American Physical Society 14. American Political Science Association 15. American Psychological Association 16. American Society for Microbiology 17. American Sociological Association 18. Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies 
19. Association for the Sciences of Limnology and Oceanography 
20. Association of American Universities 21. Association of Population Centers 22. Association of Public and Landgrant 
23. AVS: Science & Technology of Materials, Interfaces, and Processing 
24. Biophysical Society 25. Business Council for Sustainable Energy 
27. Clay Minerals Society 28. Coalition for National Science Funding 29. Computing Research Association 30. Consortium for Ocean Leadership 31. Consortium of Social Science Associations 
32. Council of Undergraduate Research 33. Department of Energy Secretary Ernest 
34. Earth Day Network 35. Ecological Society of America 36. Energy Sciences Coalition 37. Environment America 38. Environment and Energy Study Institute 
39. Environmental Defense Fund 40. Federation of American Societies for 
41. Federation of Associations in Behavioral and Brain Sciences 
42. Geological Society of America 43. Incorporated Institutions for Seismology 
45. Law and Society Association 46. League of Conservation Voters 47. Learning and Education Academic Research Network 
48. Michigan State University 49. National Association of Geoscience 
52. National Ground Water Association 53. Natural Resources Defense Council 54. Nobel Laureates 55. Ohio State University 56. Paleontological Research Institution 57. Pew 58. Population Association of America 59. Princeton University 60. Research!America 61. Seismological Society of America 
65. Soil Science Society of America 66. STEM Education Coalition 67. Taskforce on American Innovation 68. The Optical Society 69. Truman National Security Project—Operation Free 
70. Union of Concerned Scientists 71. United States Permafrost Association 72. University Corporation for Atmospheric 
73. University of Colorado at Boulder 74. University of Michigan 
Texas. Again, I strongly, strongly oppose this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ), who is the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. I thank Chairman SMITH for yielding me time to 
speak on this important legislation that is on the floor today. 
COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, authorizes the science and energy research programs at the Department of Energy, providing funding for research and development conducted in our universities and national labs across the country. 
of basic research in the physical sciences and provides user facilities for over 31,000 scientific researchers each year. 
prioritizes funding for the Office of Science, which conducts critical research in high energy physics, advanced scientific computing, biological and environmental research, nuclear physics, fusion energy sciences, and basic energy sciences. 
This basic R&D has broad applications for our economy and for our national security, providing tools and user facilities for researchers in all energy fields. 
The America COMPETES Act also reauthorizes the Department’s applied energy programs in nuclear energy, fossil energy, energy efficiency and renewable energy, and electricity research and development. 
By prioritizing research and development in these programs, we can maximize Federal dollars and leave commercialization and deployment to the private sector, Mr. Chairman, which has the most incentive to bring new, costeffective, and efficient technologies to market. 
This legislation is fiscally responsible and cuts funding to lowerpriority and duplicative programs like EERE, which has grown by almost 60 percent in the last decade. With our national debt of $18 trillion and rising, Congress must prioritize fundamental research to lay the foundation for the next technological breakthrough. We simply cannot afford to spend 
limited Federal dollars on promoting today’s technology. This is so yesterday when we do that. Instead of duplicating work that could be done in the private sector, the America COMPETES Act prioritizes basic research and development with broad application to all forms of energy and energy efficiencies. 
months, the Science Committee has held hearings on the Department of Energy research and development for advanced nuclear reactors, highperformance computing, energy efficiency and renewable energy, energy storage, and the Department of Energy budget proposal. With limited time, this Science Committee in this Congress has conducted five hearings in support of this legislation, prioritizing oversight of the DOE programs authorized in this bill. 
By supporting the America COMPETES Act, Congress can promote fundamental research, build a foundation for the private sector to bring innovative new technologies to market, and grow the American economy. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I now yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ). 
actually quite disappointing that we are here at this point today. And I join the ranking member and our colleagues on this side of the aisle in opposing this harmful antiscience bill, H.R. 1806. 
was excited because we were actually working on reauthorizing the COMPETES Act. We were making investments in important research and development and technologies for the 21st century. And we were doing that in a bipartisan fashion based on bipartisan scientific and researchbased recommendations. But that is not where we are today. 
cuts to the Department of Energy, including cutting close to onethird of the budget of the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy and half the budget of ARPA–E. In fact, you could argue that this is not an investment in the 21st century at all: it is a throwback bill to the 20th century. 
Nation’s research into highimpact technologies to generate, store, and use energy and will harm our ability to compete successfully with other countries. 
provisions restricting the Department of Energy, such as a provision preventing the results of any Department of Energysupported fossil fuel energy research and development from being ‘‘used for regulatory assessments or determinations by Federal regulatory authorities.’’ That would essentially bar the EPA or the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission from using the most current research results when they set rules to protect our air, our land, and our water. 
antiscience bill also includes a misguided attempt to impose a level of political review on the National Science Foundation’s goldstandard merit review system. 
This is the National Science Foundation, not a political organization. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Texas. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
proposal that would stifle the kind of highrisk, outsidethebox thinking that has put the United States on the cutting edge of scientific research. 
would eliminate valuable and scientifically sound research on climate change within the Department of Energy under the guise of a costcutting measure. 
what this is about? It is about the other side just not believing in climate change, despite the science. 
and harmful things that this bill does do, it lacks any substantively helpful provisions in a number of areas. 
that would simply look at our 21st century workforce by supporting research at minorityserving institutions, growing STEM fields for young people who we know have to go into the 21st century workforce. It flatfunds the education directorate at the National Science Foundation. 
I can’t think of anything more harmful than doing a COMPETES legislation that is, at its core, the most anticompetitive legislation that could be put on this floor. It is a danger to the 21st century. 
am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE), who is the majority whip. 
the chairman from Texas, for yielding and for his leadership in bringing the America COMPETES Act to the floor. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the America COMPETES Act. If you look at what we are trying to do here, we want America to maintain our competitive edge, to create goodpaying jobs here at home. But to do that, we need to invest wisely and responsibly in basic scientific research. 
administration expanding programs way beyond the core missions of the National Science Foundation and the Department of Energy, the COMPETES Act prioritizes taxpayer dollars to support basic research in biology, chemistry, math, engineering, and computer science. American taxpayers’ dollars are being spent on programs that do 
wasteful spending that is being eliminated by this legislation, the America COMPETES Act. 
money is being spent to study human set fires in New Zealand in the 1800s— taxpayer dollars here in America are being spent on that; $50,000 to study civil lawsuits in Peru from 1600 to 1700; $487,000 to study textiles and gender in Iceland from 874–1800, during the Viking era; $697,000 for ‘‘The Great Immensity,’’ a musical about climate change. 
being spent on, Mr. Chairman, at a time when Americans are tightening their belts and are looking to Washington to do what they are doing in being fiscally responsible. 
to be trying to do to promote science, to promote computer science, as a computer scientist, the things that are going to help American workers be successful—not all of this foolishness that is wasting taxpayer money. It is a great bill that actually prioritizes the taxpayer dollars of this country. I urge my colleagues to pass it. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ). 
the COMPETES Reauthorization Act, which is an attempt to disinvest, in my view, in research, innovation, and education at a time when we ought to be investing in those areas even more greatly. 
at a serious risk over the long term. The public must be awfully confused, I understand, by both sides claiming that they are enhancing research. Many interest groups, however, disagree with our Republican friends. 
I had hoped that this year’s COMPETES legislation would have been written so that we could continue the tradition of the strong bipartisan support that it received in 2007 and 2010. Overwhelmingly, Republicans voted for these bills initially and the reauthorization. 
partisan policy changes it makes preclude that from happening. The Republicans who wrote this legislation have decided that they know better than America’s scientists and innovators. They arbitrarily pick and choose research programs they like at the expense of those they ideologically oppose—in other words, not peer review but political review. And they cut key areas of research far below the levels appropriated for fiscal year 2015, including the Manufacturing Extension 
on the floor and they are cutting R&D technology here. Furthermore, this bill would slash 
our investments in the cutting edge ARPAE program by 50 percent, which funds highrisk and highreward research in energy technologies that might not otherwise be pursued. 
COMPETES Act, really ought to be titled the Everyone Else Competes Act because it will cause us to fall farther and farther behind our overseas competitors, who are already far outpacing us in how much they invest in science and technology research. 
also is considering a bill that tries to do something many of us agree ought to be done but it does it in a fiscally irresponsible way. I am opposing and urge my colleagues to oppose making the R&D tax credit permanent because we ought to pay for it, Mr. Chairman— not make our children and grandchildren pay for it. 
Over and over and over again, the Republicans claim that the tax cuts that they are passing will pay for themselves. I came here in 1981. That was the claim. Under President Reagan, we increased the debt 189 percent. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Texas. I yield the gentleman from Maryland an additional 1 minute. 
after 2001 and 2003. He only increased the deficit 87 percent, or almost three times that increased under President Clinton; and none of the tax cuts ended up paying for themselves, and Greenspan said so. 
Republicans have brought to the floor and passed nine tax cuts. It is so easy to vote for tax cuts. It is so hard to pay for what we are buying. And that is why we have a deficit, because we do not pay for what we buy. 
vote on another unpaidfor tax extender that, on its own, would increase the deficit by $182 billion. That is a total of $586 billion—over half a trillion dollars—that Republicans are proposing to add to the deficit this year. 
that making the R&D tax credit permanent would benefit the economy. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has again expired. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
that, and I support the R&D being made permanent—if we pay for it. That is a principle the American public expects us to pursue. Many Democrats agree as well. 
However, what will be an even greater benefit to the economy is for Congress to set aside the misguided mantra that tax cuts pay for themselves and, instead, put America’s fiscal house in order. Let’s start a real conversation about fixing our broken Tax Code in a fiscally sustainable way. Passing this R&D tax credit will undermine that effort. 
sides of the aisle who care deeply about fiscal sustainability, about tax reform, and about economic competitiveness to oppose these bills. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ), an active 
support of the America COMPETES Act, and I would like to thank the chair for his leadership in this field. 
Government spends about $3 billion across STEM education efforts. This bill creates a new STEM education advisory panel to provide feedback and advise the President and Federal agencies with STEM programs to better inform plans and budgets. The bill directs that STEM education efforts are to be coordinated across the Federal Government to limit duplication. Industry also recognizes the benefits of STEM. This is evidenced by its support of various STEM programs with equipment, facilities, and volunteers. 
thrives with hightechnical, highpaying jobs. Without STEM, without reaching out with STEM education, we don’t get those folks to jump in there. We have to talk about other things like visas and bringing people in for these types of jobs instead of working with our kids to get them educated and moving toward a good career. 
This bill provides for grants for research on STEM programming that engages underrepresented students. Again, in my district, we have the Lancaster Robotics Team. It started more than 10 years ago. When it started, it was about 2 percent women, or 2 percent girls; today it is over 40 percent. Forty percent of the Lancaster Robotics Team is girls working towards a STEM degree, working towards an engineering degree, a mathematics degree, and a computer science degree. Again, aerospace brings many of the highest paying and most technical jobs not just to my district, but to this country. 
not just a buzzword; it is something that actually works. STEM education is the lifeblood for what we do in a high technical society. If we don’t do it, someone else will. We should do it right here in America. I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Texas. I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for yielding. 
to H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act. The original 
commitment to increased R&D funding, and I strongly believe we should continue to increase funding for worthwhile investments in our Nation’s future. However, I have serious concerns with this bill that the majority has offered. 
Space, and Technology Committee, I had the opportunity to work on a truly bipartisan reauthorization of COMPETES. We worked together and chose to make certain that we innovate and we made certain that we would compete. 
Space, and Technology Committee, excited to again work on a smart and targeted COMPETES reauthorization. Unfortunately, there was no bipartisan process, and the result is a bill that does not live up to the original COMPETES vision. It would be more appropriately named the ‘‘America Concedes’’ bill. Why? Because at a time when the rest of the world is taking extraordinary steps to innovate, this bill would have America do the opposite. Its efforts are misguided, at the least. Major areas of research are not adequately funded, and the policy changes would take us in the wrong direction. 
Mr. Chair, I am concerned by the majority’s fixation on allocating funding for NSF by directorate. This creates a dangerous precedent in denying NSF adequate flexibility and instead places political whims ahead of the need to independently foster true innovative research. I am also concerned by the effort to impose political review on NSF’s goldstandard merit review system. The scientific community in our Nation and around the world agrees that NSF’s review system works, and works very well. So why would we make it more difficult to encourage high risk, high rewards research? 
Instead, we should be increasing research funding, providing NSF the appropriate flexibility to fund innovative research, and we should be investing in a sustained commitment to STEM education. My district needs and deserves STEM as an education process. It doesn’t want simple buzzwords. It wants a real STEM education effort. 
As a nation, we are woefully underproducing scientists and engineers. In order to remain a competitive global economic power in the 21st century, we must place a strong focus on STEM education. Instead, this bill provides flat funding for STEM education along with increased administrative burdens. That is not a commitment to STEM education. In practical terms, it is a decrease in funding. 
funding for the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program and by the strike in funding for the National Network for Manufacturing Innovation, or NNMI. These initiatives are smart investments and opportunities for our Nation to truly collaborate, to compete, and to be truly cuttingedge. This bill denies our American pioneer spirit. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
huge cuts to funding for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy research and development as well as the funding for ARPAE. These cuts ignore the reality that a modern society needs energy, and the only way we are going to meet our energy challenge is through smart investments in research and development. 
and if we pull back resources and do not invest, we will put our economic and national security at risk. We will also not meet the energy challenge if we blindly ignore existing research and refuse to access the most uptodate information. 
We also cannot solve our budget deficit with these types of cuts. In fact, they are more likely to make the problem worse. The best way to reduce our budget deficit is by fostering new businesses and industries that generate economic wealth, revenue, and jobs, and the fuel for that task is research and development. We are missing a golden opportunity with this measure. For these reasons I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. 
who is a valuable member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
today in strong support of H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Act. 
people pay their taxes, they expect their tax dollars to be spent effectively and efficiently. Too often that has not been the case across government, and there is nothing worse than seeing taxes taken out of their paychecks and wasted. Not only is that fiscally irresponsible, it is insulting to the taxpayers. 
The bill before us is fiscally responsible and takes important steps to cut wasteful spending. Traditionally, when the National Science Foundation was mentioned, Americans thought of hard sciences—basic research, advanced technologies in biology, engineering, mathematics, and the physical sciences. It is investments in these fields that advance American technology and help the United States maintain its competitive edge. 
Science Foundation expenditures have brought widespread criticism to the NSF and its priorities. There was the expenditure, for example, of $856,000 on a grant to teach three captive mountain lions how to use a treadmill. NSF spent another $387,000 on a mechanical device that simulates Swedish massages for rabbits. This is unquestionably a waste of taxpayer money, particularly when we are over $18 trillion 
Our bill cuts spending on lower priority government social and behavioral programs at the National Science Foundation by 45 percent, saving taxpayer dollars and setting a higher priority on the harder sciences. The American people want Washington to be responsible with their money, and when Federal agencies get out of hand, they need to be reined in, and our bill does just that. 
his staff for their hard work and leadership on this bill, and I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting it. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ). 
Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for yielding. 
business school in my district, and when a class from Bentley visited me just a few weeks ago, they were advocating for a critical underpinning of our economy. These students came to discuss the importance of funding the geosciences in the NSF. Why? Because it is good business. 
These students and the business community understand the critical role that geoscience has in disaster resilience, helping us to address drought, looking at solar storms that can cripple our electric grid, impacts on fisheries and ocean health, and in maintaining agriculture and in healthy soil. 
weather like hurricanes, droughts, tornadoes, and landslides result in billions of dollars in damage, and by using what we learn from geoscience, we can identify ways to mitigate these costs and save us money. Business leaders understand this connection, so why doesn’t Congress? 
geoscience research, this legislation specifically targets it for drastic cuts in funding. Climate change is real. Human activity contributes to it, and it is bad for the bottom line. It is irresponsible for us to cut funding for research that helps us understand what is happening and how to address it. 
Adequately funding geoscience research is critical to protecting and growing our economy and to the security of the American people. Let’s vote for our economy, let’s vote for our security, and let’s reject this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, as set forth in the report that accompanied the Science, Space, and Technology Committee approval of the America COMPETES Act, NSF will maintain full funding for research in the hard science areas of geoscience like deepocean drilling and geological research to find new energy resources. What our bill does do is reduce funds that have been used by NSF to fund low priorities like a survey of 
Norwegian tourism, teaching TV meteorologists about climate change, and creating climate change video games. 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), my colleague and the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee. 
today in support of reauthorization of the America COMPETES Act. In this tough budget environment, I applaud Chairman SMITH and the Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee for crafting a bill that provides for much needed investments in scientific research in a fiscally responsible manner. By setting priorities and eliminating duplicative activities, we are actually able to increase funding for new and promising research while keeping overall spending constant. 
This bill is designed to secure America’s premier status in scientific and technological advancement in several ways. First, it improves our STEM education programs by adding computer sciences to the definition of STEM education, which will allow these programs to be used to train the next generation of hightech workers and cybersecurity professionals. As our high tech sector continues to expand in places like my hometown of Austin, it is important to make sure that we are producing enough qualified workers to fill these jobs. 
Second, this bill also helps researchers at our national labs commercialize their discoveries by removing bureaucratic obstacles. This will bring innovative new products to market faster, encouraging job creation and private sector investment. 
Most importantly, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act provides a substantial increase in funding for research activities at the National Science Foundation, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the Department of Energy. This will allow the scientists at our universities, such as the University of Texas, to advance our understanding of the physical world and provide the foundation for future innovations by business and new entrepreneurs. 
I urge strong support of this bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON. Mr. 
Chairman. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. TEDLIEU). 
Chairman, I rise today to oppose the America COMPETES Act in part because it cuts over $62 million of funding to the hard science of studying the effects of climate change. 
a partisan issue. We know that our sea levels have risen by over 6.7 inches in the last century, and they have accelerated in the last decade. Rising sea levels affect not just Democratic districts; it also affects Republican districts. 
we have had, over 20 years, the hottest records in terms of temperatures in recorded history having occurred since 1980. We know that, in 2012, over 19 States broke the hottest records in their States. More extreme weather events and more weather uncertainty affect not just red States and blue States and purple States, it affects all of America. And that is why, last month, former Reagan Secretary of State George Shultz wrote an oped in The Washington Post saying: Climate change is happening. We need to take action on it, and we need to ensure our future against climate change. He called it the Reagan way. He said that is what President Reagan would have done. 
As you know, this America COMPETES Act, the funding for the hard science of the effects of climate change, was put in place under President Bush in 2007. Just today, our President announced what the U.S. military is saying about climate change. 
States Air Force. I am now 19 years in with the Reserves. One of the amazing strengths of America is that our military is nonpartisan, nonideological; and our military takes the world as it is, not as they hope it to be. Our military does not live in a fantasy world, and they understand that climate change is happening. They know it is a national security threat. They are telling the American public we need to act on climate change now because we can’t have flooding of our bases; we can’t have droughts and more severe weather events that cause conflicts in all the parts of the world. 
former Reagan Secretary of State George Shultz, trust President Bush, trust our United States military who are saying climate change is a problem. Keep in mind, our military relies on hard science and technology and all that makes this world possible. So trust our military, and trust everyone who has looked at it. Please reject the America COMPETES Act because we need to deal with climate change. We need to deal with it now. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ), who is a 
member of the Science Committee and also a vice chairman of the Research and Technology Subcommittee. 
the America COMPETES Act is good legislation that will help build a better future for our country. The COMPETES Act expands the definition of STEM education to include computer science. 
Statistics, for every computer science graduate between 2013 and 2023, there will be two jobs available. That is why programs in my district like Go IT, offered free of charge to middle and high school students, are so important to creating career awareness in computer science and other STEM fields. This legislation increases government accountability. It requires the National Science Foundation grants meet a national interest standard and to publicly justify why they should receive taxpayer dollars. Requiring government agencies to prioritize the national interest is common sense. It enhances accountability to the American people. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of the 
America COMPETES Act, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
have no other speakers at this time as well, so I will reserve the balance of my time. 
this bill, and I yield back the balance of time. 
the aisle today would have you believe that the only way you can be pro science is to spend more taxpayer money than the Budget Control Act allows. That is irresponsible. 
If everything is a priority, then nothing is. Real priorities require making real choices. 
is a priority, we should stop using the American people’s tax dollars to fund reviews of animal photographs in National Geographic magazine. If robotics and batteries are priorities, we should not continue to spend taxpayer dollars on climate change musicals. 
H.R. 1806 proves that we can set priorities, make tough choices, and still invest more in breakthrough research and innovation. 
Committee who provided valuable input into H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015; and that includes the cosponsors of the bill: Committee Vice Chairman FRANK  
BRIDENSTINE ; as well as Representatives S TEVE PALAZZO , R ANDY  
between the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Oversight and Government Reform, and Energy and Commerce. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to confirm our mutual understanding with respect 
to H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015. Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 1806 on those matters within the Committee’s jurisdiction. 
consideration of H.R. 1806, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo further consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this procedural route will not be construed to prejudice my Committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my Committee in the future. 
appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be considered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Committee Report on H.R. 1806 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the house Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
letter regarding the Committee on Education and the Workforce’s jurisdictional interest in H.R. 1806, the ‘‘America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’ and your willingness to forego consideration of H.R. 1806 by your committee. 
and the Workforce has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 1806, and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to forego consideration of H.R. 1806. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a HouseSenate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , 
H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015. As you know, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on April 15, 2015. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego action on the bill. 
mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1806 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. 
Finally, I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
letter regarding the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform’s jurisdictional interest in H.R. 1806, the ‘‘America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’ and your willingness to forego consideration of H.R. 1806 by your committee. 
and Government Reform has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 1806, and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to forego consideration of H.R. 1806. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a HouseSenate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
letter regarding the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interest in H.R. 1806, the ‘‘America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’ and your willingness to forego consideration of H.R. 1806 by your committee. 
Commerce has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 1806, and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to forego consideration of H.R. 1806. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a HouseSenate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the 
floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
H.R. 1806, America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015. As you are aware, the bill was referred to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, but the Committee on Energy and Commerce has a jurisdictional interest in the bill. I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo requesting a sequential referral on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 1806 and requests your support when such a request is made. 
I would appreciate your response confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1806 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chair, I would like to submit for the R ECORD my strong opposition to 
H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
This harmful bill undermines key investments in science and innovation, as well as our nation’s commitment to world class research, including the research that is taking place in my congressional district on the Central Coast of California. 
programs at NSF, including research and development related to climate science, natural hazards, and renewable energy. 
international research collaborations—an instrumental tool at UC Santa Barbara, which has led to groundbreaking research and produced multiple Nobel Prize winners. 
As we move to affirm our nation’s leadership in science and technology, we should be working in a bipartisan manner to strengthen our investments in scientific research—not weaken them. 
This bill is sadly a step backward for American innovation, and I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 1806. 
In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, printed in the bill, it shall 
bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–15. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
means the Committee on Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Education established under section 101 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621). 
appropriated to the Foundation $7,597,140,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
(ii) $1,050,000,000 for the Computer and Information Science and Engineering Directorate; 
and Economics Directorate, of which $50,000,000 shall be for the National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics; 
appropriated to the Foundation $7,597,140,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
(ii) $1,050,000,000 for the Computer and Information Science and Engineering Directorate; 
and Economics Directorate, of which $50,000,000 shall be for the National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics; 
administered by the Foundation should serve the national interest. 
investment in our Nation’s future security and economic prosperity. 
investments in basic research in the physical sciences in order to boost longterm economic growth. 
supercomputing, genomics, nanoscience, photonics, quantum physics, and other key technological areas is jeopardized if United States investments in basic research in the natural sciences do not keep pace. 
functions by supporting basic research in all science and engineering disciplines and in supporting STEM education at all levels. 
the Foundation promote the discovery, integration, dissemination, and application of new knowledge in service to society and prepare future generations of scientists, mathematicians, and engineers who will be necessary to ensure America’s leadership in the global marketplace. 
standards of efficiency, transparency, and accountability in its stewardship of public funds. 
national policy for the promotion of basic research and education in the sciences; 
research activities in connection with matters relating to the national defense, at the request of the Secretary of Defense; 
undertaken by agencies of the Federal Government, and to correlate the Foundation’s scientific research with that undertaken by individuals and by public and private research groups; 
citizens the relevance of public investments in scientific discovery and technological innovation to the Nation’s security, prosperity, and welfare; and 
and technical environment challenges long standing assumptions about domestic and international policy, requiring the Foundation to play a more proactive role in sustaining the competitive advantage of the United States through superior research capabilities. 
this title, the Foundation shall have the following policy objectives: 
basic scientific research and increasing interdisciplinary investment in strategic areas vital to the national interest; 
among the life sciences, mathematics, the physical sciences, computer and information science, geosciences, engineering, and social, behavioral, and economic sciences, all of which are important for the continued development of enabling technologies necessary for sustained economic competitiveness; 
transformative scientific research to benefit our Nation and its citizens; 
and tools provided both inside and outside of the classroom, including in kindergarten through grade 12; and 
the focus of competitiveness and innovation at the regional and local level. 
means the National Science Foundation established under section 2 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861). 
the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, or any other territory or possession of the United States. 
means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any other territory or possession of the United States. 
essential to United States leadership in science and technology; 
in investments in basic research are essential to public support for sustained, predictable Federal funding; and 
to transparency and accountability and to clear, consistent public communication regarding the national interest for each Foundation awarded grant and cooperative agreement. 
public engagement with science and technology in the United States; 
No funds may be obligated for a fiscal year for 
shall maintain a Large Facilities Office within the Office of the Director. The functions of the Large Facilities Office shall be to support the research directorates in the development, implementation, and assessment of major multiuser research facilities, including by— 
project management, including providing expert assistance on nonscientific and nontechnical aspects of project planning, budgeting, implementation, management, and oversight; 
and operation of major multiuser research facilities across the Foundation; 
Board for approval and oversight of major multiuser research facilities; and 
necessary Foundation policies and guidelines for the development and construction of major multiuser research facilities. 
that the Foundation’s policies for developing and managing major multiuser research facility construction costs are consistent with the best practices described in the March 2009 Government Accountability Office Report GAO093SP, or any successor report thereto. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to Congress the results of a study and a report reforming the Foundation’s policies 
on financial management of major multiuser research facilities, including a description of any aspects of the policies that diverge from the best practices recommended in Government Accountability Office Report GAO093SP and the Uniform Guidance in 2 C.F.R. Part 200. 
‘‘management fee’’ means a portion of an award made by the Foundation for the purpose of covering ordinary and necessary business expenses necessary to maintain operational stability which are not otherwise allowable under Cost Principles Uniform Guidance in 2 C.F.R. part 200, Subpart E, , or any successor regulation thereto. 
shall require awardees to track and report to the Foundation annually all expenses reimbursed or otherwise paid for with management fee funds, in accordance with Federal accounting practices as established in Government Accountability Office Report GAO12331G, or any successor report thereto. 
Foundation may audit any Foundation award for compliance with this paragraph. 
(ii) alcoholic beverages; (iii) tickets to concerts, or sporting and other 
(viii) luxury or personal items; (ix) lobbying, as described in the Uniform 
management fee usage under each Foundation award on at least an annual basis for compliance with this paragraph and the Foundation’s Large Facilities Manual. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to Congress a report describing the Foundation’s policies for developing and managing major multiuser research facility construction costs, including a description of any aspects of the policies that diverge from the best practices recommended in Government Accountability Office Report GAO093SP, or any successor report thereto, and the Uniform Guidance in 2 C.F.R. part 200. 
subject to section 4712 of title 41, United States Code. 
Congress that the essential elements of the NSF Research Traineeship Program, formerly the Integrative Graduate Education and Research Traineeship program, (or any successor thereto) should be maintained, including— 
enter into an agreement with the National Research Council to convene a workshop or roundtable to examine models of Federal support for STEM graduate students, including the Foundation’s Graduate Research Fellowship program and comparable fellowship programs at other agencies, traineeship programs, and the research assistant model. 
roundtable shall be to compare and evaluate the extent to which each of these models helps to prepare graduate students for diverse careers utilizing STEM degrees, including at diverse types of institutions of higher education, in industry, and at government agencies and research laboratories, and to make recommendations regarding— 
including programs and models at the Foundation, can be improved; 
programs and models, the workshop or roundtable participants shall consider the capacity of such programs or models to provide students with knowledge and skills— 
date of enactment of this Act, the National Research Council shall submit to Congress a summary report of the findings and recommendations of the workshop or roundtable convened under this section. 
Resources Directorate to support informal education may be used— 
instructional leaders who are involved in assisting students and preparing students for such competitions, if such activities fall outside the regular duties and responsibilities of such teachers and instructional leaders; and 
school students’ access to, and interest in, careers that require academic preparation in STEM subjects. 
Education and Human Resources (or any successor thereto), under existing programs targeting broadening participation, the Director shall provide grants on a meritreviewed, competitive basis for research on programming that engages underrepresented students in grades kindergarten through 8 in STEM. 
section shall be used for research to advance the engagement of underrepresented students in grades kindergarten through 8 in STEM through the development and implementation of innovative beforeschool, afterschool, outof school, or summer activities, including programs (if applicable to the target population) provided in a singlegender environment, that are designed to encourage interest, engagement, and skills development of underrepresented students in STEM. Such research shall be conducted in learning environments that actively provide programming to underrepresented students in grades kindergarten through 8 in STEM. 
models in the fields of STEM, including researchers in the National Laboratories, and nearpeer mentors; 
and youthserving professionals using evidence based methods consistent with the target student population being served; 
and significance of STEM careers, provision of academic advice and assistance, and activities designed to help students make realworld connections to STEM content activities; 
at events, competitions, and academic programs to provide content expertise and encourage career exposure in STEM; 
may inform programming that engages underrepresented students in grades kindergarten through 8 in STEM. 
may inform programming that promotes student academic achievement in STEM. 
minimum, the use of outcomeoriented measures to determine the impact and efficacy of activities being researched. 
section, the Director shall give priority to applicants which, for the purpose of grant activity, include or partner with a nonprofit, nongovernmental organization that has extensive experience and expertise in increasing the participation of underrepresented students in STEM. 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall evaluate the grants provided under this section. In addition to evaluating the effectiveness of the grant activities, such evaluation shall— 
and legislative action that could optimize the effectiveness of the program. 
the education programs of the Foundation that are in operation as of the date of enactment of this Act to determine— 
target groups, services provided, fields of focus, or objectives; and 
date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter as part of the annual budget submission to Congress, the Director shall complete a report on the review carried out under this section and shall submit the report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and shall make the report widely available to the public. 
and award proposals is a hallmark of the Foundation grant and award making process; 
user research facilities have transitioned to five year cooperative agreements, and every five years the program officer responsible for the facility makes a recommendation to the National Science Board as to the renewal, recompetition, or termination of support for the facility; and 
awards is based on the conviction that competition is most likely to ensure the effective stewardship of Foundation funds for supporting research and education. 
pipeline, many industry sectors are becoming involved in K12 initiatives and supporting undergraduate and graduate work in STEM subject areas and fields; 
STEM focused competitions, and other opportunities have become important aspects of private sector efforts to strengthen the STEM workforce; 
organizations are undertaking in STEM fields should inform the Federal Government’s role in STEM education; and 
as reflected by measurements of relevant outcomes, should be encouraged and supported by the Foundation. 
publicly available any finding that research misconduct (as defined in 45 C.F.R. 689) has been committed, including the name of the principal investigator, within 30 days of the final administration action of the Foundation. 
ability of a researcher or research lab to reproduce a published method and finding; 
complexity of scientific research may be a contributing factor to issues with research reproducibility and replication. 
agreement or disagreement of the Director and Board with each of its findings and recommendations. 
application for a research grant awarded by the Foundation a list of all Federal research funding received by the principal investigator, as well as any funding that is being requested as of that time; 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall transmit to the Congress a report detailing the results of a study on the use of scientific computing resources funded by the Foundation at institutions of higher education. Such study shall assess— 
shared scientific computing resources for projects that have similar scientific computing requirements or projects where specialized software solutions could be shared with other practitioners in the scientific community; 
shared hardware that can be cost effectively procured from cloud computing services; 
shared software from an open source repository or platform; and 
The Director shall place a high priority on designing and administering pilot programs for scientific breakthrough prizes, in conjunction with private entities, that are consistent with Office of Science and Technology Policy guidelines. Breakthrough prizes shall center around technological breakthroughs that are of strategic importance to the Nation, and have the capacity to spur new economic growth. 
In order to control the costs to the Foundation 
of individuals employed pursuant to the Intergovernmental Personnel Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4701 note)— 
written justification and waiver by the Deputy Director in instances in which such an individual is to be paid at a rate that exceeds the maximum rate of pay for the Senior Executive Service, including, if applicable, adjustment for the certified Senior Executive Service Performance Appraisal System; 
written justification and waiver by the Director in instances in which such an individual is to be paid at a rate that exceeds the annual salary rate of the Vice President of the United States; and 
Corps) was established to foster a national innovation ecosystem by encouraging institutions, scientists, engineers, and entrepreneurs to identify and explore the innovation and commercial potential of Foundationfunded research well beyond the laboratory; 
educators, mentors, institutions, and collaborations, and supporting specialized education and training, ICorps is at the leading edge of a strong, lasting foundation for an American innovation ecosystem. 
The Foundation shall support research activities related to the Brain Research through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnologies Initiative. The Foundation is encouraged to work in conjunction with the Interagency Working Group on Neuroscience (IWGN) to determine how to use the data infrastructure of the Foundation and other applicable agencies to help neuroscientists collect, standardize, manage, and analyze the large amounts of data that will result from research attempting to understand how the brain functions. 
master’s degree and leadership training to prepare individuals to become master teachers in elementary and secondary schools; and 
outofschool STEM learning and emerging STEM learning environments in order to improve STEM learning outcomes and engagement in STEM; and 
grants under this section may encompass a single STEM discipline, multiple STEM disciplines, or integrative STEM initiatives and shall include— 
our understanding of learning and engagement in informal environments, including the role of informal environments in broadening participation in STEM; and 
learning models, programs, and other resources for informal learning environments to improve STEM learning outcomes and increase engagement for K12 students, K12 teachers, and the general public, including design and testing of the scalability of models, programs, and other resources. 
robust Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research (EPSCoR). The EPSCoR program helps ensure that academic research institutions in more than half the States develop a strong research infrastructure and participate fully in federally funded research activities. The program should be a high priority for the Foundation. 
Science and Engineering Indicators, the science and engineering workforce has shown sustained growth for more than half a century, and workers with science and engineering degrees tend to earn more than comparable workers in other fields. 
Student Assessment 2012 results, America lags behind many other nations in STEM education. American students rank 21st in science and 26th in mathematics. 
decrease of 25 percent in the percentage of teenage students interested in STEM careers. 
billion annually on STEM education related program and activities, but encouraging STEM education activities beyond the scope of the Federal Government, including privately sponsored competitions and programs in our schools, is crucial to the future technical and economic competitiveness of the United States. 
of performance measurement based on objective outcomes for federally supported STEM programs is needed; 
may require program consolidations and terminations, but such changes should be based on evidence with stakeholder input; 
the President, the Committee on STEM Education, and the STEM Education Coordinating Office established under section 204 on matters relating to STEM education, and shall each year provide general guidance to every Federal agency with STEM education programs or activities, including in the preparation of requests for appropriations for activities related to STEM education. The Advisory Panel shall also assess and develop recommendations for— 
Federal agencies to evaluate the effectiveness of Federal STEM education programs and activities; 
STEM investments and encourage publicprivate partnerships to strengthen STEM education and help build the STEM workforce pipeline; 
Federal STEM education programs, particularly for specific fields of national interest and areas experiencing high unemployment rates; 
integrate Federal STEM programs and activities from preK through graduate study and the workforce, and from inschool to outofschool in order to improve transitions for students moving through the STEM pipeline; 
are adequately addressed by current Federal STEM education programs and activities; 
Panel, while attending meetings of the Advisory Panel or while otherwise serving at the request of the head of the Advisory Panel away from their homes or regular places of business, may be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for individuals in the Government serving without pay. Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit members of the Advisory Panel who are officers or employees of the United States from being allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with existing law. 
Section 101 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621) is amended— 
Advisory Panel established under section 202 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015 and other outside stakeholders to ensure the engagement of the STEM education community; 
on Federal STEM education programs and activities, as appropriate, to stakeholders in academia, industry, nonprofit organizations with expertise in STEM education, State and local educational agencies, and other STEM stakeholders. 
terminations of STEM education programs or activities in the upcoming fiscal year; 
grown as Federal research agencies have continued to impose agencyunique compliance and reporting requirements on researchers and research institutions; 
so that a higher proportion of taxpayer dollars flow into direct research activities. 
Science and Technology Policy shall establish a working group under the authority of the National Science and Technology Council, to include the Office of Management and Budget. The working group shall be responsible for reviewing Federal regulations affecting research and research universities and making recommendations on how to— 
States institutions of higher education performing federally funded research while maintaining accountability for Federal tax dollars; and 
refocus on performancebased goals rather than on process while still meeting the desired outcome. 
aligning, as appropriate, international science and technology cooperative research and training activities and partnerships supported or managed by Federal agencies with the foreign policy goals of the United States; 
and recommendations from nonFederal science and technology stakeholders, including universities, scientific and professional societies, industry, and relevant organizations and institutions; and 
ability of United States scientists and engineers to collaborate with foreign counterparts, including barriers to collaboration and access to scientific information. 
the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit a report, to be updated every 2 years, to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. The report shall also be made available to the public on the reporting agency’s website. The report shall contain a description of— 
received, as well as summary views of stakeholder input; and 
States scientists and engineers to collaborate with foreign counterparts. 
Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, a report that lists and describes all foreign travel by Office of Science and Technology Policy staff and detailees. Each report shall specify the dates of each trip, the purpose of the trip, Office of Science and Technology Policy participants on the trip, total Office of Science and Technology Policy costs associated with the trip, and details of all international meetings, including meeting participants and topics addressed. 
of Federal science agencies, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, shall conduct appropriate pilot programs to validate alternative research funding models, including— 
that are of strategic importance to the Nation and have the capacity to spur new economic growth; and 
may be conducted under this section through an agreement, grant, or contractual relationship with a nonFederal entity regarding the design, administration, and funding of the program. 
total purse of $10,000 or more, or for an aggregate of prize competitions with a total purse of $50,000 or more, shall be required to disclose all personal financial interests. 
science agencies shall widely advertise prize competitions to be conducted under this section to ensure maximum participation. 
Section 24 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) is amended— 
inserting ‘‘on a publicly accessible Government website, such as www.challenge.gov,’’; and 
enter into’’ and inserting ‘‘a grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or other agreement with a private sector forprofit or nonprofit entity to administer the prize competition, subject to the provisions of this section.’’; 
prizes’’ both places it occurs and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; and 
Title II of the National Science and Technology Policy, Organization, and Priorities Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6611 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
may appoint a United States Chief Technology Officer. Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, such officer shall be one of the Associate Directors of the Office of Science and Technology Policy. 
of the Office of Science and Technology Policy on Federal information systems, technology, data, and innovation policies and initiatives; 
consumer privacy, including whether each website provides prominent notice to consumers about the presence of the tool and whether the consumer may optout of the tool; 
the President and Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy may assign. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall enter into an arrangement with the National Research Council to conduct and complete a study to identify and review technologies employed at institutions of higher education to provide notifications to students, faculty, and other personnel during emergency situations in accordance with the requirements of existing law. The study shall address— 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $933,700,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2016. 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $933,700,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2017. 
Section 2 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272) is amended— 
striking ‘‘authorized to take’’ and inserting ‘‘authorized to serve as the President’s principal adviser on standards policy pertaining to the Nation’s technological competitiveness and innovation ability and to take’’; 
standards’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Federal Government’’ and inserting ‘‘facilitate standardsrelated information sharing and cooperation between Federal agencies’’; and 
State, and local’’ and all that follows through ‘‘private sector’’ and inserting ‘‘technical standards activities and conformity assessment activities of Federal, State, and local governments with private sector’’; and 
science and technology research in partnership with institutions of higher education and industry to promote United States industrial competitiveness; and’’. 
Section 10 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278) is amended— 
Committee may consult with the National Research Council in making recommendations regarding general policy for the Institute.’’; and 
Section 15 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278e) is amended— 
Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 271 et seq.) is amended by striking sections 18, 19, and 19A and inserting the following: 
promote, and coordinate activities and efforts to enhance public awareness and understanding of 
measurement sciences, standards, and technology by the general public, industry, and academia in support of the Institute’s mission. 
research fellowships and other forms of financial and logistical assistance, including direct stipend awards, to— 
persons to receive such fellowships and assistance on the basis of ability and of the relevance of the proposed work to the mission and programs of the Institute. 
subsection, financial and logistical assistance includes, notwithstanding section 1345 of title 31, United States Code, or any contrary provision of law, temporary housing and local transportation to and from the Institute facilities. 
The Director shall establish and conduct a post doctoral fellowship program, subject to the availability of appropriations, that shall include not fewer than 20 fellows per fiscal year. In evaluating applications for fellowships under this subsection, the Director shall give consideration to the goal of promoting the participation of underrepresented students in research areas supported by the Institute.’’. 
enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall enter into a contract with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a single, comprehensive review of the Institute’s laboratory programs. The review shall— 
the 2010 laboratory reorganization on the Institute’s ability to fulfill its mission; 
development activities are planned, coordinated, and executed across the laboratories; and 
industry, including the incorporation of industry need, into the research goals and objectives of the Institute. 
the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278j) is amended to read as follows: 
ONADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .—The National Research Council may consult with the Visiting Committee on Advanced Technology established under section 10 in performing the assessments under this section. 
the completion of each assessment, the Institute shall transmit the report on such assessment to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate.’’. 
Section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) is amended to read as follows: 
Director and, if appropriate, through other officials, shall provide assistance for the creation and support of manufacturing extension centers, to be known as the ‘Hollings Manufacturing Extension Centers’, for the transfer of manufacturing technology and best business practices (in this Act referred to as the ‘Centers’). The program under this section shall be known as the ‘Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership’. 
is to enhance competitiveness, productivity, and technological performance in United States manufacturing through— 
expertise and capability that exists in Federal laboratories other than the Institute; 
area career and technical education schools of information about the job skills needed in small and mediumsized manufacturing businesses in the regions they serve; and 
systems offered through industry, associations, and local colleges, when appropriate. 
research findings and Center expertise to a wide range of companies and enterprises, particularly 
partnerships between small and mediumsized manufacturing companies and community colleges and area career and technical education schools to help such colleges and schools better understand the specific needs of manufacturers and to help manufacturers better understand the skill sets that students learn in the programs offered by such colleges and schools. 
or consortium thereof, or State or local government, may submit to the Secretary an application for financial support under this section, in accordance with the procedures established by the Secretary. 
meeting the 50 percent requirement, it is anticipated that a Center will enter into agreements with other entities such as private industry, institutions of higher education, and State governments to accomplish programmatic objectives and access new and existing resources that will further the impact of the Federal investment made on behalf of small and mediumsized manufacturing companies. 
financial assistance under this section shall be evaluated during its third year of operation by an evaluation panel appointed by the Secretary. 
panel shall be composed of private experts, none of whom shall be connected with the involved Center, and Federal officials. 
is positive, the Secretary may provide continued funding through the sixth year. 
provide funding unless the Center has received a positive evaluation. A Center that has not received a positive evaluation by the evaluation panel shall be notified by the panel of the deficiencies in its performance and shall be placed on probation for one year, after which time the panel shall reevaluate the Center. If the Center has not addressed the deficiencies identified by the panel, or shown a significant improvement in its performance, the Director shall conduct a new competition to select an operator for the Center or may close the Center. 
the sixth year, a Center may receive additional financial support under this section if it has received a positive evaluation through an independent review, under procedures established by the Institute. 
date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Director shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a plan as to how the Institute will conduct reviews, assessments, and reapplication competitions under this paragraph. 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Director shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report providing information on the first and second years of operations for centers operating from new competitions or recompetition as compared to longstanding centers. The report shall provide detail on the engagement in services provided by Centers and the characteristics of services provided, including volume and type of services, so that the Committees can evaluate whether the costsharing ratio has an effect on the services provided at Centers. 
United States Code, shall apply to the following information obtained by the Federal Government on a confidential basis in connection with the activities of any participant involved in the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership: 
any participant in a Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership program or of a client of a Center. 
within the Institute a Manufacturing Extension Partnership Advisory Board (in this subsection referred to as the ‘MEP Advisory Board’). 
shall consist of not fewer than 10 members broadly representative of stakeholders, to be appointed by the Director. At least 2 members shall be employed by or on an advisory board for the Centers, at least 1 member shall represent a community college, and at least 5 other members shall be from United States small businesses in the manufacturing sector. No member shall be an employee of the Federal Government. 
fill a vacancy occurring prior to the expiration of the term for which his predecessor was appointed shall be appointed for the remainder of such term. 
shall meet not less than 2 times annually and shall provide to the Director— 
under this subsection, the MEP Advisory Board shall function solely in an advisory capacity, in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act. 
Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the MEP Advisory Board. 
awards under this subsection shall be the Centers, or a consortium of such Centers. 
under this subsection is to add capabilities to the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, including the development of projects to solve new or emerging manufacturing problems as determined by the Director, in consultation with the Director of the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership program, the MEP Advisory Board, and small and mediumsized manufacturers. One or more themes for the competition may be identified, which may vary from year to year, depending on the needs of manufacturers and the success of previous competitions. Centers may be reimbursed for costs incurred under the program. 
under this subsection shall be submitted in such manner, at such time, and containing such information as the Director shall require, in consultation with the MEP Advisory Board. 
in the region in which the Center or Centers are located; 
awards under this subsection shall not be required to provide a matching contribution. 
making awards under this subsection, the Director, in consultation with the MEP Advisory Board and the Secretary, may take into consideration whether an application has significant potential for enhancing the competitiveness of small and mediumsized United States manufacturers in the global marketplace. 
small manufacturers that prevent such manufacturers from effectively competing in the global market; 
Section 28 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278n) is amended— 
research between the United States and Israel advance technology development, innovation, and commercialization leading to growth in various sectors, including manufacturing, and creating benefits for both nations; 
carried out through government organizations like the National Institute of Standards and Technology support these efforts; 
and Israel that further the basic scientific enterprise should be encouraged; and 
Technology should continue to facilitate scientific collaborations between Israel and United States’ technical agencies working in measurement science and standardization. 
Section 209 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Science shall be the delivery of scientific discoveries, capabilities, and major scientific tools to transform the understanding of nature and to advance the energy, economic, and national security of the United States. In support of this mission, the Director shall carry out programs on basic energy sciences, advanced scientific computing research, high energy physics, biological and environmental research, fusion energy sciences, and nuclear physics, including as provided under subtitle A of title V of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, through activities focused on— 
Earth’s climate through research in atmospheric and environmental sciences; and 
for Science and Energy shall ensure the coordination of Office of Science activities and programs with other activities of the Department.’’. 
program in basic energy sciences, including materials sciences and engineering, chemical sciences, physical biosciences, and geosciences, for the purpose of providing the scientific foundations for new energy technologies. 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the Director shall prepare, in consultation with relevant stakeholders, and submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a light source leadership strategy that— 
for the development, construction, and operation of light sources over the next decade; 
source user facilities and describes plans for United States cooperation in such projects. 
the strategy, including a review of the most recent budget request for the initiative. 
transmit annually to Congress a proposed budget corresponding to the activities identified in the strategy. 
and development on advanced accelerator and storage ring technologies relevant to the development of Basic Energy Sciences user facilities, in consultation with the Office of Science’s High Energy Physics and Nuclear Physics programs. 
a program to provide awards, on a competitive, meritreviewed basis, to multiinstitutional collaborations or other appropriate entities to conduct fundamental and useinspired energy research to accelerate scientific breakthroughs. 
subsection shall be selected for a period of 5 years. An Energy Frontier Research Center already in existence and supported by the Director on the date of enactment of this Act may continue to receive support for a period of 5 years beginning on the date of establishment of that center. 
research, development, and demonstration program to advance computational and networking capabilities to analyze, model, simulate, and predict complex phenomena relevant to the development of new energy technologies and the competitiveness of the United States. 
the joint development of application algorithms, models, and codes with computer technology architectures and operating systems to maximize effective use of highend computing systems. 
computing system performance at or near 10 to the 18th power floating point operations per second. 
‘highend computing system’ means a computing system with performance that substantially exceeds that of systems that are commonly available for advanced scientific and engineering applications. 
term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). 
HighEnd Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5542) is amended— 
and all that follows through ‘‘architectures’’ and inserting ‘‘computer technologies that show promise of substantial reductions in power requirements and substantial gains in parallelism of multicore processors, concurrency, memory and storage, bandwidth, and reliability’’; and 
through competitive merit review, establish two or more National Laboratoryindustryuniversity partnerships to conduct integrated research, development, and engineering of multiple exascale architectures, and— 
and software technology required to fully realize the potential of an exascale production system in addressing Department target applications and solving scientific problems involving predictive modeling and simulation and large scale data analytics and management; and 
technologies to advance a broad range of science and engineering. 
basis, access for researchers in United States industry, institutions of higher education, National Laboratories, and other Federal agencies to these exascale systems, as appropriate; and 
the readiness for the use of such platforms by domestic industries, including manufacturers. 
to Congress, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, a report outlining an integrated strategy and program management plan, including target dates for prototypical and production exascale platforms, interim milestones to reaching these targets, functional requirements, roles and responsibilities of National Laboratories and industry, acquisition strategy, and estimated resources required, to achieve this exascale system capability. The report shall include the Secretary’s plan for Departmental organization to manage and execute the Exascale Computing Program, including definition of the roles and responsibilities within the Department to ensure an integrated program across the Department. The report shall also include a plan for ensuring balance and prioritizing across ASCR subprograms in a flat or slowgrowth budget environment. 
budget submission of the Department for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress that describes the status of milestones and costs in achieving the objectives of the exascale computing program. 
months prior to the initiation of construction or installation of any exascaleclass computing facility, the Secretary shall transmit a plan to the Congress detailing— 
and capabilities to significantly accelerate the development of new energy technologies; 
be overcome to achieve successful completion and operation of the facility; and 
‘‘(iii) an independent assessment of the scientific and technological advances expected from such a facility relative to those expected from a comparable investment in expanded research and applications at terascaleclass and petascaleclass computing facilities, including an evaluation of where investments should be made in the system software and algorithms to enable these advances.’’. 
research program on the fundamental constituents of matter and energy and the nature of space and time. 
hosted research projects that will maintain the United States position as a global leader in particle physics and attract the world’s most talented physicists and foreign investment for international collaboration; and 
hosting international teams dedicated to a common scientific goal attract the world’s best talent and inspire future generations of physicists and technologists. 
and development in advanced accelerator concepts and technologies, including laser technologies, to reduce the necessary scope and cost for the next generation of particle accelerators. The Director shall ensure access to national laboratory accelerator facilities, infrastructure, and technology for users and developers of accelerators that advance applications in energy 
and the environment, medicine, industry, national security, and discovery science. 
program of research, development, and demonstration in the areas of biological systems science and climate and environmental science to support the energy and environmental missions of the Department. 
section, the Director shall prioritize fundamental research on biological systems and genomics science with the greatest potential to enable scientific discovery. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a report to Congress identifying climate sciencerelated initiatives under this section that overlap or duplicate initiatives of other Federal agencies and the extent of such overlap or duplication. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall enter into an agreement with the National Academies to conduct a study assessing the current status and development of a longterm strategy for low dose radiation research. Such study shall be completed not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. The study shall be conducted in coordination with Federal agencies that perform ionizing radiation effects research and shall leverage the most current studies in this field. Such study shall— 
future of lowdose radiation research in the United States; 
prioritized research agenda to address scientific research goals for overcoming the identified scientific challenges in coordination with other research efforts; 
and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a 5year research plan that responds to the study’s findings and recommendations and identifies and prioritizes research needs. 
‘‘low dose radiation’’ means a radiation dose of less than 100 millisieverts. 
fusion energy sciences research program to expand the fundamental understanding of plasmas and matter at very high temperatures and densities and to build the scientific foundation necessary to enable fusion power. 
section 978 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16318)— 
new facility that substantially addresses magnetic fusion and next generation fission materials research needs is feasible, in conjunction with the expected capabilities of facilities operational as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report providing an assessment of— 
ITER Director General toward implementation of the recommendations of the Third Biennial International Organization Management Assessment Report. 
Section 33 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2053) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this section, with respect to international research projects, the term ‘private facilities or laboratories’ shall refer to facilities or laboratories located in the United States.’’. 
Congress that the United States should support a robust, diverse fusion program. It is further the sense of Congress that developing the scientific basis for fusion, providing research results key to the success of ITER, and training the next generation of fusion scientists are of critical importance to the United States and should in no way be diminished by participation of the United States in the ITER project. 
carry out a program of research and technology development in inertial fusion for energy applications, including ion beam, laser, and pulsed 
with fusion plasma interactions with the inner wall of the encasing device; 
Secretary and the Director shall coordinate with the Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy (in this paragraph referred to as ‘‘ARPA–E’’) to— 
project supported by ARPA–E to represent a promising approach to a commercially viable fusion power plant; 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to Congress an assessment of opportunities in which the United States can provide world leading contributions to advancing plasma science and nonfusion energy applications, and identify opportunities for partnering with other Federal agencies both within and outside of the Department of Energy. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a report on the Department’s proposed fusion energy research and development activities over the following 10 years under at least 3 realistic budget scenarios, including a scenario based on 3 percent annual growth in the nonITER portion of the budget for fusion energy research and development activities. The report shall— 
construction and facility decommissioning under each of those scenarios; and 
program of experimental and theoretical research, and support associated facilities, to discover, explore, and understand all forms of nuclear matter. 
shall carry out a program for the production of isotopes, including the development of techniques to produce isotopes, that the Secretary determines are needed for research, medical, industrial, or other purposes. In making this determination, the Secretary shall— 
United States since the publication in 1965 of Federal Register notice 30 Fed. Reg. 3247, isotope production activities do not compete with private industry unless critical national interests necessitate the Federal Government’s involvement; 
to this section, to the extent practicable, promote the growth of a robust domestic isotope production industry; and 
made by Federal advisory committees, the National Academies, and interagency working groups in which the Department participates. 
program to improve the safety, efficiency, and mission readiness of infrastructure at Office of Science laboratories. The program shall include projects to— 
the Director shall utilize all available approaches and mechanisms, including capital line items, minor construction projects, energy savings performance contracts, utility energy service contracts, alternative financing, and expense funding, as appropriate. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on the current ability of domestic manufacturers to meet the procurement requirements for major ongoing projects funded by the Office of Science of the Department, including a calculation of the percentage of equipment acquired from domestic manufacturers for this purpose. 
to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Office of Science for fiscal year 2016 $5,339,800,000, of which— 
to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Office of Science for fiscal year 2017 $5,339,800,000, of which— 
Secretary for Science and Energy, utilize the capabilities of the Department to identify strategic opportunities for collaborative research, development, demonstration, and commercial application of innovative science and technologies for— 
evaluation, and technical assessment framework for setting objective, longterm strategic goals and evaluating progress that ensures the integrity and independence to insulate planning from political influence and the flexibility to adapt to market dynamics; 
in a manner that does not duplicate other activities within the Department or other Federal Government activities; and 
Section 994 of Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 
issues and research questions that span more than one program or major office of the Department; 
the Department are coordinating their activities, and addressing those questions; 
within the Department, particularly between the Office of Science and the applied technology programs, can be enhanced, including limited ways in which the research agendas of the Office of Science and the applied programs can better interact and assist each other; 
ensure that the Department’s overall research agenda include, in addition to fundamental, curiositydriven research, fundamental research related to topics of concern to the applied programs, and applications in Departmental technology programs of research results generated by fundamental, curiositydriven research; 
to the States, industry, nongovernmental organizations, institutions of higher education, or other stakeholders. 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16357) is amended— 
item relating to section 993 in the table of contents of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended to read as follows: 
Section 921 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
out programs of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application on distributed energy resources and systems reliability and efficiency, to improve the reliability and efficiency of distributed energy resources and systems, integrating advanced energy technologies with grid connectivity, including activities described in this subtitle. The programs shall address advanced energy technologies and systems and advanced grid security, resiliency, and reliability technologies. 
throughout the Department to promote collaboration and crosscutting approaches; 
manner that does not duplicate other activities within the Department or other Federal Government activities; and 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16215) is amended— 
a comprehensive research, development, and demonstration program to ensure the reliability, efficiency, and environmental integrity of electrical transmission and distribution systems, which shall include innovations for— 
systems to deliver highquality electric power, electric power reliability, and combined heat and power; 
throughout the Department to promote collaboration and crosscutting approaches; 
manner that does not duplicate other activities within the Department or other Federal Government activities; and 
item relating to section 925 in the table of contents of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended to read as follows: 
Section 951 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
areas that industry by itself is not likely to undertake because of technical and financial uncertainty. 
and multidisciplinary teams of researchers to pioneer new approaches in nuclear energy, science, and technology. 
appropriate activities to assist the nuclear energy industry, and other users of nuclear science and engineering, including activities addressing reliability, availability, productivity, component aging, safety, and security of nuclear power plants. 
and processes to meet Federal and State requirements and standards for nuclear power systems.’’; 
Section 951 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16271) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
Section 952 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
out a program of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application to advance nuclear power systems as well as technologies to sustain currently deployed systems. 
improved safety compared to reactors in operation as of the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015; 
appropriated to carry out the activities described in this subsection shall be used to fund the activities authorized under sections 641 through 645.’’. 
Section 952 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16272) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
out a small modular reactor program to promote research, development, demonstration, and commercial application of small modular reactors, including through costshared projects for commercial application of reactor systems designs. 
also include development of advanced computer modeling and simulation tools, by Federal and nonFederal entities, which demonstrate and validate new design capabilities of innovative small modular reactor designs. 
subsection, the term ‘small modular reactor’ means a nuclear reactor meeting generally accepted industry standards— 
factory assembled and shipped as modules to a reactor plant site for assembly; and 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16273) is amended— 
potential research benefits of a fast test reactor user facility to conduct experiments on fuels and materials related to fuel forms and fuel cycles that will increase fuel utilization, reduce proliferation risks, and reduce nuclear waste products. 
other technology or initiative that the Secretary determines is likely to advance the objectives of the program. 
process flow sheets for advanced nuclear fuel recycling processes. 
concepts or transmutation technologies that improve resource utilization or reduce the radiotoxicity of waste streams. 
treatment processes and separations technologies, advanced waste forms, and quantification of proliferation risks. 
experimental facilities necessary to successfully implement the advanced fuel cycle initiative. 
Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
including multiphysics, multidimensional modeling simulation for nuclear energy systems, and continued development of advanced modeling simulation capabilities through national laboratory, industry, and university partnerships for operations and safety performance improvements of light water reactors for currently deployed and nearterm reactors and advanced reactors and for the development of small modular reactors; and 
part of the annual budget submission of the Department, a report on the activities of the program conducted under this section, which shall include a brief evaluation of each activity’s progress.’’. 
contents of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by adding at the end of the items for subtitle E of title IX the following new item: 
Institute of Standards and Technology shall establish a nuclear energy standards committee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘technical standards committee’’) to facilitate and support, consistent with the National Technology Transfer and Advancement Act of 1995, the development or revision of technical standards for new and existing nuclear power plants and advanced nuclear technologies. 
committee shall include representatives from appropriate Federal agencies and the private sector, and be open to materially affected organizations involved in the development or application of nuclear energyrelated standards. 
evaluate the technical standards that are needed to support nuclear energy, including those needed to support new and existing nuclear 
power plants and advanced nuclear technologies, including developing the technical basis for regulatory frameworks for advanced reactors; 
the extent provided for in advance by appropriations Acts, the Secretary may transfer to the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology not to exceed $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 for the Secretary of Commerce to carry out this section from amounts appropriated for nuclear energy research and development within the Nuclear Energy Enabling Technologies account for the Department. 
nonFederal user facilities receiving Federal funds that may be used for unclassified nuclear energy research. The Secretary shall make this database accessible on the Department’s website. 
of current law, the Department shall be responsible for disposal of highlevel radioactive waste or spent nuclear fuel generated by reactors under the programs authorized in this subtitle, or the amendments made by this subtitle. 
Section 911 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16191) is amended to read as follows: 
shall include research, development, demonstration, and commercial application of— 
Section 912 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16192) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
Section 914 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
Section 915 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16195) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
To the extent provided for in advance by appropriations Acts, the Secretary may transfer to the National Institute of Standards and Technology up to $150,000,000 for the period encompassing fiscal years 2015 through 2017 from amounts appropriated for advanced manufacturing research and development under this subtitle (and the amendments made by this subtitle) for the Secretary of Commerce to carry out the Network for Manufacturing Innovation Program authorized under section 34 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
Section 917 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
Section 931 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16231) is amended to read as follows: 
conduct a program of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for solar energy, including innovations in— 
‘‘(ii) solar heating; ‘‘(iii) concentrating solar power; ‘‘(iv) lighting systems that integrate sunlight 
and electrical lighting in complement to each other; and 
‘‘(ii) decreasing drilling costs; ‘‘(iii) decreasing maintenance costs through 
‘‘(iv) increasing the potential for other revenue sources, such as mineral production; and 
technologies with one another and with other energy technologies, including the combined use of renewable power and fossil technologies; 
‘‘(ii) renewable energy technologies for cogeneration of hydrogen and electricity; and 
carrying out this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall give priority to demonstrations that assist in delivering electricity to rural and remote locations including— 
both in terms of technical advances and in market introduction of renewable energy; 
market drivers, including the impacts of any Federal, State, or local grants, loans, loan guarantees, tax incentives, statutory or regulatory requirements, or other government initiatives; and 
up to 1 percent of the funds appropriated for carrying out this subtitle for analysis and evaluation activities under this subsection. 
and evaluation shall be submitted to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate at least 30 days before each annual budget request is submitted to Congress.’’. 
Section 932 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16232) is amended to read as follows: 
a program of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for bioenergy, including innovations in— 
of the biofuels and bioproducts programs shall be to develop, in partnership with industry and institutions of higher education— 
thermochemical conversion technologies capable of making fuels from lignocellulosic feedstocks that are pricecompetitive with fossilbased fuels and fully compatible with either internal combustion engines or fuel cellpowered vehicles; 
biofuels and bioproducts as part of integrated biorefineries based on either biochemical processes, thermochemical processes, or hybrids of these processes; and 
of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for technologies and processes to enable biorefineries that exclusively use corn grain or corn starch as a feedstock to produce ethanol to be retrofitted to accept a range of biomass, including lignocellulosic feedstocks. 
to energy, is segregated from other waste materials, and is derived from— 
pallets, crates, dunnage, manufacturing and construction wood wastes (other than pressure treated, chemically treated, or painted wood wastes), and landscape or rightofway tree trimmings, but not including municipal solid waste, gas derived from the biodegradation of municipal solid waste, or paper that is commonly recycled; or 
‘lignocellulosic feedstock’ means any portion of a plant or coproduct from conversion, including crops, trees, forest residues, grasses, and agricultural residues not specifically grown for food, including from barley grain, grapeseed, rice bran, rice hulls, rice straw, soybean matter, cornstover, and sugarcane bagasse.’’. 
Section 934 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16234) and the item relating thereto in 
Section 935 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16235) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
Section 961 of Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 
out research, development, demonstration, and commercial application programs in fossil energy, including activities under this subtitle, with the goal of improving the efficiency, effectiveness, and environmental performance of fossil energy production, upgrading, conversion, and consumption. Such programs shall take into consideration the following objectives: 
throughout the Department to promote collaboration and crosscutting approaches; 
manner that does not duplicate other activities within the Department or other Federal Government activities; and 
carrying out this section may be used for Fossil Energy Environmental Restoration. 
less than 20 percent of the funds appropriated for carrying out section 964 of this Act for each fiscal year shall be dedicated to research and development carried out at institutions of higher education. 
development, demonstration, or commercial application projects or activities of the Department authorized under this subtitle may not be used for regulatory assessments or determinations by Federal regulatory authorities. 
after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress an assessment of the technical, institutional, policy, and regulatory constraints to bringing new domestic fossil resources to market. 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a longterm assessment of existing and projected technological capabilities for expanded production from domestic unconventional oil, gas, and methane reserves.’’. 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16292) is amended— 
testing facilities, of high temperature materials for use in advanced systems for combustion or use of coal; and 
coal conversion systems designed to increase efficiency of conversion, flexibility of operation, and other modifications to address existing usage requirements.’’; 
than extending cycles to higher temperature and pressure), such as membranes or ceramics; 
‘‘(vii) carbon utilization, such as in construction materials, using low quality energy to reconvert back to a fuel, or manufactured food; 
authorized by this section, the Secretary shall identify cost and performance goals for coal based technologies that would permit the continued costcompetitive use of coal for the production of electricity, chemical feedstocks, transportation fuels, and other marketable products.’’. 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16293) is amended— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress the results of a study to assess the cost and feasibility of engineering, permitting, building, maintaining, regulating, and insuring a national system of carbon dioxide pipelines.’’. 
Office of Fossil Energy, shall carry out a multiyear, multiphase program of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application to innovate technologies to maximize the efficiency of gas turbines used in power generation systems. 
construct complex threedimensional geometry parts with improved aerodynamic capability; 
firing temperature while lowering nitrogen oxide and carbon monoxide emissions per unit of output; 
component testing, subscale testing, and full scale testing in existing fleets; 
required for advanced high efficiency gas turbines that can achieve at least 62 percent combined cycle efficiency or 47 percent simple cycle efficiency on a lower heating value basis; and 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall solicit grant and contract proposals from industry, small businesses, universities, and other appropriate parties for conducting activities under this section. In selecting proposals, the Secretary shall emphasize— 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352) shall apply to an award of financial assistance made under this section. 
be to enhance the economic and energy security of the United States and to ensure that the United States maintains a technological lead through the development of advanced energy technologies.’’; 
shall not provide funding for a project unless the prospective grantee demonstrates sufficient attempts to secure private financing or indicates that the project is not independently commercially viable.’’ after ‘‘relevant research agencies.’’; 
every 6 years thereafter,’’ after ‘‘operation for 6 years,’’; and 
information collected by the Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy from recipients of financial assistance awards shall be considered privileged and confidential and not subject to disclosure pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code: 
third parties, such as venture capital, hedge fund, or private equity firms, including amounts and percentage of ownership of the awardee provided in return for such investments. 
awardee plans to invest or has invested into the technology developed under the award, or that the awardee is seeking from third parties. 
new products or services resulting from the research conducted under the award. 
are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for electrical delivery and energy reliability technology activities within the Office of Electricity $113,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
appropriated to the Secretary for research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for nuclear energy technology activities within the Office of Nuclear Energy $504,600,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
to the Secretary for research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for energy efficiency and renewable energy technology activities within the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy $1,198,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
be appropriated to the Secretary for research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for fossil energy technology activities within the Office of Fossil Energy $605,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
Nuclear Security Administration, but only with respect to the civilian energy activities thereof. 
by this title abrogates or otherwise affects the primary responsibilities of any National Laboratory to the Department. 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Science and Energy’’; and 
offices under the jurisdiction of the Under Secretary; and 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report which shall include— 
ability to carry out the goals of section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391), including an assessment of the role and effectiveness of the Director of the Office of Technology Transitions; and 
and legislative changes to section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) to improve the Department’s ability to successfully transfer new energy technologies to the private sector. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the Secretary should encourage the National Laboratories and federally funded research and development centers to inform small businesses of the opportunities and resources that exist pursuant to this title. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Laboratories, relevant Federal agencies, and other stakeholders, shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report assessing the Department’s capabilities to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion and nonlight water reactor prototypes and related demonstration facilities at Departmentowned sites. For purposes of this report, the Secretary shall consider the Department’s capabilities to facilitate privatelyfunded prototypes up to 20 megawatts thermal output. The report shall address the following: 
development, and demonstration of prototype reactors and related facilities for the purpose of reducing technical risk. 
contractual mechanisms, including cooperative research and development agreements, work for others agreements, and agreements for commercializing technology. 
that term is defined in section 201 of that title); and 
agreement is eligible to receive rights under that chapter. 
director of a National Laboratory shall submit to the Secretary, with respect to each agreement entered into under this section— 
an agreement under this section, the director of a National Laboratory shall submit to the Secretary for monitoring and review all records of the National Laboratory relating to the agreement. 
the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) is amended— 
Section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
apply to a research or development activity performed by an institution of higher education or nonprofit institution (as defined in section 4 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3703)). 
with the Director of the National Science Foundation to enable researchers funded by the Department to participate in the National Science Foundation Innovation Corps program. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report— 
projects and the potential linkages presented by those partnerships with respect to national priorities and other taxpayerfunded research; and 
It is the sense of Congress that climate change 
to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 114–120. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
have an amendment made in order under the rule. 
Page 5, line 13, strike ‘‘$834,800,000’’ and insert ‘‘$823,000,000’’. 
Page 6, line 6, strike ‘‘$377,500,000’’ and insert ‘‘$425,300,000’’. 
Page 7, line 6, strike ‘‘$834,800,000’’ and insert ‘‘$823,000,000’’. 
Page 7, line 8, strike ‘‘$1,050,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$1,038,000,000’’. 
Page 7, line 24, strike ‘‘$377,500,000’’ and insert ‘‘$425,300,000’’. 
Foundation shall also require awardees to report the Foundation, within 30 days of receipt, any sources of nonFederal funds received in excess of $50,000 during the award period.’’ and insert ‘‘The Foundation shall also require awardees seeking subsequent management fees to report to the Foundation, prior to the consideration of such a request, any sources of nonFederal funds received in excess of $100,000. This reporting shall apply to the period following any initial management fee award and for the consideration of any subsequent fee.’’. 
Page 21, line 20, strike ‘‘AUDITS ’’ and insert 
Page 21, line 22, strike ‘‘paragraph’’ and insert ‘‘subsection’’. 
Page 22, line 13, insert ‘‘or social activities’’ after ‘‘meals’’. 
Page 29, line 20, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 29, line 23, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 65, line 23, insert ‘‘, to be available to 
the extent provided by appropriations Acts,’’ after ‘‘nonprofit entities,’’. 
Page 91, line 16, insert ‘‘, to be available to 
Page 132, line 19, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 132, line 23, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
institutes, and research centers prior to establishment or renewal by the Department, including— 
and research centers will advance the mission of the Department, and prioritize research, development, and demonstration; 
or renewal of hubs, institutes, or research centers will not diminish funds available for basic research and development within the Office of Science; and 
Page 136, line 14, strike ‘‘and’’ the end of 
Page 180, line 20, through page 182, line 3, 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and a Member 
this manager’s amendment makes some changes to improve the underlying legislation. 
funding within the research and related activities account at the National Science Foundation. This is at the request of Appropriations Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies Subcommittee chairman, JOHN CULBERSON of Texas, and provides additional funding for integrative activities to keep it at the fiscal year ’15 level. 
Research Fellowship Program and the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research, which will be fully funded at this level. 
The amendment directs the Department of Energy to develop technologies to enhance security for electrical transmission and distribution systems. 
direction on the development of hubs, innovation institutes, and research centers at the Department of Energy. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
makes a few small improvements to the bill, so I will not oppose it. However, I want to take a moment to reflect on how this amendment demonstrates how flawed the process on the majority’s bill has been. 
In this amendment, the chairman restores an arbitrary 11 percent cut to the EPSCoR program, in addition to the prestigious NSF Graduate Research Fellowship Program, scientific instrumentation for smaller institutions that cannot afford their own, and interdisciplinary research centers. 
Even our colleagues on Appropriations prioritized full funding for this account at NSF while they made steep cuts to other accounts. 
overall are represented by many more Republicans than Democrats; so, when the Science Committee Republicans proposed cutting funding for the EPSCoR program by 11 percent, their caucus took notice. 
given the stakeholder community, his colleagues, and the research and development agencies an opportunity for a hearing or to see and respond or work in subcommittee on it and respond to this bill before introducing it, we wouldn’t have had to fix all of these very big mistakes today. 
I am glad the chairman is now restoring the cut to EPSCoR and the other important programs in that account. I only wish he would have listened to an overwhelming call by the stakeholder community and even some of his own colleagues to restore the other arbitrary and shortsighted cuts in this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have no other speakers on this side, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk as the designee of the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ). 
Page 15, line 13, through page 17, line 9, 
House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON) and a Member opposed each will 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Mr. FOSTER for his leadership on this 
Section 106 exemplifies the majority’s efforts to impose their own personal beliefs and ideologies on the process of scientific discovery. Colleagues, science is not about belief; it is about discovery and the pursuit of questions about both the natural world and the human world. 
NSF should hold its grantees accountable. However, accountability should be measured according to the transparency and integrity of the grant review process, not according to what 
types of science some of us believe in and some don’t. 
Had we imposed the section 106 requirement on NSF earlier, they may have never funded the grant that led to billions in revenue from the spectrum auction. They may never have funded the grant that the DOD now uses to help train our soldiers on the front lines to differentiate between friend and foe. They may never have funded the grant that led to the creation of Google. 
Chairman SMITH has been investigating NSF grants he doesn’t like since he became chairman of this committee. The entire purpose of section 106 is to give him a bigger club to continue his unfounded investigations in the future. 
This is bad for NSF, and it is worse 
for the U.S. leadership in science and innovation. I urge my colleagues to think long and hard about the consequences of imposing our own political views and review on the NSF’s goldstandard scientific merit review process, and I urge the support of Mr. FOSTER ’s amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
it is just inconceivable to me that any U.S. Representative would oppose requiring government grants funded by the U.S. taxpayer to be spent in the national interest. 
Science Foundation has played an integral part in funding breakthrough discoveries in fields as diverse as mathematics, physics, chemistry, computer science, engineering, and biology. 
number of grants for which the scientific merits and national interest are not obvious, to put it politely. These include a climate change musical costing $800,000, evaluating animal photographs in National Geographic for at least $200,000, and studying early humanset fires in New Zealand, in the 1800s, for several hundred thousand dollars. 
ensures that the NSF is transparent and accountable to the taxpayers about how their hardearned dollars are spent. The bill requires that every NSF public announcement of a grant award be accompanied by a nontechnical explanation of the project’s scientific merits and how it serves the national interest. 
need for this transparency and accountability. Last January, the NSF released a new policy that acknowledges that the NSF must communicate clearly and in nontechnical terms the research projects it funds. The policy 
each funded grant should explain how the project serves the national interest, a requirement first cited in the 1950 legislation that created the National Science Foundation. Again, the national interest standard that the gentlewoman from Texas opposes was in the NSF’s first charter. 
The current Director of the NSF herself has endorsed the national interest standard. In her testimony before the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee on February 25, NSF Director France Cordova spoke about the very section the gentlewoman seeks to eliminate. 
Dr. Cordova said: ‘‘It is very compatible with the new internal NSF guidelines and with the mission statement of NSF.’’ 
not interfere with the merit review process. The bill clearly states: ‘‘Nothing in this section shall be construed as altering the Foundation’s intellectual merit or broader impacts criteria for evaluating grant applications.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ), a physicist. 
amendment, which I understand has been introduced, would strike section 106 of the bill, which, in my view, adds a dangerous political filter to NSF’s goldstandard merit review process. 
I do not stand alone in this view. The 
overwhelming majority of my colleagues in the scientific community are still quite uncomfortable with this language that would, as the American Society for Microbiology stated, ‘‘have an adverse impact on NSF’s peer review process, which is essential to funding meritorious research.’’ All of us here want to be good stewards of taxpayer money. 
Science Foundation, which currently already requires that the NSF public award abstract consist of a nontechnical component which will include ‘‘a public justification for NSF funding by articulating how the project serves the national interest,’’ as stated by NSF’s mission: to promote the progress of science; to advance the national health, prosperity, and welfare; or to secure the national defense. 
As the Biophysical Society has pointed out: ‘‘NSF is committed to . . . offering the public a better understanding of a research project’s intent, which will satisfy this section’s objective.’’ 
a little bit. I serve on two committees—the Financial Services Committee and the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. On the Financial Services Committee, there is a steady drumbeat of Republican proposals to remove duplicitous and redundant requirements that just waste everyone’s time; whereas, it seems to me that section 106 is exactly along this line. While it may just seem an innocuous waste of time to some, we know that for the past 2 years scientists have had their projects targeted as potentially wasteful or not ‘‘in the national interest,’’ often based on nothing but their titles. Not only is this wrong, it is blatantly political. 
My parents, actually, both worked for Senator Bill Proxmire, who for years and years did the Golden Fleece Awards. He was a wonderful and thoughtful Senator, but on this one, he consistently missed the mark. It is easy to make fun of projects with funny sounding names or with strange topics, but the NSF is the gold standard for a reason. 
Dr. Scott Atran, who received funding from the NSF in 1994 for a study that was entitled, ‘‘Local Ecological Knowledge of CommonPool Resources in Campeche, Mexico.’’ Dr. Atran subsequently applied what he learned to questions of extremism in the Middle East and is now a key national expert on countering extremism in the Middle East, valued as a consultant by the Department of Defense and the Department of State. 
will simply say to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ) that I recognize 
and appreciate him. He is a smart, thoughtful, and wellmotivated member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, so I am really sorry he opposes this national interest standard that, I think, is the right thing to do for America and for the American taxpayers. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
who is a very active and talented member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
to commend my good friend from Illinois for his strong commitment to advocating for scientific research. I share many of his concerns about the underlying bill, and I will be voting against this bill. However, I must also oppose this amendment. I agree with Mr. FOSTERand I disagree with the chairman 
on some of the attacks on some past grants that have been granted by the NSF. I think section 106 helps to avoid that. 
section 106 was the High Quality Research Act, which was unveiled nearly 2 years ago. I strongly opposed that, as did the vast majority of the research community, and we set about getting that changed. Through a series of discussions, the current language—vastly different and vastly improved from the original—was reached with a broad definition of national interest that does not do anything to undermine the gold 
standard NSF peer review system. I invite all to read the section and decide for themselves, or to simply listen to the NSF and to the NSB, which oversees the NSF. 
France Cordova stated her support for section 106 at a committee hearing in February, saying it is ‘‘very compatible with the NSF internal guidelines and with the mission statement of NSF.’’ 
I applaud NSF for these new guidelines which explain to the public why each proposal is being funded and how it is in the national interest. This will help the NSF defend worthwhile grants that are attacked by critics who sometimes misrepresent projects. In doing so, it will also protect the NSF. 
does not formally endorse legislation, at the meeting 2 weeks ago, the board passed a resolution strongly endorsing the principle that all Foundationfunded research must further the national interest by contributing to the Foundation’s mission. 
almost everything related to science policy, I must reluctantly oppose this amendment. I wish we could have been able to have worked out a COMPETES bill we could all support. Regrettably, we did not, but let’s not throw out this language that was worked out and that will help the NSF defend its peer review process. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Page 29, line 23, strike the period and insert a semicolon. 
to train K12 teachers in science and technology projectbased learning to provide instruction in how to initiate robotics and other STEM competition team development programs; and 
by institutions of higher education, businesses, and local public and private educational agencies to establish collaborative 
areas with unemployment rates that exceed the national average by 1 percent or more. 
House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a 
me take a moment to thank both of my fellow Texans and to acknowledge that I know that there is a difference of opinion, but no one can disagree with the crucialness of America’s competitiveness and of the necessity for creating a workforce that can compete. 
Allow me to acknowledge Congressman JOHNSON for the steadfast commitment and service to the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. I had the privilege of serving with her in the early stages of my membership here in this august body, and I want to thank her personally for the great strides and successes that she has had in expanding opportunities for the most vulnerable in our community. 
speaks to this issue, and it continues to seek to address the STEM education gap for K–12 students. Jackson Lee amendment No. 3 creates State and regional workshops to train K–12 teachers in projectbased science and technology learning, which will allow them to provide instruction in initiating robotics and other STEM competition team development programs. 
I now serve on the Homeland Security Committee, and I note that the extent of technology in securing this Nation is without comparison. It is necessary. It is crucial. This amendment also leverages the collaboration among higher education businesses and local and private/public education agencies to support STEM efforts at schools located in areas where unemployment is 1 percent or more above the national rate. 
We want to get right to the core of 
the most vulnerable and the most needy students. Robotic competitions and other similar competitive opportunities have proven to be one of the most successful paths for engaging young minds in STEM education. I have held a robotics competition, and it is absolutely amazing to see the young people’s minds and hearts gather around it. My amendment has that capacity to it. Of course, it responds to the fact that only 1 out of 10 high schools in the U.S. offers computer science programs, and it is estimated that the education systems in 25 States do not count computer science classes toward high school graduation. 
Jackson Lee amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. 
this amendment would include teacher training for STEM competitions and collaborations as permitted activities under a program in the bill to encourage engagement in STEM education activities. Supporting outofschool activities, like competitions, is consistent with the underlying bill, so I accept the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
want to focus just a little bit on competitions regarding this amendment, competitions such as FIRST, which is a national robotics competition that engages 400,000 students each year and that awards millions of dollars in scholarships, paving the way for future STEM success. 
entitled, ‘‘Disparities in STEM Employment by Sex, Race, and Hispanic Origin.’’ 
Industry, government, and academic leaders cite increasing the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) workforce as a top concern. The National Academy of Sciences, National Academy of Engineering, and the Institute of Medicine describe STEM as ‘‘highquality, knowledgeintensive jobs . . . that lead to discovery and new technology,’’ improving the U.S. economy and standard of living. In 2007, Congress passed the America COMPETES Act, reauthorized in 2010, to increase funding for STEM education and research. 
workforce has been to reduce disparities in STEM employment by sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Historically, women, Blacks, and Hispanics have been underrepresented in STEM employment. Researchers find that women, Blacks, and Hispanics are less likely to be in a science or engineering major at the start of their college experience, and less 
likely to remain in these majors by its conclusion. Because most STEM workers have a science or engineering college degree, underrepresentation among science and engineering majors could contribute to the underrepresentation of women, Blacks, and Hispanics in STEM employment. 
This report details the historical demographic composition of STEM occupations, followed by a detailed examination of current STEM employment by age and sex, presence of children in the household, and race and Hispanic origin based on the 2011 American Community Survey (ACS). The report concludes with an examination of the demographic characteristics of science and engineering graduates who are currently employed in a STEM occupation. 
language says: ‘‘Industry, government, and academic leaders cite increasing the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) workforce as a top concern.’’ 
STEM workforce has been to reduce disparities in STEM employment by sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Historically, women, Blacks, and Hispanics have been underrepresented in STEM employment,’’ and it goes on to elaborate. 
This amendment gives an added opportunity to focus in, to hone in on teacher training and reaching out to those very hungry minds in the minority communities who are eager to be part of the changing fabric of America that focuses on science, technology, engineering, and math. From financial services, to homeland security, to space and aeronautics, to manufacturing, to the Silicon Valleys of the Nation, STEM is crucial. 
both the committee staff on the majority and minority who assisted us, and I would like to acknowledge my staff, Lillie Coney, for her excellent work on these matters. 
I thank Chairman SMITH and Ranking Member J OHNSON for the opportunity to speak on 
my amendment to H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
1806 would improve the bill by addressing the STEM education gap for K–12 students. 
and regional workshops to train K–12 teachers in projectbased science and technology learning, which will allow them to provide instruction in initiating robotics and other STEM competition team development programs. 
This amendment also leverages the collaboration among higher education, businesses, local private and public education agencies to support STEM efforts at schools located in areas with unemployment is 1 percent or more above the national rate. 
competitive opportunities have proven to be one of the most successful paths for engaging young minds in STEM education. 
Competitions such as FIRST, a national robotics competition that engages 400,000 students each year and awards millions of dollars in scholarships are paving the way for future STEM success. 
reducing the STEM gaps that currently exists between K–12 students attending schools in different geographic regions or who come from diverse socioeconomic backgrounds. 
Only 1 out of 10 high schools in the U.S. 
25 states do not count computer science classes toward high school graduation. 
identified that the future of the American economy will be in STEM fields, which the Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates will create more than 9 million jobs between 2012 and 2022. 
Science Foundation and the U.S. Census Bureau, showed that underrepresented minorities earned 18.6 percent of total undergraduate degrees from 4year colleges, but only 16.4 percent of the degrees in science fields and less than 13 percent of degrees in physical sciences and engineering. 
including low income urban, rural and Native American communities have difficulty accessing STEM education and job training opportunities. 
increased awareness among underrepresented groups in STEM employment and education opportunities by providing information on certification, undergraduate and graduate STEM programs. 
by underrepresented populations is a lack of awareness and understanding of the connection between STEM and employment opportunities. 
In 2012, a survey found that despite the nation’s growing demand for more workers in science, technology, engineering, and math grows, the skills gap among the largest ethnic and racial minorities groups remain stubbornly wide. 
Blacks and Latinos account for only 7 percent, of the STEM workforce despite representing 28 percent of the U.S. population. 
made sure that the issue of reducing the skills and education gap of underrepresented groups in STEM degree programs is considered as current STEM education federal programs were reviewed. 
furthered the skills development and training of teachers who provide instruction in K–12 STEM courses where 40 percent of the students are on free or reduced lunch programs or in areas where unemployment is 1 percent or more above the national average. 
Although most STEM specific education occurs in college and graduate school, interest in STEM fields must be fostered from a young age through successful K–12 programs. 
lack the resources to provide continuity of STEM K–12 education, and as a result, students lose the opportunity to develop the skills that will prepare them for higher STEM education. 
to identify nocost or lowcost summer and after school science and technology educations programs and have that information broadly disseminated to the public. 
Throughout primary and secondary education, skills retention is one of the most pressing concerns facing underrepresented students. 
programs, even those students with a passion for STEM risk falling behind their peers. 
available to local education agencies to support training in STEM education methods to teachers to improve their instruction at schools serving neglected, delinquent, and migrant students, English learners, atrisk students, and Native Americans as determined by the director. 
within the Directorate for Education and Human Resources an Office of STEM Education Gap Awareness with the duties of reducing the STEM gap in K–12 and postsecondary education among underrepresented populations. 
to bridge the STEM gap in rural and urban areas where opportunities for training in STEM that can enhance the productivity of businesses large and small are lacking. 
The Brookings’ Metropolitan Policy Program’s report ‘‘The Hidden STEM Economy,’’ reported that in 2011, 26 million jobs or 20 percent of all occupations required knowledge in 1 or more STEM areas. 
Half of all STEM jobs are available to workers without a 4 year degree and these jobs pay on average $53,000 a year, which is 10 percent higher than jobs with similar education requirements. 
because the skills needed are too difficult to obtain, but because people are not aware of the jobs that are going unfilled today nor do they know what education or training will create job security for the next 2 to 3 decades. 
I am very aware of the importance of STEM 
Houston has the second largest concentrations of engineers (22.4 for every 1,000 workers according to the Greater Houston Partnership). 
economic success, but what we have done with STEM innovation and job creation in the city of Houston is not enough to satisfy the regions demand for STEM trained workers. 
the gap in the number of people with STEM skills and training will not keep up with the number of positions requiring those skills. 
is true for every region of the nation—whether you live in a rural community or urban center. 
710,000 Computing workers; 160,000 Engineers; 70,000 Physical Scientists; 40,000 Life Science workers; 20,000 Mathematics workers. 
STEM Computing Jobs are critical to America’s future: Software engineers; Computer networking workers; Systems analysis; Computer researcher or support workers. 
Engineers; Mechanical Engineers; Software Engineers; Electrical Engineers; Automotive Engineers; Aeronautical Engineers; Naval Engineers; Architects. 
Types of STEM Physical Sciences Jobs: Biologists; Zoologists; Agricultural; Food Scientists; Conservation Scientists; Medical Scientists; Climatologists. 
Types of STEM Life Scientists [PhDs]: Political Science; Economists; Anthropologists; Archaeology; Cultural Researchers; Language Experts (Linguistic and Language Skills). 
In order to ensure that underserved populations reach the level of STEM education and opportunity they choose to pursue, I believe it is integral to create an office that will focus on closing the STEM education gap. I ask that my colleagues from both sides of 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Page 41, line 12, strike the period at the 
strong innovation system by investing in and supporting female entrepreneurs, who are historically underrepresented in entrepreneurial fields, through mentorship, education, and training. 
House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) and a 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase support for women in entrepreneurship at the National Science Foundation’s Innovation Corps, also known as the ICorps. It has been an honor and privilege to meet with women across Connecticut who are creating and building their own startups and small businesses. 
Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math roundtable, bringing together educators, innovators, and business owners to identify barriers that women face when looking to advance in the critical STEM and entrepreneurial fields. 
one of the biggest problems for women in the STEM fields is the lack of mentorship and support, and, quite simply, women do not have the same support and mentorship as their male counterparts because they are often the first women in leadership positions in their fields. 
Association in Connecticut just elected their first female president, Anne Strobel, and she has already hit the ground running to build on our State’s strong manufacturing tradition. 
concerns women raised at the STEM roundtable in my own district. The Kauffman Foundation recently surveyed 350 female tech startup founders and found that the number one shared concern is a lack of role models and mentors for women thinking of going into business for themselves. 
startups. In fact, women make up only 30 percent of the tech workforce and 22 percent of the leadership roles, despite being 60 percent of the workforce. It is clear that we must do more for women so they can build businesses and create goodpaying jobs. 
support to women through the NSF’s Innovation Corps, known as the I Corps, by expanding their mission to specifically include support for and investment in female entrepreneurs through mentorship, education, and training. 
The ICorps program fosters entrepreneurship by giving students the tools they need to move discoveries and technology from the research lab to the market. ICorps is making a difference in helping teach and support entrepreneurs across the country. 
Connecticut recently received ICorps funding, and it is designated as an I Corps site. Accelerate UConn will build on the investment the State of Connecticut is already making to ensure that they remain a leader in our national innovation ecosystem. 
Our competitiveness as a nation depends on robust research and technology and on ensuring that we draw on the best and the brightest, whether they be men or women. By increasing the number of women entrepreneurs in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and math, we as a nation will all benefit from the innovation that comes from a diverse workforce. 
It is not only morally right, but economically smart to foster entrepreneurship of women. I encourage all my colleagues to support my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I don’t oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment would add a sense of Congress of Congress’ support for the NSF’s Innovation Corps program in the underlying bill. This language would include the promotion of a strong innovation system with investments and support for female entrepreneurs. I Corps is an excellent program. I support the gentlewoman’s amendment and appreciate her offering it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? 
minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). 
my friend for yielding and for her leadership on this important issue. I especially enjoy being on the same side of 
this issue with the chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
support of her amendment. ICorps is a revolutionary partnership that helps maximize the economic impact of taxpayerfunded research by connecting the brilliant minds at NSF to the brilliant minds in the private sector. 
This amendment offered by Representative ESTYtoday ensures that we 
foster all of the brilliant minds by supporting female entrepreneurs. Gender diversity makes good business sense. Research conducted by Dow Jones on venturebacked companies found that successful ones had twice the number of women on the founding teams, and there is more research that shows that womenowned firms outperformed those owned by male counterparts. Despite this and despite the fact that women earn more college degrees than men, they comprise only 5 percent of Fortune 500 CEOs and only 19 percent of corporate board seats. Clearly, something is wrong. 
potential, we have got to do a better job of supporting female entrepreneurs. That is why I strongly support her amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
do not think I am going to disagree with what the gentlewoman from Connecticut has to say during her remaining time, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment and want to thank the author for bringing it forward and thank the chairman of the committee for supporting it. 
Congresswoman Connie Morella. The two of us did a study maybe 15 or 16 years ago, and we both have been very, very supportive of women in the sciences and hope that we can get a better bill so that we can address getting them ready for these jobs. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . CROWLEY  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall establish the program described in section 7033 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 1862o–12) for Hispanicserving institutions (as defined in section 502 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1101a)). 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) and a 
House first considered the America COMPETES Act, I offered an amendment with my thencolleague Gabby Giffords as well as Congressman JERRY  
inequity at the National Science Foundation. Unlike their counterparts in higher education, HispanicServing Institutions have not benefited from a specific program at the NSF to provide them with grants for research, curriculum, and infrastructure development. 
The amendment corrected this inequity, requiring the NSF to create a separate program for HSIs. It was adopted, and it became law. But to this day, the NSF has not implemented the program as codified in law. This bipartisan amendment would correct that and require the HSI program to finally be implemented within 4 months of the enactment of this measure. 
the majority of nearly 2 million Latino students enrolled in college today. In my district alone, about 10,000 students attend HispanicServing Institutions offering degrees in these fields of science. Without access to targeted grants, HSIs have difficulty increasing the ranks of Latinos in the STEM fields, where they have been historically underrepresented. 
group in our Nation, are prepared with the knowledge and skills that will contribute to our Nation’s future economic strength, security, and global leadership, because when education is available to everyone, our entire Nation is stronger. 
worked with me on this issue: Mr. SERRANO , who has a standalone bill to 
make this fix permanent, and Mr. LUJA´N, Mr. H URD, as well as Mr. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I don’t oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment would require NSF to establish a program originally authorized in the 2007 COMPETES Act. I support the gentleman’s amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the comments from the chairman. 
said, in 2007 he added a provision to the original America COMPETES Act to give the NSF the discretion to establish a dedicated grant program. However, after years of persistence, the NSF has refused to act. That is why last month Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. L UJA´N, 
HOPES Act and requires the NSF to establish an undergraduate grant program for HispanicServing Institutions. Hispanics are underrepresented in the STEM fields, and more needs to be done to ensure that we are not missing the best and the brightest from all the parts of America in developing the next generation of scientists, engineers, and mathematicians. 
right direction. I thank Representative CROWLEY for his leadership on this 
issue. I thank the chairman for accepting the amendment. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). 
rise in support of this amendment, which will benefit the students at several fine institutions in the 23rd Congressional District of Texas. 
is a healthy economy. We want the American economy to continue to be the strongest in the world, and if American businesses are going to compete and win in a global economy, we have to have the best trained and best equipped workforce possible. 
learning need to be fully capable of offering their students the opportunities to learn the skills that are going to drive a 21st century economy, and that means STEM degrees must be a priority for our colleges and universities. This amendment will allow institutions that are designated as Hispanic Serving Institutions to have access to grant programs with the National Science Foundation that they have been limited from participating in in the past. 
the State of Texas, and more than a dozen of them serve students in my district. This increased access to grants will help increase the recruitment, retention, and graduation rates of Hispanic students pursuing degrees in STEM fields. That is good for these students; that is good for our universities, our communities, our businesses, and our economy. 
New York, Mr. CROWLEY , for introducing this amendment. I encourage my colleagues to support it. 
I want the R ECORD to reflect that I 
was willing and expecting to be yielding the gentleman 1 minute. Since the cooperation is running so smoothly, Mr. Chairman, thank you for yielding the 2 minutes to Mr. HURD. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this amendment that I am proud to offer with my colleagues. 
I want to thank Congressman CROWLEYfor his leadership. I want to recognize Chairman S MITH for his responsibility in working and looking out for these students as well. 
engineering, and math degrees translate into highpaying, indemand jobs. While we are still struggling with high unemployment in my home State of New Mexico, there are sectors, especially in STEM, that are having difficulty finding qualified workers. To help meet this demand, the National Science Foundation manages a number of programs at minorityserving institutions, including Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Tribal Colleges and Universities. 
These programs have filled an important void by preparing minority students for meaningful careers in STEM. However, there is no such program and, therefore, a lack of critical support for Hispanic Americans. This is also evident in the fact that Hispanics are severely underrepresented in the STEM workforce. 
of a program for HispanicServing Institutions to develop infrastructure, curriculum, and recruit Hispanic students into STEM fields. To do what is best for America, we need to invest and promote these programs. 
have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON). 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, let me thank the gentleman and all of the persons who 
Committee, we actually developed that language that did pass in the last COMPETES Act, so I fully support this amendment. 
just use the remaining time to thank Chairman SMITH for his cooperation 
and that of his staff, as well as the cooperation of Ms. JOHNSON and her staff. 
the final tooth we need to make this law work and to drive the money and the resources to the people we intended for them to go to, and that is Latino or Hispanic young men and women who want to strive to succeed in the fields of science and medicine to help make our country an even better country. 
I thank you both again for your cooperation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
shall consist of 15 members, with 3 members appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and 2 members appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate.’’ after ‘‘other appropriate organizations.’’. 
Page 171, line 2, insert ‘‘, except that 3 
members shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and 2 members shall be appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate. The total number of members of the advisory committee shall be 15.’’ after ‘‘by the Secretary’’. 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ) and a 
amendment would make a couple of slight changes to two new advisory boards created in this bill: the STEM education advisory panel and a new Department of Energy advisory committee. 
of members for these two new advisory boards at 15 each, and most importantly, it ensures that five of the members on each board are chosen by Congress, three by the Speaker of the House and two by the Senate majority leader. 
ensure that the advisory boards have congressional representation, that we have people on there who work with Congress. The legislative branch is a 
believe that, as an institution, Congress should more aggressively assert itself as a coequal branch. 
with which party controls the legislative branch of government or which party, for that matter, controls the executive branch at any given time, nor does it ask for a majority of the members of these new boards to be congressionally appointed. 
that the legislative branch is involved in these boards that it, the legislative branch, is creating and that we are involved in the process of creating the reports which both the legislative branch and executive branch will rely on to make important decisions for these United States. 
enough to warrant an advisory board that is included in a bill we are passing, it just makes sense that we also appoint a portion of that board’s membership. 
I hope we will do that as we go forward with many of our boards. I also think it will facilitate more conversation between the executive branch and the legislative branch as time goes forward. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of the House of Representatives and the majority leader of the Senate to appoint members to two scientific advisory boards created in the bill. This amendment is the very definition of politicalizing science when we have politicians choosing who sits on scientific advisory boards. 
suggest that this amendment ensures accountability, in reality, it only ensures the political meddling in science. Unfortunately, this is consistent with many provisions in the underlying bill. 
Scientific advisory boards provide expert scientific advice and make recommendations on subject matter from STEM education to energy research and development. It is essential that advisory board members be qualified and nonpolitical to provide nonpartisan advice and give appropriate recommendations that are free of bias, advice and recommendations based on the best available evidence, and advice and recommendations that will further science in the country, not inhibit it. 
the House would appoint three members, while the majority leader of the Senate would appoint two additional members to this advisory board. 
only 15 members. This amendment would allow Republican—and only Republican—leaders of Congress to appoint onethird of these members. 
politicize these advisory boards. While the sponsor of this amendment is messaging it as giving Congress a bigger voice, that is just not accurate, asked for, or necessary. Congress already has the biggest and final voice. We control the Federal budget. Congress writes authorization bills such as the one before us today. We do not lack influence. 
boards free from political interference. If we choose to ignore the advice from our scientific advisory boards, as we are doing with H.R. 1806, that is our right. Congress doesn’t also have to put its fingerprints directly on the advice itself. We know by what has been said today that we are trying to take over the responsibility on this bill that I am against, so that is one way you can do it. 
This amendment follows the underlying attack on science in this bill, but this amendment goes further. It gives Republican politicians a chance to directly influence the scientific process in our country. 
amendment and the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
so bad that the gentlewoman thinks this is politicizing this bill. That is the furthest thing from my intent. 
know me and she does not know that, for 17 years, I served in the Virginia House of Delegates. In Virginia, any time we created a board or policy advisory group like this, we generally had legislative members on there. 
that, when an idea came from the administrative branch, whether it was of the party that I was in or of a different party, we generally found that, by having people that were familiar with both sides of the issue, but people who also relied on and came to talk to us on a regular basis in the legislature, we felt more comfortable with those recommendations that had been made. We understood better what the background was. It made for better government. 
That is what this is intended to do. I 
didn’t ask for a majority. I didn’t say that Congress should have complete control. It just says there ought to be some members appointed by the Senate and appointed by the House. It doesn’t matter which party is in control of the House or Senate. Recently, that was divided. It doesn’t matter which party is in the executive branch. 
It just says this is a way to make 
sure that when you think it is important enough—when Congress thinks it is important enough to create an advisory board—that we both have some members, both the House and Senate, on that advisory board to make sure that there is interaction with us, as well as with the executive branch. Unless the belief is that the executive branch wants to politicize it because they get all the appointments, I don’t know why they would think these appointments would be politicizing it. It is just for informational purposes and to make sure that everybody is heard at the table and that those ideas are shared. 
Texas. I served in both the house and senate in Texas before coming here; I believe strongly in input, but this very bill and its structure has become so political and so politically tainted in attempting to manipulate what is going on in our agencies, I just don’t trust your amendment. 
I would say that I don’t know the gentlewoman’s concerns on this particular bill. I do believe, as a Congress, we ought to be working to make sure that we have input on all of these advisory committees, whether it is on this bill or any other bill. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. I thank the gentleman from Virginia for yielding. 
support the gentleman’s amendment that will ensure that Congress has input on the composition of the new boards and panels created in the bill, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment as well. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . KELLY OF  
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Page 72, line 6, strike ‘‘$130,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$135,000,000’’. 
Page 72, line 8, strike ‘‘$125,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$130,000,000’’. 
Page 73, line 3, strike ‘‘$130,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$135,000,000’’. 
Page 73, line 5, strike ‘‘$125,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$130,000,000’’. 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) and a 
Chairman, my amendment increases the authorized funding for the Manufacturing Extension Partnership by $5 million and it offsets it by decreasing the authorized funding for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $5 million, for level funding. 
more American jobs, there is no better program to fund that than the Manufacturing Extension Partnership. Administered by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, with centers in every single State, for every $1 of Federal investment, this publicprivate partnership generates nearly $21 in new sales. As a result, this translates into $2.5 billion annually. For every $2,001 of Federal investment, MEP creates or retains one American manufacturing job. 
The MEP programs provides our Nation’s nearly 350,000 small manufacturers with services and access to resources that enhance growth, improve productivity, and expand capacity. This program is a winwin for our hard working American taxpayers. Few, if any, other Federal programs can claim such a good return on our taxpayers’ investment. 
Considering this amendment authorizes the program at $130 million that helps small American manufacturers directly and at a 50 percent cost share, this gives taxpayers more bang for their buck. 
Renewable Energy has a total budget of over $1 billion, so moving $5 million to this valuable program for small businesses is simply good economic policy. 
handout. Instead, it requires small manufacturers who partner with their local MEP to have skin in the game with a 50 percent cost share. That is good for our taxpayers; it is good for manufacturing sectors, and it is good for American jobs. 
nearly 80,000 American manufacturers, leading to $88 billion in sales and 14 billion in cost savings. It has helped create more than 729,000 American jobs. 
Last year alone, MEP projects created or retained nearly 64,000 American jobs, generated more than $6.7 billion in new and retained sales, and provided cost savings of more than $1.1 billion to small American manufacturers. b1700 
American manufacturing employee earning more than $77,000 a year in pay and benefits, these are exactly the types of jobs that policymakers need to be encouraging. And at a time when our economy is starting to recover, the MEP’s work is crucial in helping America’s small manufacturers be stronger longterm competitors, both domestically and internationally. 
In turn, this will allow them to create goodpaying, highskilled jobs for America’s workers across the country. A growing manufacturing sector in America means more wellpaying jobs for low to moderateincome American families, reduced trade deficit and a robust economy, and a flourishing innovation sector which can drive future growth. 
By supporting this amendment, Congress will be sending a clear signal to our small American manufacturers and our job creators that they will continue to play a vital role in the reinvigoration of our economy. 
$130 million, and this amendment would simply ensure that this popular, bipartisan program continues to be authorized at its current funding level. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Extension Partnership program, or the MEP, at NIST. Since its establishment in 1988, the MEP program has generated billions of dollars in new sales; it has saved MEP clients billions of dollars; and it has helped create more than 700,000 jobs. 
amendment because it increases the authorization for MEP by decreasing the authorization for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy at the Department of Energy. EERE conducts important research on energy efficiency and renewable energy technologies, including critical advance manufacturing initiatives. 
favorite target for my friends on the other side of the aisle. The underlying bill cuts this office by almost 30 percent, and this amendment would make that cut even larger. 
would have increased MEP authorization to $141 million for fiscal year 2016, at the President’s request, without cutting EERE. But the amendment was not made in order. 
to see this funding level increased. I think it is important to note that this bill is an authorization bill, not an appropriations bill. In authorization bills, Congress should be deciding authorization levels by determining what the program needs to accomplish its responsibilities. 
protocols, authorization bills should not have the same constraints as appropriation bills, including needing to offset any increases. This is a bizarre approach to legislating. 
EERE, I cannot support this amendment, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to reject the false notion of needing to offset authorizations. 
Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH). 
thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for yielding me this time. 
I just simply want to say that I believe his amendment restores current funding levels for the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program at the National Institute of Standards and Technology while offsetting those costs. It is a great amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I would just remark that if we are really trying to create jobs, if we are really trying to boost our economy, if we are really trying to do all these things, if we are really trying to help small manufacturers, I don’t think that asking to transfer $15 million out of a $1 billion allotment is going to really have that much effect on that. 
of the issues that you have, but this is looking forward to the future and saying we have got to help these people move forward. 
This is not a free amount of money. This is a 50 percent match. There are very few programs in our government that require that. 
sense for America. It makes sense for all those folks that I represent and you represent back home. 
Back in Western Pennsylvania, where I live, in Pennsylvania’s Third District, every morning, moms and dads get up and they throw their feet out over their bed and they go to work so that they can put a roof over the head for their children, food on their table, clothes on their back, and a promise for the future. 
are doing is keeping it at $130 million. And in a government that spends trillions of dollars every year, I don’t know why we would quibble over $5 million because it is going to help job creation and job retention. It allows us to compete in a global market in a way that we actually win. 
this. What I want to do is, I want to think about all the people we represent and where those dollars go because every single dollar belongs to the American taxpayer. 
reminded to address all of his remarks to the Chair and not to other Members of the House. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate those remarks. He is describing my constituents as well. And if we had done as requested by the President, we would have left the authorization levels at the level he is trying to bring it to, and it would not have taken away from the other part of the research that is needed so badly in the other areas. 
I do not oppose what he is trying to 
do. What I oppose is how he is trying to do it. And for that, I still oppose the total amount because it is not treating the other program fairly. 
It is not that I oppose MEP. My constituents are no different than yours. They get up every day to work hard and need opportunities. I am sure many of yours get more opportunities than some of mine. And so I agree with that totally. 
recommendation of where he wants to take it. What I disagree with is he is taking it out of another area when it is not necessary. 
recommend authorizations. We can do the authorization for his level without taking away from an area they don’t like. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Members are advised to address their remarks to the Chair and not to each other. 
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Page 114, line 23, through page 115, line 18, 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) and a 
My amendment would do two important things. First, it would preserve the Energy Department’s ability to select projects based on merit, and, second, it would preserve a very basic scientific tenet, the ability of the Department of Energy to replicate scientific results. 
Right now, the underlying bill mandates the prioritization of certain scientific fields over others, and it terminates science initiatives that can validate or question the results of previous scientific research. 
this formerly bipartisan bill, the majority is again attempting to specifically target and terminate the valuable research programs of some of our Nation’s brightest scientists if they study climate change. I think this is shortsighted, I think it is irresponsible, and I believe it is wrong. 
security, we must understand the multiplying risks to our energy infrastructure due to a changing climate. In order to ensure America’s energy security, we must understand the lifecycle impacts of the fuels we use. And in order to ensure America’s energy security, we must lead the world in developing clean renewable sources of energy. 
the Department of Energy must support sound scientific processes that include selecting the most meritorious methods and questions that they wish to research and verifying those results through replication. 
specifically targets the climate change research program in the Energy Department and instructs the director to cease ‘‘those climate sciencerelated initiatives that are identified as overlapping or duplicative.’’ 
have to reproduce scientific results. You don’t run an experiment once and go to the world and say, ‘‘It’s true. We’ve figured it out.’’ 
independently verified results in order to draw conclusions. But now Congress is trying to legislate changes to the scientific method, and I think that is a shame. 
groups and agencies collaborate to find answers to important questions. And guess what? Congress has already created a way to coordinate among the 13 Federal agencies to ensure that each agency is researching the causes and effects of global changes most relevant to their missions. And it is called the U.S. Global Change Research Program. The proposed requirements in section 505 of H.R. 1806 are really just an attempt to create more roadblocks to studying climate change. 
My amendment preserves the scientific integrity of the Office of Science, the U.S. Global Change Research Program and, more importantly, the scientific process. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ), who is a member of the 
rise today in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment and in support of the underlying reforms included in H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
This amendment would remove important measures that ensure greater transparency for the Federal Government’s climate science initiative and require accountability for the Office of Science to justify the value of related 
also remove underlying language in the America COMPETES Act that would require the Government Accountability Office to identify duplicative climate science initiatives across the entire Federal Government. 
All Members of Congress should support transparency in federally funded research. It is our core responsibility to provide oversight for Federal programs and make sure American taxpayer dollars are being spent responsibly, not duplicating work that has already been done. 
That said, the language in the America COMPETES Act does not ban any particular area of science but, instead, requires that DOE justify the science’s merit and provide greater transparency if climate science work is intentionally duplicated. 
This provision in the America COMPETES Act is simply good governance and is more important now than ever. The Obama administration has unapologetically pushed forward a politicized climate agenda through the Federal Government, prioritizing climate change research above all else. Better transparency can help prevent wasteful spending and prioritize the most valuable research. 
Science within the Department of Energy to support basic research in the physical sciences, including research on Earth’s atmosphere. By including these good government measures, the America COMPETES Act gives Congress appropriate oversight, funds valuable research, but does not provide a blank check for the President’s climate agenda. 
important accountability measures from the America COMPETES Act research. For that reason, I oppose the amendment and encourage my colleagues to do the same. 
could you tell me how much time I have left. 
to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ). 
that the Biological and Environmental Research program at DOE is targeted 
with harmful provisions in this bill. It is targeted because the program is a leader in advancing our understanding of the causes and impacts of climate change. 
solve anything, and it certainly won’t stop the Earth from warming. Allowing partisan politics to skew the scientific understanding of climate change is cynical and shortsighted. 
that in the majority’s own bill, they state that climate change is happening. They just had to take the statement out that it is caused by human beings. 
amendment would simply strike those harmful provisions so that scientists supported by BER can continue their important work without political interference. 
am prepared to close, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I repeat: duplication is good science. Let me repeat that: duplication is good science. 
amendment to maintain the Department of Energy’s ability to select scientific projects based upon scientific merit, that support the mission of the Department of Energy and the broader energy security of our country. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment would strike good government accountability measures within the COMPETES bill that require DOE’s Office of Science to prioritize biological systems and genomic science. It would also strike reforms included in the America COMPETES Act that prevent duplication of research, which saves taxpayer dollars. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, I have an 
Page 133, before line 19, insert the following new section: 
shall carry out a program to enhance the Nation’s economic, environmental, and energy security by making awards to consortia for establishing and operating Energy Innovation Hubs to conduct and support, whenever practicable at one centralized location, multidisciplinary, collaborative research, development, and demonstration of advanced energy technologies. 
Secretary shall designate for each Hub a unique advanced energy technology focus. 
an award under this section for the establishment and operation of a Hub, a consortium shall— 
(ii) measures to enable costeffective implementation of the program under this section; 
(iv) a plan for managing intellectual property rights; and 
the Secretary to ensure that the consortium has complied with the requirements of this section. 
conflict of interest procedures, consistent with those of the Department of Energy, to ensure that employees and consortia designees for Hub activities who are in decisionmaking capacities disclose all material conflicts of interest, and avoid such conflicts. 
Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit the use of funds provided pursuant to this section, or nonFederal cost share funds, for research or for the construction of a test bed or renovations to existing buildings or facilities for the purposes of research if the Secretary determines that the test bed or renovations are limited to a scope and scale necessary for the research to be conducted. 
geothermal, biomass, tidal, wave, ocean, or other renewable energy resources; 
(ii) that produces nuclear energy; (iii) for carbon capture and sequestration; (iv) that enables advanced vehicles, vehicle 
components, and related technologies that result in significant energy savings; 
utilizes, or stores energy more efficiently than conventional technologies, including through Smart Grid technologies; or 
and security of the United States by enabling improved or expanded supply and production of domestic energy resources, including coal, oil, and natural gas; 
including the Department of Energy Federally Funded Research and Development Centers; 
expertise in advanced energy technology research, development, demonstration, or commercial application; or 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) and a 
amendment seeks to authorize the Energy Innovation Hubs program within the Department of Energy. 
me to craft this amendment. Because I know that the chairman supports the amendment, I will keep my remarks brief. 
Energy Innovation Hubs are collaborative research centers that bring together teams of scientists and engineers from academia, industry, and national laboratories in order to accelerate scientific discoveries that address critical energy issues. They were created in 2010 and have received almost $500 million in funding already. 
The four hubs currently focus on everything from improving nuclear reactors through computerbased modeling to improving battery technology for transportation and the grid. 
only authorize this important research but would also provide critical guidelines and accountability measures for the program. 
process would be implemented. The Secretary would be empowered to terminate underperforming hubs at any time, and funds would be prohibited from being used for the purpose of constructing buildings so that every taxpayer dollar goes toward the research for which it is intended. 
and guidance in developing this amendment. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I do not oppose the amendment. 
this amendment would authorize the Department of Energy Innovation Hubs. These integrated research platforms conduct fundamental research to address critical challenges in energy 
which all focus on the critical energy issues. They include the Consortium for Advanced Simulation of Light Water Reactors, which uses high performance computation modeling to simulate and improve reactors. And it includes the Joint Center for Energy Storage Research, which focuses on developing the next generation of battery technologies. 
and alert member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, for offering this amendment and for working with us to develop this bipartisan amendment. I encourage Members to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAYSON. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) and a 
world’s largest institutional consumer of fuel. As a result, the volatility of oil prices directly affects military readiness. Every $10 increase on a barrel of oil costs the Department of Defense an additional $1.3 billion a year. 
To reduce our military’s and our Nation’s dependence on a single source of fuel, the Departments of Defense, Energy, and Agriculture have been working closely over the past 4 years with the private sector to scale up an advanced ‘‘dropin’’ biofuel production capability. 
Oregon, where a forest biomass plant will produce fuel for the U.S. Navy and Marines. It is one of three companies selected by the Departments of Defense, Energy, and Agriculture to produce costcompetitive dropin military biofuels. Once at scale, these biorefineries will have a combined capacity to produce 100 million gallons of 
fuel for military ships and planes while reducing their greenhouse gas emissions by 50 percent compared to conventional fuels. 
with a growing global demand for energy. We need to have a greater emphasis on renewable energy and energyefficient technologies. Yet, without any apparent logic, this bill would prohibit the Department of Energy—the lead agency with deep, technical expertise in this area—from partnering with the Department of Defense to develop biofuels. 
strikes this prohibition and would allow the Departments of Energy and Defense to continue their efforts to learn from each other’s expertise. 
the RECORD a letter opposing the prohibition from the Truman National Security Project, where they note—these are retired military—that 4 years of partnership between the Departments of Defense, Energy, and Agriculture have seen impressive progress in the development of advanced dropin biofuels that will allow the military to turn away from an outdated fuel source. Members of the military from every rank and service have spoken out in favor of the continued investment in biofuels for the reasons of cost and capability. 
House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEMBERJOHNSON : The American military is the 
greatest fighting force the world has ever seen. The United States Congress has the critical responsibility of empowering our military leaders by equipping that force with the tools they need to engage effectively in a world of everincreasing security threats. Accordingly, we urge you to withdraw the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, which would bar the Department of Energy from continuing a fouryear collaboration with the Departments of Defense and Agriculture to develop costeffective advanced biofuels. 
the military has chosen to innovate towards new solutions. While the advances resulting from these efforts have often benefited our nation as a whole, they are undertaken not for the sake of novelty or adventure but to fill a key operational or tactical need. Advanced biofuels fills such a need: Reducing the dangerous dependence of the U.S. military on fossil fuels. 
largest institutional consumer of fuel. With approximately $15 billion per year budgeted simply to maintain freedom of movement, the U.S. military is dangerously sensitive to the volatility of oil prices; a $10 change in the price per barrel of crude oil leaves the Department of Defense with a $1.3 billion shortfall and sees increased profits to countries who oppose our interests around the world. And because oil is priced in a global market, no amount of domestic production can insulate the military from these effects. 
three major chokepoints, the military must allocate significant manpower and resources to keeping those sea lanes open and secure. Moreover, as the military transitions from largescale land engagements in the Middle East and towards a broader engagement in the AsiaPacific, the costs and logistical challenges associated with moving fuel over thousands of miles of ocean will only increase. 
the need for energy security isn’t going away any time soon. And we shouldn’t impede progress of alternatives that are moving forward now. Four years of partnership between the Departments of Defense, Energy, and Agriculture have seen impressive progress in the development of advanced, ‘‘drop in’’ biofuels that will allow the military to turn away from an outdated fuel source. Top line military platforms as diverse as the super sonic F/A–18 ‘‘Green Hornet,’’ the Air Force’s F16 fighter jets, the MH–60S Seahawk helicopter, the AV–8B Harrier, the Fire Scout unmanned vehicle, the Riverine Command Boat (RCBX) and the frigate USS Ford have all operated at full capacity and with no averse side effects using Americanmade biofuels. 
and service have spoken out in favor of the continued investment in biofuels for reasons of cost and capabilities alike. These voices, rather than political leanings or parochial interests, must steer national security policy. Accordingly, we urge you to withdraw the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015 and to ensure that the U.S. military is free to pursue the fuel sources its leaders deign necessary for maximum operational and tactical success. 
the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ), who is the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
to the gentlewoman’s amendment and in support of the underlying reforms included in H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
limitation included in the underlying bill that prevents the Department of Energy from using funding authorized for the EERE Biofuels program to conduct commercial production of biofuels for defense purposes. 
too much of their current budget on deployment and commercialization of renewable and energy efficient technologies instead of research and development. 
commercialscale biofuels production for military purposes in cooperation with the Department of Defense and USDA is just one example. 
is part of a broader problem. Department of Energy research and development programs should be focused on science, not creating a market for certain types of fuels. The DOE should focus on a new idea for the market, not a market for the new idea. 
billions annually on fuel costs, billions. When viable biofuels technology is able to compete with conventional fuels— trust me—the private sector can and will develop commercialscale biofuels production to meet demand. It is just that simple, Mr. Chairman. 
And despite significant Federal programs to support the use of biofuels, a recent GAO, Government Accountability Office, study concluded that the longterm viability of alternative fuels is dependent on market factors, not Federal funds or mandates. That same study reported that the Department of Defense paid $150 per gallon for 1,500 gallons of alternative jet fuel derived from algal oil. Taxpayers should be outraged. 
The other side may be, in fact, promoting their global warming theory because when taxpayers find out about this kind of waste, there are going to be a lot of them hot under the collar. 
focus on research and development, not commercial biofuels production. This limitation is consistent with the broader goals of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act, which prioritizes research and development in all R&D program areas while cutting spending on deployment and commercialization. 
other side somehow thinks Congress shouldn’t be paying attention to the way taxpayer dollars are spent. 
please inquire as to the amount of time remaining. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ), a member of the Science, 
of this amendment, and I am glad to be working with Congresswoman BONAMICI and my colleague on the 
Department of Energy to continue its collaborative work with the Department of Defense to produce biofuels for the military. 
single largest institutional consumer of fuel in the world, and this is all about saving money because our military spends about $20 billion a year on energy, $16 billion of which goes to oil fuels. 
global oil markets are volatile. And despite massive production increases in the United States, according to the Energy Information Administration, last year, our net imports of petroleum were 5 million barrels per day, with our top five suppliers being Canada, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Venezuela, and Iraq. That reliance on a volatile, foreign produced source of fuel puts our national security at risk, particularly when we face dynamic, new threats from nonstate actors such as ISIS, al Qaeda, or individual terrorists who can disrupt oil production and supply lines in new and intimidating ways. 
The constraints of depending so heavily on a single source of fuel also puts our readiness at risk, a problem that will only increase as we are forced to respond to international incidents across the globe at a moment’s notice and as our military makes its strategic pivot toward the vast Pacific Ocean. 
Instead of standing idly by and waiting for a fuelsupply crisis that would endanger our ability to confront those wanting to harm our country, the Departments of Defense, Energy, and Agriculture have been working with private sector innovators to develop renewable biofuels that could be used by planes, tactical vehicles, and ships. 
partnerships with algae producers and their highskilled workers in my district in San Diego. 
groundwork for more strategic public private partnerships to develop like those in San Diego, not mandating that they cannot exist. 
supply diversity because they are tree hugging environmentalists but because it is a national security imperative. 
would bar the Department of Defense from working with the Department of Energy on developing biofuels. Why would we undercut an effort that our military commanders are for and say will save lives? 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ), a member of the 
my dear friend, Ms. BONAMICI , for yielding and for her leadership on this important issue. 
the Department of Energy and the Department of Defense to continue working together to develop biofuel options for our Nation’s military. 
fuel deepens dependence on foreign oil, threatens our national security, and contributes significantly to spending. Why would we not want the Department of Energy with their deep technical expertise in this area to assist DOD to create alternatives for petroleumbased fuels? It makes no sense, and I urge my colleagues’ support. 
in closing, the gentlewoman’s amendment would remove an important limitation from the underlying bill that prevents the Department of Energy from spending research dollars to fund commercialscale biofuels development for defense purposes. DOE should focus on innovative research and development, not commercial production of any particular form of energy. 
encourage Members to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Oregon will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
amendment at the desk for Mr. DESAULNIER and myself. 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
support of our amendment, which would restore the ARPAE goal of developing energy technologies that result in reductions in energyrelated emissions, including greenhouse gases. I believe this is an important and urgent area of research and that it should remain explicitly stated in the statute as a goal for ARPAE. 
it says: The goals of ARPAE shall be reductions of 
imports of energy from foreign sources; reductions of energyrelated emissions, including greenhouses gases; and improvement in the energy efficiency of all economic sectors. 
been removed from the current bill. Global carbon dioxide concentrations have risen more than 120 parts per million since preindustrial times, half of that arrived just since 1980. The burning of coal, oil, and natural gas is driving the acceleration of greenhouse gas concentrations in our atmosphere. Just 2 weeks ago, NOAA reported that the monthly global average of concentration of carbon dioxide has surpassed 400 parts per million. The last time this happened was over 1 million years ago. 
energy sources that will reduce manmade emissions. ARPAE is a unique agency that can help us with this mission. Since 2009, it has funded over 400 potentially transformational energy technology projects. A number of these projects have spurred followon private sector funding, and a number of ARPA E awardees have formed startup companies or partnered with other parts of the government and industry to advance their technologies. 
including greenhouse gases, is an important component to our Nation’s economic and energy security. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support our amendment to reinstate these three goals for ARPAE, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ), who is also the chairman 
of the Oversight Subcommittee of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
rise to oppose this amendment to H.R. 1806 because I support research that will enhance both the economic security and the energy security of the United States. 
Act, which established the Advanced Research Projects Agency within the Department of Energy, ARPAE, required the agency to only pursue projects that reduce greenhouse gases. The bill before us today, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act, allows any advanced energy technology that could enhance U.S. economic and energy security to compete for ARPA E funding. This levels the playing field and ensures that ARPAE funds research with the greatest potential to have a positive impact on the American economy. 
The COMPETES Act provides a balanced approach to ARPAE by reprioritizing funding towards innovative projects that are truly in need of Federal research dollars. The bill also removes restrictions that allow the administration to play favorites in the energy sector. However, this amendment would strike the language which expands the ARPAE project eligibility. As a result, this amendment would then limit innovative research and development. 
challenges we face today, from terrorism, to cybersecurity breaches, to our skyrocketing national debt, we should focus our attention on broadening our energy base and achieving energy independence, not limiting ourselves to one small area of environmental science. I believe we must adopt an alloftheabove energy strategy that improves our energy security and emphasizes all energy opportunities, including those which reduce greenhouse gases. 
Congress should not put in place arbitrary limits on innovation that will prevent groundbreaking technologies from across the energy sector from participating in ARPAE programs. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), the 
ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
to me that this amendment had to be offered. This amendment fixes a provision in this bill that strips away a foundational component of the ARPA E program. 
As virtually every preeminent climatologist in the world agrees, greenhouse gas emissions are growing so rapidly and are a growing threat to our way of life. Why wouldn’t we want one of the most innovative agencies to develop technologies that could address this critical issue? 
choices supporting valuable research, as proven by its impressive track record of successful projects since it was first authorized. I certainly see no value in changing something that no serious energy policy analyst believes is broken. 
amendment sets this clearly misguided provision aside. I enthusiastically support it and urge my colleagues to do so as well. 
interest to the rebuttal of the alternative argument from my friend, Mr. LOUDERMILK , and I found myself agreeing with almost everything that he said, but misunderstanding why retaining these three goals somehow played favorites, how they created arbitrary limits on innovation, and how they opposed efforts to find our economic and 
amendment is to recognize that reducing dependence on foreign oil, that trying to find ways to limit greenhouse gases, and improving the energy efficiency of all economic sectors are worthy goals. 
Perhaps what we need to do is add a 
fourth one, which I would be happy to place first if the chairman would agree, that says the goals will be, first, to develop any breakthroughs in innovation that help the economic and energy security of the Nation so that there is no playing of favorites and there are no arbitrary limitations. If we could work that out, that would be great. Otherwise, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment as offered, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
the gentleman’s amendment would remove key policy reforms to ARPAE from the COMPETES bill and instead place limitations on the research and development conducted at ARPAE. Federally funded research should include innovative technologies for all forms of energy, not just the President’s personal preferences. So I encourage Members to oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
Federal budget. Federal basic research accounts for only 1 percent of the budget. 
is investing and what it should be investing to remain competitive, not only in research but in technology transfer, innovation, and job creation, thereby causing America’s highly successful science and technology enterprise to atrophy. 
Technology Policy, Organization, and Priorities Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 6651) is amended— 
Coordinating Council for Science, Engineering, and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘National Science and Technology Council’’; 
Office of Science and Technology Policy shall establish or designate a working group under the National Science and Technology Council with the responsibility of reviewing Federal regulatory and reporting requirements across Federal agencies that affect the conduct of United States research in an effort to reduce regulatory burdens and to eliminate and harmonize duplicative regulatory and reporting requirements. 
or duplicative research regulations and reporting requirements across Federal agencies; 
could be refocused on performancebased goals rather than on process while still meeting the desired outcome; 
guidance documents adhere with the most recently updated version of the Office of Management and Budget’s Agency Good Guidance Practices bulletin; and 
3 years a strategic plan for streamlining Federal regulations and reporting requirements that affect the conduct of United States research that contains, at a minimum— 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit the priority list and 
Section 24 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) is amended— 
and inserting ‘‘on a publicly accessible Government website, such as www.challenge.gov,’’; and 
may negotiate a license for the use of intellectual property developed by a participant for a prize competition. 
or agencies in cooperation may require participants to agree in advance to a specific approach to intellectual property as a condition for eligibility to participate in a prize competition.’’; 
‘‘may enter into’’ and inserting ‘‘a grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or other agreement with a private sector forprofit or nonprofit entity to administer the prize competition, subject to the provisions of this section.’’; 
providing a prize’’ and insert ‘‘a prize competition or providing a cash prize purse’’; and 
prizes’’ both places it occurs and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
topical areas and agencyspecific mission needs that may be the strongest opportunities for prize competitions during the upcoming 2 fiscal years.’’. 
cited as the ‘‘International Science and Technology Cooperation Act of 2015’’. 
Office of Science and Technology Policy shall establish a body under the National Science and Technology Council (NSTC) with the responsibility to identify and coordinate international science and technology cooperation that can strengthen the United States science and technology enterprise, improve economic and national security, and support United States foreign policy goals. 
for aligning, as appropriate, international science and technology cooperative research and training activities and partnerships supported or managed by Federal agencies with the foreign policy goals of the United States; 
input and recommendations from nonFederal science and technology stakeholders, including universities, scientific and professional societies, industry, and relevant organizations and institutions; and 
ability of United States scientists and engineers to collaborate with foreign counterparts, including barriers to collaboration and access to scientific information. 
the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit a report, to be updated annually, to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. The report shall also be made available to the public on the reporting agency’s website. The report shall contain a description of— 
United States scientists and engineers to collaborate with foreign counterparts. 
activities, including collaboration between domestic and international government, industry, and academic science and engineering organizations, are important to promoting innovation and knowledge creation. 
trade events support the sharing of information, processes, and data within the scientific and engineering communities. 
to their respective missions, as is relevant for future program planning; 
leadership both of the specific agency and of the United States. 
financial support for external research and development activities, participation in scientific and technical conferences can help ensure that funds are directed toward the most promising ideas, thereby maximizing the Federal investment. 
given budget, security, and other constraints, the National Science Foundation, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the Department of Energy, in addition to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, should support Federal employee and contractor attendance at scientific and technical conferences and trade events as relevant both to employee and contractor duties and to the agency’s mission. 
the Federal agency help offset total costs to the Federal Government; 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘National Nanotechnology Initiative Amendments Act of 2015’’. 
The 21st Century Nanotechnology Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7501 et seq.) is amended— 
for the Program, the anticipated timeframe for achieving the nearterm objectives, and the metrics to be used for assessing progress toward the objectives, and that describes— 
out of the laboratory and into applications for the benefit of society, including through cooperation and collaborations with nanotechnology research, development, and technology transition initiatives supported by the States; and 
importance in accordance with the requirements of section 116 of the National Nanotechnology Initiative Amendments Act of 2015;’’; 
fiscal year, for each agency that participates in the Program, and for each program component area;’’; and 
participating in the Program shall support the activities of committees involved in the development of standards for nanotechnology and may reimburse the travel costs of scientists and engineers who participate in activities of such committees.’’; 
accomplishments and its success in transferring technology to the private sector; and 
addressing ethical, legal, environmental, and other appropriate societal concerns, including human health concerns. 
the National Nanotechnology Coordination Office, working with the National Research Council and with input from the Advisory 
Panel, determines that a more narrowly focused review of the Program is in the best 
shall document the results of each triennial review carried out in accordance with this section in a report that includes any recommendations for changes to the Program’s objectives, technical content, or other policy or Program changes. Each report shall be submitted to the Director of the National Nanotechnology Coordination Office, who shall transmit it to the Advisory Panel, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives.’’; and 
means one or more dimensions of between approximately 1 and 100 nanometers.’’. 
HEALTH , ANDSAFETY RESEARCH .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall designate an associate director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy or other appropriate senior government official as the Coordinator for Environmental, Health, and Safety Research. The Coordinator shall be responsible for oversight of the coordination, planning, and budget prioritization of research and other activities related to environmental, health, safety, and other appropriate societal concerns related to nanotechnology. The responsibilities of the Coordinator shall include— 
of the agencies participating in the Program to allocate the level of resources and management attention necessary to ensure that the environmental, health, safety, and other appropriate societal concerns related to nanotechnology are addressed under the Program. 
of the National Science and Technology Council. In developing and updating the plan, the panel convened by the Coordinator shall solicit and be responsive to recommendations and advice from— 
nearterm objective and the estimated time and resources required to reach each milestone; 
major objective of the plan and the source of funding by agency for the current fiscal year. 
to introduce nanoscale science, engineering, and technology into undergraduate science and engineering education through a variety of interdisciplinary approaches. Activities supported may include— 
to prioritize, plan, and assess the educational activities supported under the Program. 
guidelines, and conditions for the submission and approval of applications for use of nanotechnology facilities; 
Program shall coordinate with industry from all industrial sectors that would benefit from applications of nanotechnology by— 
of new products and manufacturing processes derived from discovery at the nanoscale by working with industry, including small and mediumsized manufacturers; 
transferring nanotechnology products and processes from Federal agencies to industry; and 
between the Program and industry sectors, including regional partnerships. 
of research discoveries and the results of technology demonstration activities to industry for commercial development. 
and tools required for the rapid characterization of nanoscale materials and for monitoring of nanoscale manufacturing processes; and 
the synthesis of new nanoscale materials to achieve industriallevel production rates. 
develop environmentally benign nanoscale products and nanoscale manufacturing processes, taking into consideration relevant findings and results of research supported under the Environmental, Health, and Safety program component area, or any successor program component area; 
and engineers through interdisciplinary studies in the principles and techniques for the design and development of environmentally benign nanoscale products and processes. 
section 10 of the 21st Century Nanotechnology Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7509) have the meaning given those terms in that section. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Engineering Biology Research and Development Act of 2015’’. 
be used, mimicked, or redesigned to develop new products, processes, and systems that improve societal wellbeing, strengthen national security, and contribute to the economy. 
and engineers with a diverse and unique set of skills combining the biological, physical, and information sciences and engineering. 
necessary to create breakthroughs in engineering biology. Such research and development requires government investment as the benefits are too distant or uncertain for industry to support alone. 
important role by facilitating the development of tools and technologies to further advance engineering biology, including multiple user facilities that the Federal Government is uniquely able to support. 
the science and engineering of cellular and molecular processes to advance fundamental understanding of complex natural systems and to develop new and advance existing products, processes, and systems that will contribute significantly to societal well being, national security, and the economy; 
intersection of the biological, physical, and information sciences and engineering; 
advances the field of engineering biology and contributes to the adoption of new products, processes, and technologies; 
coordination of Federal Government activities related to engineering biology. 
are organized to investigate basic research questions and carry out technology development and demonstration activities; 
for tracking and quantifying the outputs and economic benefits of engineering biology; and 
and commercialization of new products, processes, and technologies by— 
and the formation of startup companies including through programs such as the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program. 
take into account ethical, legal, environmental, and other appropriate societal issues, including the need for safeguards and monitoring systems to protect society against the unintended release of engineered materials produced, by— 
Federal engineering biology research, development, and other activities undertaken pursuant to the Program; 
other activities on ethical, legal, environmental, and other appropriate societal issues related to engineering biology; and 
under this section, take into consideration the recommendations of the Advisory Committee, the results of the workshop convened under section 126, existing reports on related topics, and the views of academic, State, industry, and other appropriate groups. 
Committee shall prepare an annual report, to be submitted to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 90 days after submission of the President’s annual budget request, that includes— 
to which such budget request applies, and for the then current fiscal year, including a breakout of spending for each agency participating in the Program, and for the development and acquisition of any research facilities and instrumentation; and 
goals developed by the Interagency Committee are helping to maintain United States leadership in engineering biology; 
and other appropriate societal issues are adequately addressed by the Program. 
shall report within 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and thereafter not less frequently than once every 5 years, to the President, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, on its findings of the assessment carried out under this section and its recommendations for ways to improve the Program. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall enter into an agreement with the National Academies to convene a workshop to review the ethical, legal, environmental, and other appropriate societal issues related to engineering biology research and development. The goals of the workshop shall be to— 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a summary report containing the findings of the workshop convened under this section. 
part of the Program, the National Science Foundation shall— 
enable institutions to support graduate students and postdoctoral fellows who perform some of their engineering biology research in an industry setting. 
the Program, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall— 
to advance the development of standard reference materials and measurements and to create new data tools, techniques, and processes necessary to advance engineering biology and biomanufacturing; 
the development of guidelines and safeguards for new products, processes, and systems of engineering biology. 
research in engineering biology fields, including in the field of synthetic biology, and 
related to Earth and space sciences, aeronautics, space technology, and space exploration and experimentation, consistent with the priorities established in the National Academies’ decadal surveys; and 
that enable institutions to support graduate students and postdoctoral fellows who perform some of their engineering biology research in an industry setting. 
As part of the Program, the Environmental Protection Agency shall support research on how products, processes, and systems of engineering biology will affect the environment. 
It is the sense of Congress that the National Science and Technology Council’s Committee on STEM Education (CoSTEM), established under section 101 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621), has taken important initial steps toward developing and implementing a strategic plan for Federal investments in STEM education, but that more work must be done to solicit and take into account views and experience from stakeholders who help implement or are the beneficiaries of Federal STEM programs across the Nation. It is further the sense of Congress that science mission agencies such as the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration, and the Department of Energy are essential partners in contributing to the goals and implementation of a Federal STEM strategic plan because such agencies have unique scientific and technological facilities as well as highly trained scientists who are eager and able to contribute to improved STEM learning outcomes in their own communities. 
Section 101 of America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621) is amended— 
the limited STEM education funding and other assets, including intellectual capital, invested by Federal STEM agencies for maximum benefit to student learning;’’; 
agency proposals to consolidate or transfer budgets or functions for STEM education 
established or designated by the President under this subsection shall consist of members from academic institutions, industry, informal education providers, nonprofit STEM education organizations, foundations, and local and State educational agencies. Members of the Advisory Panel shall be qualified to provide advice on Federal STEM education programs, best practices in STEM education, assessment of STEM education programs, STEM education standards, industry needs for STEM graduates, and public private STEM education partnerships. 
Advisory Panel established under this subsection shall expire 3 years after the date of enactment of the America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2015.’’; and 
strategies to address grand challenges in research and development, including assessment, on the teaching and learning of STEM at the preK–12 level, in formal and informal settings, for diverse learning populations, including individuals identified in section 33 or 
34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a or 1885b); and 
teaching and learning of STEM across entire local educational agencies and States, including rural areas, and encompassing and integrating the teaching and learning of STEM in formal and informal venues; 
and STEM teacher professional development effective, including development of tools and methodologies to measure STEM teacher effectiveness; 
tools for teaching and learning, including massive open online courses; 
12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director and the Secretary shall report to Congress with a description of— 
research and development activities to address the grand challenges; 
and Mathematics (STEM) Talent Expansion Program set an important goal of increasing the number of students graduating with associate or baccalaureate degrees in the STEM fields, and this should continue to be a focus of that program; 
Expansion Program, as well as STEM education promotion programs across the Federal Government, innovative approaches are needed to enhance STEM education in the United States; 
and design, broadly defined, into Federal STEM programming, research, and innovation activities, is a methodvalidated approach to maintaining the competitiveness of the United States in both workforce and innovation and to increasing and broadening students’ engagement in the STEM fields; 
without supplanting the focus on the traditional STEM disciplines; 
STEAM activities under current and future grantmaking and other activities; and 
where appropriate, data collection, surveys, and reporting on STEM activities and grant making should examine activities that involve crossdisciplinary learning that integrates specialized skills and expertise from both art and science. 
shall enter into an arrangement with the National Research Council to conduct a workshop on the integration of arts and design with STEM education. The workshop shall include a discussion of— 
artists and designers may contribute to the advancement of science, engineering, and innovation, for example through the development of visualization aids for large experimental and computational data sets; 
can be better integrated into undergraduate engineering and other STEM curricula, including in the first two years of undergraduate studies, to enhance student capacity for creativity and innovation and improve student retention, including students from groups historically underrepresented in STEM; and 
science agencies should take to promote the inclusion of arts and design principles in their respective STEM programs and activities in order to improve student STEM learning outcomes, increase the recruitment and 
retention of students into STEM studies and careers, and increase innovation in the United States. 
Technology Policy shall develop guidance for Federal agencies to increase opportunities and training, as appropriate, for Federal scientists and engineers to participate in STEM engagement activities through their respective agencies and in their communities. 
of Science and Technology Policy, acting through the Federal science agencies, shall carry out programs and activities with the purpose of ensuring that Federal science agencies and institutions of higher education receiving Federal research and development funding are fully engaging their entire talent pool. 
understanding of the participation and trajectories of women and underrepresented minorities in STEM careers at institutions of higher education and Federal science agencies, including Federal laboratories. 
science agencies, including Federal laboratories, and institutions of higher education about cultural and institutional barriers limiting the recruitment, retention, promotion, and other indicators of participation and achievement of women and underrepresented minorities in academic and Government STEM research careers at all levels. 
higher education to recruit, retain, and advance STEM faculty members from underrepresented minority groups and to implement or expand reforms in undergraduate STEM education in order to increase the number of students from underrepresented minority groups receiving degrees in these fields. 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall provide guidance to Federal science agencies to establish policies that— 
caregiving responsibilities, including care for a newborn or newly adopted child and care for an immediate family member who is sick or disabled; and 
at the discretion of the head of each agency. 
such guidance, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall encourage uniformity and consistency in the policies across all agencies. 
the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy in such form as required by the Director. 
agency shall collect standardized record level annual information on demographics, primary field, award type, budget request, funding outcome, and awarded budget for all applications for meritreviewed research and development grants to institutions of higher education and Federal laboratories supported by that agency. 
paragraph is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
the National Science Foundation shall publish statistical summary data collected under this section, disaggregated and cross tabulated by race, ethnicity, gender, age, and years since completion of doctoral degree, including in conjunction with the National Science Foundation’s report required by section 37 of the Science and Technology Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885d; Public Law 96–516). 
of Science and Technology Policy, in collaboration with the Director of the National Science Foundation, shall identify information and best practices useful for educating program officers and members of standing peer review committees at Federal science agencies about— 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall report to Congress on what steps all Federal science agencies have taken to implement policies and practices to minimize the effects of bias in the review of extramural and intramural Federal research grants. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and at least every 5 years thereafter, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall carry out a survey to collect institution level data on the demographics of STEM faculty, by broad fields of STEM, at different types of institutions of higher education. 
who are in nontenuretrack positions, including teaching and research; 
who are reviewed for promotion, including tenure, and the percentage of that number who are promoted, including being awarded tenure; 
National Science Foundation shall publish statistical summary data collected under this section, including as part of the National Science Foundation’s report required by section 37 of the Science and Technology Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885d; Public Law 96–516). 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Director of the National Science Foundation $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018 to develop and carry out the 
than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall develop written guidance for institutions of higher education on the best practices for— 
surveys of STEM departments, with a particular focus on identifying any cultural or institutional barriers to or successful enablers for the recruitment, retention, promotion, and other indicators of participation and achievement, of women and underrepresented minorities in STEM degree programs and academic STEM careers; and 
than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall develop written guidance for Federal laboratories to develop and implement practices and policies to— 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall recommend a uniform policy for Federal science agencies to carry out a program 
of workshops that educate STEM department chairs at institutions of higher education, senior managers at Federal laboratories, and other federally funded researchers about methods that minimize the effects of implicit bias in the career advancement, including hiring, tenure, promotion, and selection for any honor based in part on the recipient’s research record, of academic and Federal STEM researchers. 
STEM department chairs and other academic researchers, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall prioritize workshops for the broad fields of STEM in which the national rate of representation of women among tenured or tenuretrack faculty or nonfaculty researchers at doctorate granting institutions of higher education is less than 25 percent, according to the most recent data available from the National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics. 
carry out the program of workshops under this subsection by making grants to eligible organizations. In addition to any other organizations made eligible by the Federal science agencies, the following organizations are eligible for grants under this subsection: 
societies and organizations that represent one or more STEM disciplines. 
primary mission of advancing the participation of women or underrepresented minorities in STEM. 
(ii) in the case of Federal laboratories, individuals with personnel management responsibilities comparable to those of an institution of higher education department chair. 
funding by an organization seeking to carry out a workshop under this subsection shall include a description of how such organization will— 
by invitees in workshops, including information on the home institution and department of attendees, and the rank of faculty attendees; 
institutional policy or practice changes reported by attendees not later than 1 year after attendance in such a workshop. 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall submit a report to Congress that includes— 
the Director of the National Science Foundation $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out this section. 
level data collected under section 214 and section 216, consistent with policies to ensure the privacy of individuals identifiable by such data; 
policies and practices that are implemented under this subtitle or that are otherwise consistent with the purposes of this subtitle; 
science agencies and professional associations to exchange best practices, harmonize worklife accommodation policies and practices, and overcome common barriers to worklife accommodation; and 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Director of the National Science Foundation $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out this section. 
Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall submit a report to Congress that includes— 
to the policies for review of Federal research grants required under section 215, and any evidence of the impact of such policies on the review or awarding of Federal research grants; and 
Science Foundation shall award grants to institutions of higher education (or consortia thereof) for the development of innovative reform efforts designed to increase the recruitment, retention, and advancement of individuals from underrepresented minority groups in academic STEM careers. 
shall be awarded under this section on a meritreviewed, competitive basis. 
such as data analyses and policy review, in order to identify and address specific issues in the recruitment, retention, and advancement of faculty members from underrepresented minority groups; 
training courses for administrators and search committee members to ensure that candidates from underrepresented minority groups are not subject to implicit biases in the search and hiring process; 
interinstitutional workshops to propagate best practices in recruiting, retaining, and advancing faculty members from underrepresented minority groups; 
education (or consortia thereof) seeking funding under this section shall submit an application to the Director of the National Science Foundation at such time, in such manner, and containing such information and assurances as such Director may require. The application shall include, at a minimum, a description of— 
and how the proposed reform effort would address such issues; 
submitting an application plans to sustain the proposed reform effort beyond the duration of the grant; and 
the proposed reform effort will be evaluated and assessed in order to contribute to the national knowledge base about models for catalyzing institutional change. 
grant recipients under this section, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall consider, at a minimum— 
higher education will sustain or expand the proposed reform effort beyond the period of the grant; and 
the National Science Foundation shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that grants awarded under this section are made to a variety of types of institutions of higher education. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Director of the National Science Foundation $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out this section. 
Science Foundation shall award grants to institutions of higher education (or consortia thereof) to implement or expand research based reforms in undergraduate STEM education for the purpose of recruiting and retaining students from minority groups who 
are underrepresented in STEM fields, with a priority focus on natural science and engineering fields. 
shall be awarded under this section on a meritreviewed, competitive basis. 
cohort, tutoring, or mentoring programs designed to enhance the recruitment and retention of students from underrepresented minority groups in STEM fields; 
development programs focused on improving retention of undergraduate STEM students from underrepresented minority groups; 
at increasing the number of STEM students from underrepresented minority groups beyond a single course or group of courses to achieve reform within an entire academic unit, or expansion of successful reform efforts beyond a single academic unit to other STEM academic units within an institution of higher education; 
from underrepresented minority groups to conduct STEM research in industry, at Federal laboratories, and at international research institutions or research sites; 
postdoctoral fellows from underrepresented minority groups to participate in instructional or assessment activities at primarily undergraduate institutions, including primarily undergraduate minorityserving institutions and twoyear institutions of higher education; and 
education (or consortium thereof) seeking a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Director of the National Science Foundation at such time, in such manner, and containing such information and assurances as such Director may require. The application shall include, at a minimum— 
that will serve as the basis for the proposed reform effort or, in the case of applications that propose an expansion of a previously implemented reform, a description of the previously implemented reform effort, including data about the recruitment, retention, and academic achievement of students from underrepresented minority groups; 
proposed reform effort will be evaluated and assessed in order to contribute to the national knowledge base about models for catalyzing institutional change. 
grant recipients under this section, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall consider, at a minimum— 
sustain or expand the proposed reform effort beyond the period of the grant; and 
the National Science Foundation shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that grants awarded under this section are made to a variety of types of institutions of higher education, including twoyear and minority serving institutions of higher education. 
this section shall include an education research component that will support the design and implementation of a system for data collection and evaluation of proposed reform efforts in order to build the knowledge base on promising models for increasing recruitment and retention of students from underrepresented minority groups in STEM education at the undergraduate level across a diverse set of institutions. 
National Science Foundation shall coordinate with relevant Federal agencies in disseminating the results of the research under this subsection to ensure that best practices in broadening participation in STEM education at the undergraduate level are made readily available to all institutions of higher education, other Federal agencies that support STEM programs, nonFederal funders of STEM education, and the general public. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Director of the National Science Foundation $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out this section. 
‘‘Federal science agency’’ means any Federal agency with at least $100,000,000 in research and development expenditures in fiscal year 2014. 
science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including other academic subjects that build on these disciplines such as computer science. 
science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including other academic subjects 
that build on these disciplines such as computer science.’’. 
appropriated to the Foundation $7,723,550,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
the Office of the National Science Board, including salaries and compensation for members of the Board and staff appointed under section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863), travel and training costs for members of the Board and such staff, general and Board operating expenses, representational expenses for the Board, honorary awards made by the Board, Board reports (other than the report entitled ‘‘Science and Engineering Indicators’’), and contracts; and 
appropriated to the Foundation $8,099,010,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
the Office of the National Science Board, including salaries and compensation for members of the Board and staff appointed under section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863), travel and training costs for members of the Board and such staff, general and Board operating expenses, representational expenses for the Board, honorary awards made by the Board, Board reports (other than the report entitled ‘‘Science and Engineering Indicators’’), and contracts; and 
appropriated to the Foundation $8,493,560,000 for fiscal year 2018. 
the Office of the National Science Board, including salaries and compensation for members of the Board and staff appointed under 
section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863), travel and training costs for members of the Board and such staff, general and Board operating expenses, representational expenses for the Board, honorary awards made by the Board, Board reports (other than the report entitled ‘‘Science and Engineering Indicators’’), and contracts; and 
appropriated to the Foundation $8,907,820,000 for fiscal year 2019. 
the Office of the National Science Board, including salaries and compensation for members of the Board and staff appointed under section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863), travel and training costs for members of the Board and such staff, general and Board operating expenses, representational expenses for the Board, honorary awards made by the Board, Board reports (other than the report entitled ‘‘Science and Engineering Indicators’’), and contracts; and 
appropriated to the Foundation $9,342,790,000 for fiscal year 2020. 
the Office of the National Science Board, including salaries and compensation for members of the Board and staff appointed under section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863), travel and training costs for members of the Board and such staff, general and Board operating expenses, representational expenses for the Board, honorary awards made by the Board, Board reports (other than the report entitled ‘‘Science and Engineering Indicators’’), and contracts; and 
Foundation’s investments in social, behavioral, and economic research have addressed challenges, including— 
patients, leading to a dramatic growth in paired kidney transplants; 
models that help to yield significant reductions in crime; 
theories underlying the Federal Communications Commission spectrum auction, which 
States troops in crosscultural communication and in identifying threats; and 
cybersecurity, transportation, and national defense, supporting informed decisionmaking in foreign and domestic policy. 
Congress that in order to achieve its mission ‘‘to promote the progress of science; to advance the national health, prosperity, and welfare; to secure the national defense’’ the Foundation must continue to support unfettered, competitive, meritreviewed basic research across all fields of science and engineering, including the social, behavioral, and economic sciences. 
Broader Impacts criteria remain appropriate for evaluating grant proposals, as concluded by the 2011 National Science Board Task Force on Merit Review; 
Foundation’s Intellectual Merit and Broader Impacts criteria ensures that— 
on project management, including providing expert assistance on nonscientific and nontechnical aspects of project planning, budgeting, implementation, management, and oversight; and 
Director shall appoint a senior agency official within the Office of the Director whose primary responsibility is oversight of major research facilities. The duties of this official shall include— 
Science Board for approval and oversight of major research facilities; and 
necessary Foundation policies and guidelines for the development and construction of major research facilities. 
that the Foundation’s policies for developing and managing major research facility construction costs are consistent with the best practices described in the March 2009 General Accountability Office Report GAO–09–3SP. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to Congress a report describing the Foundation’s policies for developing and managing major research facility construction costs, including a description of any aspects of the policies that diverge from the best practices recommended in General Accountability Office Report GAO–09–3SP. 
educators, mentors, institutions, and collaborations, and supporting specialized education and training, ICorps is at the leading edge of a strong, lasting foundation for an American innovation ecosystem. 
out a program to award grants for entrepreneurship and commercialization education to Foundationfunded researchers to increase the economic and social impact of federally funded research. 
shall be to increase the capacity of STEM researchers and students to successfully engage in entrepreneurial activities and to help transition the results of federally funded research into the marketplace by— 
lead to the practical deployment of technologies, products, processes, and services that improve the Nation’s economic competitiveness; 
and national networks of entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, and other industry representatives who can serve as mentors to researchers and students at Foundationfunded institutions across the country. 
awarded under this subsection may be used to help support— 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 
science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including other academic subjects that build on these disciplines such as computer science. 
Board shall review and evaluate the appropriateness of the Foundation’s portfolio of STEM education programs and activities at the preK–12 and undergraduate levels, including informal education, taking into account the mission of the Foundation and the 
the date of enactment of this Act, the National Science Board shall submit to Congress a report summarizing their findings and including— 
internal reorganization, including consolidation, of the Foundation’s STEM education programs and activities, taking into account both the mission of the Foundation and the 2013 Federal STEM Education 5Year Strategic Plan; 
the Foundation’s role in helping to implement the Federal STEM Education 5Year Strategic Plan, including opportunities for the Foundation to more effectively partner and collaborate with other Federal agencies; and 
regarding specific management, policy, budget, or other steps the Foundation should take to increase effectiveness and accountability across its portfolio of STEM education programs and activities. 
into an agreement with the National Research Council to convene a workshop or roundtable to examine models of Federal support for STEM graduate students, including the Foundation’s Graduate Research Fellowship program and comparable fellowship programs at other agencies, traineeship programs, and the research assistant model. 
or roundtable shall be to compare and evaluate the extent to which each of these models helps to prepare graduate students for diverse careers utilizing STEM degrees, including at diverse types of institutions of higher education, in industry, and at government agencies and research laboratories, and to make recommendations regarding— 
education and training program for graduate students distinct from programs that provide direct financial support, including the grants authorized in section 527 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–15). 
the date of enactment of this Act, the National Research Council shall submit to Congress a summary report of the findings and recommendations of the workshop or roundtable convened under this section. 
Section 17 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–6) is amended to read as follows: 
the Directorate for Education and Human Resources, shall award grants, on a competitive, meritreviewed basis, to institutions of higher education (or to consortia thereof) and to other eligible nonprofit organizations to reform undergraduate STEM education for the purpose of increasing the number and quality of students studying toward and completing baccalaureate degrees in STEM and improving the STEM learning outcomes for all undergraduate students. 
UNDERGRADUATE STEM E DUCATION .—In carrying out the requirements of this section, the Directorate for Education and Human Resources shall collaborate and coordinate with the Research Directorates, including through the establishment of an interdirectorate working group on undergraduate STEM education reform, in order to identify and implement new and expanded opportunities for collaboration between STEM disciplinary researchers and education researchers on the reform of undergraduate STEM education. 
supported by grants under this section may encompass a single discipline, multiple disciplines, or interdisciplinary education at the undergraduate level, and may include— 
achieve reform within an entire academic unit, or expansion of successful reform efforts beyond a single academic unit to other STEM academic units within an institution or to comparable academic units at other institutions. 
and commitment to, the proposed effort, including longterm commitment to implement and scale successful strategies resulting from the current effort; 
institutional policies and practices regarding faculty hiring, promotion, tenure, and teaching assignment that reward faculty contributions to undergraduate STEM education; and 
grant recipients for funding under this section, the Director shall consider, as appropriate to the scale of the proposed effort— 
will sustain or expand the effort beyond the period of the grant; and 
shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that grants awarded under this section are made to a variety of types of institutions of higher education.’’. 
a competitive, merit reviewed basis, to community colleges for the development and implementation of innovative advanced manufacturing education reforms to ensure an adequate and welltrained advanced manufacturing workforce. Activities supported by grants under this subsection may include— 
of faculty professional development programs that enhance a faculty member’s capabilities and teaching skills in advanced manufacturing, including efforts to understand current advanced manufacturing technologies and practices; 
and retention of students into certification and degree programs in advanced manufacturing, including the provision of improved mentoring and internship opportunities; 
private sector entities to ensure the development of an advanced manufacturing workforce with the skills necessary to meet regional economic needs; and 
Section 9 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n) is amended— 
Section 10A of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–1a) is amended— 
(ii) by striking the period at the end of 
master’s degree and leadership training to prepare individuals to become master teachers in elementary and secondary schools; and 
outofschool STEM learning and emerging STEM learning environments in order to improve STEM learning outcomes and engagement in STEM; and 
by grants under this section may encompass a single STEM discipline, multiple STEM disciplines, or integrative STEM initiatives and shall include— 
learning models, programs, and other resources for informal learning environments to improve STEM learning outcomes and increase engagement for K–12 students, K–12 teachers, and the general public, including design and testing of the scalability of models, programs, and other resources. 
through the Directorate for Education and Human Resources, shall award competitive, meritreviewed grants to support research and development on alignment, implementation, impact, and ongoing improvement of standards and equivalent learning expectations used by States in mathematics, science, and, as appropriate, other State based STEM standards. 
under this section, the Director shall consider proposals for research and development, including, as appropriate, largescale research and development, of— 
that are likely to contribute to the alignment, implementation, impact, and ongoing improvement of standards in STEM subjects. 
Institute of Standards and Technology Authorization Act of 2015’’. 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $1,119,700,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2016. 
Network for Manufacturing Innovation Program established under section 34 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $1,174,390,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2017. 
Network for Manufacturing Innovation Program established under section 34 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
$1,207,100,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2018. 
Network for Manufacturing Innovation Program established under section 34 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $1,251,960,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2019. 
Network for Manufacturing Innovation Program established under section 34 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $1,299,060,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2020. 
Network for Manufacturing Innovation Program established under section 34 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) is amended to read as follows: 
the Director shall provide assistance for the creation and support of regional manufacturing extension centers for the transfer of manufacturing technology and best business practices. These centers shall be known as the ‘Hollings Manufacturing Extension Centers’ (in this Act referred to as the ‘Centers’). The program under this section shall be known as the ‘Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership’. 
affiliated with any United Statesbased public or nonprofit institution or organization, or group thereof, that applies for and is awarded financial assistance under this section. 
industry, institutions of higher education, State governments, other Federal agencies, and, when appropriate, the Institute in cooperative technology transfer activities; 
technology and processes usable by United Statesbased small and mediumsized companies; 
engineering, technical, and management information about manufacturing to industrial firms, including small and mediumsized manufacturing companies; 
and mediumsized manufacturing companies expand into new markets, including global markets; 
the expertise and capability that exists in Federal laboratories other than the Institute; and 
and area career and technical education schools of information about the job skills needed in small and mediumsized manufacturing businesses in the regions they serve. 
of research findings and Center expertise to a wide range of companies and enterprises, particularly small and mediumsized manufacturers; and 
partnerships between small and medium sized manufacturing companies and community colleges and area career and technical education schools to help such colleges and schools better understand the specific needs of manufacturers and to help manufacturers better understand the skill sets that students learn in the programs offered by such colleges and schools. 
provide to a Center up to 50 percent of the capital and annual operating and maintenance funds required to create and maintain such Center. 
implement, review, and update the sections of the Code of Federal Regulations related to this section at least once every 5 years. 
institution, or consortium thereof, may submit to the Secretary an application for financial support under this section, in accordance with the procedures established by the Secretary. 
meeting the 50percent requirement, it is anticipated that a Center will enter into agreements with other entities such as private industry, institutions of higher education, and State governments to accomplish programmatic objectives and access new and existing resources that will further the impact of the Federal investment made on behalf of small and mediumsized manufacturing companies. 
subject each such application to merit review. In making a decision whether to approve such application and provide financial support under this section, the Secretary shall consider, at a minimum, the following: 
panel shall be composed of independent experts, none of whom shall be connected with the involved Center, and Federal officials. 
evaluation panel shall measure the involved Center’s performance against the objectives specified in this section. 
evaluation panel shall be notified by the panel of the deficiencies in its performance and shall be placed on a corrective action plan and provided the opportunity to address deficiencies unless immediate action is necessary to protect the public interest. The program shall reevaluate the Center within one year and if the Center has not addressed the deficiencies identified by the panel, or shown a significant improvement in its performance, the Director shall conduct a new competition or may close the Center. 
After the fifth year, a Center may receive additional financial support under this section if it has received a positive evaluation through an independent review, under procedures established by the Institute. 
serve simultaneously on more than one Center’s oversight board or serve as a contractor providing services to a Center. 
chapter 18 of title 35, United States Code, shall apply, to the extent not inconsistent with this section, to the promotion of technology from research by Centers under this section except for contracts for such specific technology extension or transfer services as may be specified by statute or by the Director. 
as may be appropriated to the Secretary and Director to operate the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, the Secretary and Director also may accept funds from 
within the Institute a Manufacturing Extension Partnership Advisory Board (in this subsection referred to as the ‘MEP Advisory Board’). 
Board shall consist of not fewer than 10 members broadly representative of stakeholders, to be appointed by the Director. At least 2 members shall be employed by or on an advisory board for the Centers, at least 1 member shall represent a community college, and at least 5 other members shall be from United States small businesses in the manufacturing sector. No member shall be an employee of the Federal Government. 
to fill a vacancy occurring prior to the expiration of the term for which his predecessor was appointed shall be appointed for the remainder of such term. 
person who has completed two consecutive full terms of service on the MEP Advisory Board shall thereafter be ineligible for appointment during the oneyear period following the expiration of the second such term. 
shall meet not less than 2 times annually and shall provide to the Director— 
under this subsection, the MEP Advisory Board shall function solely in an advisory capacity, in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act. 
Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the MEP Advisory Board. 
awards under this subsection shall be the Centers, or a consortium of such Centers. 
under this subsection is to add capabilities to the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, including the development of projects to solve new or emerging manufacturing problems as determined by the Director, in consultation with the Director of the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, the MEP Advisory Board, and small and mediumsized manufacturers. 
competition may be identified, which may vary from year to year, depending on the needs of manufacturers and the success of previous competitions. These themes may include— 
building technologies and environmentally friendly materials, products, and processes; 
the technological needs of manufacturers and available technologies from institutions of higher education, laboratories, and other technology producing entities; and 
areas of manufacturing extension activities, including projects related to construction industry modernization. 
awards under this subsection shall be submitted in such manner, at such time, and containing such information as the Director shall require, in consultation with the MEP Advisory Board. 
stability of that region, including the creation of jobs or training employees. 
awards under this subsection shall not be required to provide a matching contribution. 
markets, including support for transitioning to the production of components for renewable energy and energy efficiency systems. 
not undertake any activity to accelerate the domestic commercialization of a new product technology under this subsection unless an analysis of market demand for the new product technology has been conducted. 
small and mediumsized manufacturers that prevent such manufacturers from effectively competing in the global market; 
ensure that the activities carried out under this subsection are coordinated with, and do not duplicate the efforts of, other export assistance programs within the Federal Government. 
will provide small and mediumsized manufacturers with greater access to and knowledge of global markets; and 
Centers to assist such manufacturers in implementing appropriate, targeted solutions to such obstacles. 
technical education school’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302). 
Not later than 6 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall enter into a contract with the National Academies to conduct a single, comprehensive review of the Institute’s laboratory programs. The review shall— 
of the 2010 laboratory reorganization on the Institute’s ability to fulfill its mission; 
development activities are planned, coordinated, and executed across the laboratories; and 
Section 8 of the National Bureau of Standards Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1983 (15 U.S.C. 275b) is amended— 
AND WITH ’’ after ‘‘ PERFORMED FOR ’’; and 
‘‘The Secretary may accept, apply for, use, and spend Federal, State, and nongovernmental acquisition and assistance funds to further the mission of the Institute without regard to the source or the period of availability of these funds as well as share personnel, associates, facilities, and property with these partner organizations, with or without reimbursement, upon mutual agreement.’’. 
of the of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278e) is amended— 
employees of the Institute’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation services for employees, associates, or fellows of the Institute’’; and 
of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g–2) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘The Director, in conjunction with the National Academy of Sciences, shall establish and conduct a postdoctoral fellowship program that shall include not less than 20 new fellows per fiscal year. In evaluating applications for fellowships under this section, the Director shall give consideration to the goal of promoting the participation of underrepresented minorities in research areas supported by the Institute.’’. 
Section 25 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3720) is amended— 
Director and fulltime staff’’ after ‘‘Office of Innovation and Entrepreneurship’’; 
loan guarantee programs and the Regional Innovation Program established under sections 26 and 27, respectively; 
date of enactment of the America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2015, and updating at least every 5 years, a strategic plan to guide the activities of the Office of Innovation and Entrepreneurship that shall— 
longterm goals, objectives, and policies to accelerate innovation and advance the commercialization of research and development, including federally funded research and development, set forth the anticipated time for achieving the objectives, and identify metrics for use in assessing progress toward such objectives; 
establish or designate an advisory committee, which shall meet at least twice each fiscal year, to provide advice to the Secretary on carrying out the duties and responsibilities of the Office of Innovation and Entrepreneurship. 
committee shall prepare a report, to be submitted to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate every 3 years. The first report shall be submitted not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2015 and shall include— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out this section.’’. 
Section 25 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3720) as amended by section 501 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
through the Office of Innovation and Entrepreneurship and in conjunction with the States, shall establish an innovation voucher pilot program to accelerate innovative activities and enhance the competitiveness of small and mediumsized manufacturers in the United States. The pilot program shall— 
proof of concept, technical development, and compliance testing activities; 
‘‘(ii) earlystage product development, including engineering design services; and 
vouchers under the program, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations— 
‘‘(ii) that are in accordance with sound accounting practices; and 
may transfer funds appropriated to the Department of Commerce to other Federal agencies for the performance of services authorized under this subsection. 
centers established under section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) to provide information about the program established under this subsection and to conduct outreach to potential applicants, as appropriate. 
the date of enactment of the America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a plan that will serve as a guide for the activities of the program. The plan shall include a description of the specific objectives of the program and the metrics that will be used in assessing progress toward those objectives. 
after the date of enactment of the America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a report containing— 
activities on the innovative capacity of small and mediumsized manufacturers receiving assistance under the pilot program; and 
‘‘(iii) any recommendations for administrative and legislative action that could optimize the effectiveness of the pilot program. 
To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall ensure that the activities carried out under this subsection are coordinated with, and do not duplicate the efforts of, other programs within the Federal Government. 
Center established under section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k). 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out the pilot program in this subsection $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
The StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
under this section is to advance United States productivity and global competitiveness by accelerating commercialization of innovative technology by leveraging Federal support for State commercialization efforts. The program shall provide matching funds to a State, or consortium thereof, for the acceleration of commercialization activities and the promotion of small manufacturing enterprises in the United States. 
under this section shall be submitted in such a manner, at such a time, and containing such information as the Secretary shall require, including— 
technology commercialization in the State or States, including successes and barriers to commercialization; and 
shall establish criteria for the selection of awardees, which shall consider at a minimum a review of efforts during the fiscal year prior to submitting an application to— 
consortium receiving a grant under this section shall provide nonFederal cash contributions in an amount equal to 50 percent of the total cost of the project for which the grant is provided. 
In carrying out the program under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that grants made under the program are coordinated with, and do not duplicate, the efforts of other commercialization programs within the Federal Government. 
given that term in section 3 of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3122); and 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018 to carry out this section.’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Energy Office of Science Authorization Act of 2015’’. 
Science’’ means the Department of Energy Office of Science. 
Secretary’’ means the Under Secretary for Science and Energy. 
Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Science shall be the delivery of scientific discoveries, capabilities, and major scientific tools to transform the understanding of nature and to advance the energy, economic, and national security of the United States. 
the Director shall carry out programs, including those in basic energy sciences, biological and environmental research, advanced scientific computing research, fusion energy sciences, high energy physics, and nuclear physics, through activities focused on— 
through research on energy production, storage, transmission, efficiency, and use; and 
Earth and its climate through research in atmospheric and environmental sciences and climate change; and 
deliver the 21st century tools of science, engineering, and technology and provide the Nation’s researchers with the most advanced tools of modern science including accelerators, colliders, supercomputers, light sources and neutron sources, and facilities for studying complex molecular systems and the nanoworld. 
AGENCIES .—The Director may form partnerships to enhance the utilization of and ensure access to user facilities, including underground research facilities, by other Federal agencies. 
WITHOTHER DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY PROGRAMS .—The Under Secretary shall ensure 
the coordination of activities under the Department of Energy Office of Science Authorization Act of 2015 with the other activities of the Department, and shall support joint activities among the programs of the Department. 
Not later than one year after the date of enactment of the Department of Energy Office of Science Authorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. The report shall— 
manufacturers to meet the procurement requirements for major ongoing projects funded by the Office of Science, including a calculation of the percentage of equipment acquired from domestic manufacturers for this purpose; and 
Federal Government and by private industry to increase the capability of domestic manufacturers to meet procurement requirements of the Office of Science for major projects.’’. 
out a subprogram to support and oversee the construction, operation, and maintenance of national user facilities that support the program under this section. As practicable, these facilities shall serve the needs of the Department, industry, the academic community, and other relevant entities to create and examine new materials and chemical processes for the purposes of advancing new energy technologies and improving the competitiveness of the United States. These facilities shall include— 
The Director shall carry out research and development on advanced accelerator and storage ring technologies relevant to the Basic Energy Sciences user facilities, in consultation with the Office of Science’s High Energy Physics and Nuclear Physics programs. 
Science’s project management practices, the Director shall support construction of— 
expand the xray wavelength range, incorporate high repetition rate operation for soft and medium energy xrays, and increase user capacity of the Linac Coherent Light Source; and 
out a program to provide awards, on a competitive, meritreviewed basis, to multiinstitutional collaborations or other appropriate entities to conduct fundamental and 
useinspired energy research to accelerate scientific breakthroughs related to needs identified in— 
Energy Sciences Advisory Committee entitled ‘‘From Quanta to the Continuum: Opportunities for Mesoscale Science’’; 
this subsection shall be selected for a period of 5 years. An Energy Frontier Research Center already in existence and supported by the Director on the date of enactment of this Act may continue to receive support for a period of 5 years beginning on the date of establishment of that center. 
funding provided pursuant to this subsection may be used for the construction of new buildings or facilities. 
authorized under section 209 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139), and coordinated with the activities authorized under section 604 and section 606, the Director shall carry out a program of research and development in the areas of biological systems science and climate and environmental science, including subsurface science, to support the energy and environmental missions of the Department. 
carbon cycle, including processes for removing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, through photosynthesis and other biological processes, for sequestration and storage; and 
used to transform, immobilize, or remove contaminants from subsurface environments. 
out a research program on low dose radiation. The purpose of the program is to enhance the scientific understanding of and reduce uncertainties associated with the effects of exposure to low dose radiation in order to inform improved risk management methods. 
term ‘‘low dose radiation’’ means a radiation dose of less than 100 millisieverts. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall enter into an agreement with the National Academies to conduct a study assessing the current status and development of a longterm strategy for low dose radiation research. The study shall be conducted in coordination with Federal agencies that perform ionizing radiation effects research. 
radiation research in the United States and internationally; (iii) formulate overall scientific goals for 
the future of lowdose radiation research in the United States; 
prioritized research agenda to address scientific research goals for overcoming the identified scientific challenges in coordination with other research efforts; 
activities under this paragraph in accordance with priorities established by the Under Secretary to support and accelerate the decontamination of relevant facilities managed by the Department. 
(ii) UNDER SECRETARY .—The Under Secretary shall ensure the coordination of activities of the Department, including activities under this paragraph, to support and accelerate the decontamination of relevant facilities managed by the Department. 
authorized under section 209 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 
7139), the Director shall carry out a research, development, demonstration, and commercial application program to advance computational and networking capabilities for datadriven discovery and to analyze, model, simulate, and predict complex phenomena relevant to the development of new energy technologies and the competitiveness of the United States. 
shall ensure the coordination of the activities of the Department, including activities under this section, to determine and meet the computational and networking research and facility needs of the Office of Science and all other relevant energy technology and energy efficiency programs within the Department. 
DEVELOPMENT FOR HIGHENDCOMPUTING SYSTEMS .—The Director shall carry out activities to develop, test, and support mathematics, models, and algorithms for complex systems, as well as programming environments, tools, languages, and operating systems for highend computing systems (as defined in section 2 of the Department of Energy HighEnd Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5541)). 
Laboratories, and industry to ensure the broadest possible application of the technology developed in this program to other challenges in science, engineering, medicine, and industry.’’; 
through competitive merit review, establish two or more National Laboratoryindustry university partnerships to conduct integrated research, development, and engineering of multiple exascale architectures, and— 
submit to Congress, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Department of Energy Office of Science Authorization Act of 2015, a report outlining an integrated strategy and program management plan, including target dates for prototypical and production exascale platforms, interim milestones to reaching these targets, functional requirements, roles and responsibilities of National Laboratories and industry, acquisition strategy, and estimated resources required, to achieve this exascale system capability. The report shall include the Secretary’s plan for Departmental organization to manage and execute the Exascale Computing Program, including definition of the roles and responsibilities within the Department to ensure an integrated program across the Department. The report shall also include a plan for ensuring balance and prioritizing across ASCR subprograms in a flat or slowgrowth budget environment. 
budget submission of the Department for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress that describes the status of milestones and costs in achieving the objectives of the exascale computing program. 
months prior to the initiation of construction or installation of any exascaleclass computing facility, the Secretary shall transmit a plan to the Congress detailing— 
and capabilities to significantly accelerate the development of new energy technologies; 
must be overcome to achieve successful completion and operation of the facility; and 
means the joint development of application algorithms, models, and codes with computer technology architectures and operating systems to maximize effective use of highend computing systems. 
computing system performance at or near 10 to the 18th power floating point operations per second. 
computing system with performance that substantially exceeds that of systems that are commonly available for advanced scientific and engineering applications. 
The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). 
‘software technology’ includes optimal algorithms, programming environments, tools, languages, and operating systems for high end computing systems.’’. 
approach to fusion energy to lead to a commercial fusion power plant. 
coordinate and carry out the responsibilities of the United States with respect to the ITER international fusion project pursuant to the Agreement on the Establishment of the International Fusion Energy Organization for the Joint Implementation of the ITER Project. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report providing an assessment of— 
ITER DirectorGeneral toward implementation of the recommendations of the Third Biennial International Organization Management Assessment Report. 
of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2053) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this section, with respect to international research projects, the term ‘private facilities or laboratories’ shall refer to facilities or 
Congress that the United States should support a robust, diverse program in addition to meeting its commitments to ITER. It is further the sense of Congress that developing the scientific basis for fusion, providing research results key to the success of ITER, and training the next generation of fusion scientists are of critical importance to the United States and should in no way be diminished by participation of the United States in the ITER project. 
shall carry out a program of research and technology development in inertial fusion for energy applications, including ion beam, laser, and pulsed power fusion systems. 
Secretary and the Director shall coordinate with the Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy (in this paragraph referred to as ‘‘ARPA–E’’) to— 
fusion energy project supported by ARPA–E merit the support of followon research activities carried out by the Office of Science; and 
facility or facilities that can examine and test potential fusion and next generation fission reactor materials and other enabling technologies relevant to the development of commercial fusion power plants; and 
of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to Congress an assessment of opportunities in which the United States can provide worldleading contributions to advancing plasma science and nonfusion energy applications, and identify opportunities for partnering with other Federal agencies both within and outside of the Department of Energy. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a report on the Department’s proposed fusion energy research and development activities over the following 10 years under at least 3 realistic budget scenarios, including a scenario based on 3 percent annual growth in the nonITER portion of the budget for fusion energy research and development activities. The report shall— 
research and enabling technology development in which the United States can and should establish or solidify a lead in the global fusion energy development effort; 
scientific challenges to ensure that within 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act there is sufficient basis to justify and motivate the initiation of an applied fusion energy development program; and 
authorized under section 209 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139), the Director shall carry out a research program on the elementary constituents of matter and energy and the nature of space and time. 
Office of Science’s project management practices, the Director shall support construction or fabrication of— 
Director, as practicable and in coordination with other appropriate Federal agencies as necessary, shall ensure the access of United States researchers to the most advanced accelerator facilities and research capabilities in the world, including the Large Hadron Collider. 
of Science’s project management practices, the Director shall continue to support the construction of the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams. 
a program to improve the safety, efficiency, and mission readiness of infrastructure at Office of Science laboratories. The program shall include projects to— 
the Secretary for the activities of the Office of Science— 
from third parties, such as venture capital, hedge fund, or private equity firms, including amounts and percentage of ownership of the awardee provided in return for such investments. 
awardee plans to invest or has invested into the technology developed under the award, or that the awardee is seeking from third parties. 
new products or services resulting from the research conducted under the award.’’; and 
shall carry out a program to enhance the Nation’s economic, environmental, and energy security by making awards to consortia for establishing and operating Energy Innovation Hubs to conduct and support, whenever practicable at one centralized location, multidisciplinary, collaborative research, development, demonstration, and commercial application of advanced energy technologies. 
Secretary shall designate for each Hub a unique advanced energy technology focus. 
an award under this section for the establishment and operation of a Hub, a consortium shall— 
(ii) measures to enable costeffective implementation of the program under this section; 
(iv) a plan for managing intellectual property rights; and 
the Secretary to ensure that the consortium has complied with the requirements of this section. 
conflict of interest procedures, consistent with those of the Department of Energy, to ensure that employees and consortia designees for Hub activities who are in decisionmaking capacities disclose all material conflicts of interest. 
Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit the use of funds provided pursuant to this section, or nonFederal cost share funds, for research or for the construction of a test bed or renovations to existing buildings or facilities for the purposes of research if the Secretary determines that the test bed or renovations are limited to a scope and scale necessary for the research to be conducted. 
geothermal, biomass, tidal, wave, ocean, or other renewable energy resources; 
(ii) that produces nuclear energy; (iii) for carbon capture and sequestration; (iv) that enables advanced vehicles, vehicle 
components, and related technologies that result in significant energy savings; 
and security of the United States by enabling improved or expanded supply and production of domestic energy resources, including coal, oil, and natural gas; 
and commercial application activities necessary to ensure the longterm, secure, and sustainable supply of energy critical elements; or 
‘‘energy critical element’’ means any of a class of chemical elements that have a high risk of a supply disruption and are critical to one or more new, energyrelated technologies such that a shortage of such element would significantly inhibit largescale deployment of technologies that produce, transmit, store, or conserve energy. 
including the Department of Energy Federally Funded Research and Development Centers; 
expertise in advanced energy technology research, development, demonstration, or commercial application; or 
shall enter into an agreement with the Director of the National Science Foundation to enable researchers funded by the Department of Energy to participate in the Innovation Corps program authorized by section 307. 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Energy shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report which shall include— 
changes and legislative changes to section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) to improve the Department’s ability to successfully transfer new energy technologies to the private sector. 
carry out the Agreements for Commercializing Technology pilot program of the Department, as announced by the Secretary on December 8, 2011, in accordance with this subsection. 
chapter 18 of title 35, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘BayhDole Act’) shall apply if— 
(as that term is defined in section 201 of that title); and 
‘‘(ii) at least 1 of the parties to the funding 
agreement is eligible to receive rights under that chapter. 
require the contractor of the affected National Laboratory to certify that each activity carried out under a project for which an agreement is entered into under this subsection— 
apparent conflict of interest, and avoids or neutralizes any actual conflict of interest, as a result of the agreement under this subsection. 
‘‘(iii) assesses the potential for program activities to interfere with the responsibilities of the National Laboratories to the Department; and 
INAUTHORIZED TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary shall permit the directors of the National Laboratories to use funds authorized to support technology transfer, following the standard practices of the Department, to carry out technology maturation activities to identify and improve potential commercial application opportunities and demonstrate applications of research and technologies arising from National Laboratory activities.’’. 
shall delegate to directors of the National Laboratories signature authority for any technology transfer agreement with a total cost of not more than $500,000, including both National Laboratory contributions and the project recipient cost share contribution, if such an agreement falls within the scope of a strategic plan for the National Laboratory that has been approved by the Department. 
which the director of a National Laboratory enters into an agreement under this subsection, such director shall submit to the Secretary of Energy for monitoring and review all records of the National Laboratory relating to the agreement. 
which the director of a specific National Laboratory enters into an agreement under this subsection, the Secretary may terminate the agreement and the authority of any director of such National Laboratory to enter into agreements under this subsection if— 
agreement is inconsistent with the mission of the Department. 
apply to any agreement with a majority foreignowned company. 
apply only during the 4year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
an assessment of the effectiveness of the authority provided to the directors of the National Laboratories under this subsection to accelerate the development of new technologies, and an assessment of any incidences of potential misuse of this authority in the opinion of the Secretary. 
apply to a research or development activity performed by an institution of higher education or nonprofit institution (as defined in section 4 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3703)). 
Science’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Science and Energy’’; and 
appointed under this section shall not exceed 3 years. 
shall have the authority to terminate any employee appointed under this section at any time based on performance or changing project or research needs of the Department. 
House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON) and a Member opposed each will 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, so much of today’s debate has been about how harmful the underlying legislation is for our Nation and how it violates every one of the principles of the original COMPETES bill. I am now pleased to be offering a positive way forward in the form of a substitute bill cosponsored by every Democratic member of the committee in addition to the minority leader, Mr. HOYER . 
the COMPETES bill and the principles it has embodied since the Rising Above the Gathering Storm report set us on this path 10 years ago. The substitute amendment, which we introduced as H.R. 1898, stays true to one of these principles. 
and sustained real growth in funding for our research and development agencies. It makes a strong statement that the U.S. Congress sees funding for research across all fields of basic research as a top national priority. It does not include false and detrimental choices and tradeoffs among different fields of science and engineering. It ensures that scientific experts, not politicians, continue to set priorities for funding within and among different fields of basic research and for individual grants. 
The principles embodied in my substitute amendment continue a pact that the Federal Government made with our Nation’s great research universities following our victory in World War II and the onset of the space race that led us to the creation of NSF and NASA. 
National Institute of Standards and Technology, or NIST, and the Department of Energy among the world’s greatest and most admired research agencies. 
funds these agencies at the fiscal year 2016 request level and continues to provide 5 percent annual increases for 5 years. This modest investment is already a compromise, given the immense economic return on our basic research investments. The original Rising Above the Gathering Storm report called for even greater increases. 
fully funds ARPAE, which was created in the 2007 COMPETES Act and has exceeded every expectation for creating innovative new energy technologies and spurring private sector followon investment. 
In addition, my amendment authorizes and funds important innovation programs at the Department of Commerce, including an innovation voucher pilot program that will help small and mediumsized manufacturers across the country grow their businesses and create new jobs. 
My amendment fully funds the standards work of NIST, in addition to their work to help accelerate growth in U.S. advanced manufacturing. We need to bring those manufacturing jobs back home, and we need to Make It In America. NIST is an essential partner in this effort. 
Finally, my amendment takes seriously the issue of STEM education, including broadening participation in STEM. Our STEM language is not just senses of Congress about how important STEM is and other filler provisions. 
policy changes to help ensure that all U.S. students and researchers have the opportunity to fully develop their talents in STEM and pursue successful 
We are facing a demographic imperative. If we do not find a way to turn around the underrepresentation of women and minorities in STEM fields, our Nation will fall well short of the skilled workforce our industries demand. Our substitute puts our money before where our mouth is when it comes to STEM and corrects a glaring deficit in the underlying legislation. 
I am proud of my work that I have 
done on this committee for many years and of the contributions that many of my colleagues made to this substitute amendment. It truly is a COMPETES Reauthorization Act in every way. 
the aisle to carefully consider the fork in the road before us. If you really want to do right by this great Nation and by our children and our grandchildren, you will vote for the substitute amendment and replace the underlying legislation with a positive path forward. 
for innovation and education for our Nation’s future. It will not be trade, as many have said, that will cause us to lose these jobs; it will be our companies searching around the world looking for talent and innovation. 
I reserve the balance of my time Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
As I mentioned in my opening remarks, I support a responsible and sustainable path forward for U.S. science, research, and development. We must prioritize the areas of basic research to ensure future U.S. economic competitiveness and spur private sector innovation. 
by the Budget Control Act, which the ranking member herself supported, and ignores the tough choices that must be made to protect the American taxpayer and future generations from more debt. It is irresponsible not to adhere to the Budget Control Act, which was signed into law by President Obama. 
The Budget Control Act was a bipartisan agreement that 95 Democrats voted for, including the ranking member. Now, she wants to ignore that particular law. Although many Members would like to see the Budget Control Act replaced, it is the law of the land, and we should abide by it. 
more spending, knowing it will sound good, even if it is irresponsible and against the law. In fiscal year 2016 alone, this amendment would increase spending by $600 million over the current level and the underlying bill. The amendment increases spending on laterstage research and technology, best done by the private sector. 
hard to reach an agreement with the minority on numerous policy issues, and we have accepted many of their provisions and ideas to make this bill stronger. 
provisions related to a new advisory panel and coordinating office. We also included language in support of NIST that passed the House floor on a bipartisan vote last year. 
Also, in title III of the bill are three 
pieces of bipartisan legislation that passed the Science Committee by voice vote in March. Two of those three pieces of legislation were sponsored by Democrats. 
balanced approach of fiscal responsibility and targeted investments in priority science and basic research and vote ‘‘no’’ on the Democratic substitute. The Democratic substitute ignores the Budget Control Act and does not advance good science in America. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). 
I am proud to rise in support of Ms. 
a substitute, and I am also proud to cosponsor H.R. 1898, which contains the same language, because this alternative is much more in keeping with the principles of the original America 
conference committee that worked out the HouseSenate compromise on the original COMPETES bill. In 2010, I wrote the NSF title on the reauthorization. These are two of my proudest moments in Congress because those were bipartisan bills that set us on a path to continue leading the world in scientific research and innovation for the next generation. 
that progress stall. Make no mistake, other nations are continuing to invest and are continuing to innovate. If we don’t come together to send a strong message and provide strong support for scientific research, America will no longer be able to compete. 
bill. I understand the threat of our enormous Federal debt; but, without the types of investments that are made in the COMPETES bill, we will not promote the economic growth that we need to end our deficits and pay down our debt. 
Ranking Member JOHNSON ’s alternative makes those investments. Unlike the base bill, it does not make drastic cuts to Advanced Research Projects AgencyEnergy, which promotes and funds research and development of advanced energy technologies. 
Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy that invests in highrisk, highvalue research and development in the fields of energy efficiency and renewable energy technologies. It doesn’t cut the geosciences or make a more than 50 percent cut to research in the social, behavioral, and economic sciences. 
warranted; but, in the Science Committee, we are constantly hearing from witnesses about how social science is vital to the work going on in other fields. Members of Congress have frequently relied on spectrum auctions, developed by NSF social science research, to raise billions of dollars. 
critical component to preventing cyber crimes. Considering that the majority of all cyber breaches occur because of social factors, like using easytoguess passwords or clicking on a link in a phishing attack, we should want to increase funding in these areas. 
Mr. Chairman, Ms. JOHNSON ’s amendment provides robust support in all of these areas. I agree that the chairman’s bill has gotten better and things have been added to the bill which have made it a better bill, but still, I think there is no question that Ms. JOHNSON ’s 
substitute is a much better bill for making the types of investments we need in scientific research right now if we want to make sure that America still competes. This is critical to the future of our country; this is critical to innovation. 
I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN), who is a member of 
makes everything a priority so that nothing really is. This amendment rubberstamps the administration’s budget request, which fails to make choices, spreading a little bit of research funding around to try to please everyone. 
Compared to the gentlewoman’s proposal, H.R. 1806 funds 329 more new grants in biology next year, 398 more new grants in computer science, 457 more new grants in engineering, and 955 more new grants in math and the physical sciences. 
going to universities and research institutions across the country, fueling innovation and driving economic competitiveness in the United States. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). 
I rise today in support of the substitute amendment to H.R. 1806 and focus on one issue. The underlying bill would set a harmful new precedent by authorizing funding at the directorate level. 
Currently, funding levels for the National Science Foundation for each directorate are based on strategic priorities and sciencebased recommendations from the National Science Board. This is how it should be and how it remains under the substitute amendment. 
By setting authorization levels according to directorate, this bill would limit the flexibility NSF needs to set strategic priorities and adapt and capitalize on unanticipated discoveries. 
that the underlying bill would reduce authorized funding levels for specific directorates: the Directorate for Social, Behavioral, and Economic Sciences and the Directorate for Geosciences. 
for example, for Oregon State University to conduct research on ocean acidification. It has also been used critically to support the work in Oregon to develop our understanding of the risks posed by a Cascadia subduction zone earthquake. Other examples are around the country. 
In summary, the underlying bill diminishes the ability of the National Science Foundation to make strategic sciencebased decisions. 
we are prepared to close, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I simply will close by saying, as we have been on this floor, we continue to get emails and letters from universities and scientists around this Nation. 
to be funny; I am presenting this substitute to take us to the professional level that the research brought us when we first had America COMPETES. It is not a picking and choosing; it is a professional approach to funding scientific projects. 
If we mean to look out for the future 
of the Nation, as we say we are, this is the legislation that will do it. 
the gentlewoman’s amendment ignores the law of the land. She and more than 90 other Democrats supported the Budget Control Act, which was signed into law by the President. This amendment ignores those budget caps. 
I support a responsible and sustainable path forward for U.S. science, research, and development; but it is neither responsible, nor sustainable, to spend more and more taxpayer dollars and increase the debt that future generations will inherit. We must prioritize the areas of basic research to ensure future economic competitiveness and spur private sector innovation. 
worked hard to reach an agreement with the minority on numerous policy issues, but we have been clear since the beginning that increases in spending need to have reasonable offsets. This amendment fails to include any offsets and openly ignores the Budget Control Act. 
balanced approach of fiscal responsibility and targeted investments in priority, science, and basic research. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment and ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 114– 120 on which further proceedings were 
Amendment No. 2 by Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Amendment No. 12 by Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–120 offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 177, noes 243, not voting 12, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi 
Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Messrs. STIVERS, YARMUTH, and DOLD changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated against: Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
252, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–120 offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 234, noes 183, not voting 15, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–120 offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 187, noes 236, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer 
Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–120 offered by the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 208, noes 215, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Richmond Rokita RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) 
Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Nugent Nunes Olson 
Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–120 offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 190, noes 232, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) 
Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–120 offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 179, noes 239, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated for: Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
257, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ) having assumed the 
of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1806) to provide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific discovery, and development to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 271, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, and the order of the House of today, this 5 minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5minute votes on the motion to recommit on H.R. 880, and passage of H.R. 880, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 217, noes 205, not voting 10, as follows: 
Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost 
Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn 
Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Esty Farr Fattah Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Israel 
Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
OF THE MARINES WHO LOST THEIR LIVES ON MAY 12, 2015, IN NEPAL 
(Mr. MICA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to pay tribute to six United States Marines who lost their lives on May 12, 2015. They died not in combat but in a mission of mercy, aiding the people of Nepal, who, as we have read, have been devastated by a horrific and deadly earthquake. 
I would like to at this time yield to 
their Members of Congress to recognize each of the Marines who sacrificed their lives. 
Dustin Ryan Lukasiewicz, Alma, Nebraska, Nebraska’s Third Congressional District. 
Mr. CALVERT. Sergeant Eric Matthew Seaman, United States Marine Corps, Wildomar, California, California’s 42nd Congressional District. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Lance Corporal Jacob Andrew Hug, Phoenix, Arizona, Arizona’s Eighth Congressional District. 
read the name of the brave Marine from my district: 
man than this, that a man lay down his life for his fellow man. 
brave Marines, ask you to join us in a moment of silence. And we also ask, as we approach this Memorial Day, that we remember in our thoughts and in our prayers all those brave Americans and their families who have paid the ultimate price in service to our Nation. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 880) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make permanent the research credit, offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL), on which the yeas and nays 
The Clerk redesignated the motion The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 181, nays 240, not voting 11, as follows: 
Ashford Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight 
Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 274, nays 145, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) 
Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) 
Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Murphy (FL) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford 
Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
OF H.R. 1335, STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMUNITIES AND INCREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISHERIES MANAGEMENT ACT 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 274 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 274 
provides a structured rule for consideration of the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act. The rule makes in order eight amendments, five of which are from Democratic sponsors. One of the amendments is a Democrat substitute, which will be debated for twice as long as the other amendments. 
life on the Gulf Coast, I can tell you just how important this bill is. For many people who live on our Nation’s coast, this bill is about a way of life. 
This bill is for our Nation’s commercial fishermen, who depend on a reliable fishing stock in order to make a living. This bill is also for our Nation’s charter boat fleets, which are an important source of tourism. That means jobs, Mr. Speaker, and all too often people in this town and government scientists seem not to care about that. 
our recreational fishermen and everyday anglers who just enjoy spending time on the waters. For my family, this is a lifelong tradition. I remember fishing with my dad on the Gulf of Mexico. I treasured opportunities to fish with my four children, and as a new grandfather, I look forward to fishing with my grandson. 
This is a good bill, and as a former 
member of the committee of jurisdiction, the Natural Resources Committee, I can tell you that a great amount of time and effort have gone into this bill. This process started over 2 years ago, and there was a lot of work to bring our parties together to get a bill that everyone can agree on. 
often here in Washington, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have decided to make this into a partisan fight. President Obama has said he will veto this bill. All this despite real efforts to work together, across 
the aisle, to get a bill that works for everyone. 
idea of science that the President and my colleagues on the other side claim the bill undermines. All too often here in D.C., what passes for science is just political ideology dressed up with some technical language with no real basis in observable data. 
Colorado has ever been fishing for red snapper in the Gulf Coast—if he hasn’t, then I invite him to do so—but I can tell you that there are more red snapper there than there has ever been before. Despite that good news, NOAA and the Federal Government is consistently undercounting the number of fish in the Gulf of Mexico. 
is not sampling for red snapper on reefs, despite the fact that the red snapper is a reef fish. That is simply absurd. If you look for red snapper somewhere other than the reefs, you are not going to find them because they live on reefs. 
the number of red snapper caught each year. For example, last year the Federal Government estimated that 1,041,000 pounds of red snapper were caught off the coast of Alabama, where I am from. The Alabama red snapper reporting system, which is run by the State, only estimated a catch of 418,000 pounds. That is a remarkable disparity. 
So what has happened is a very dangerous combination of NOAA underestimating how many fish are actually out there and overestimating the number of fish caught each year. This has resulted in a dramatically shortened season for our red snapper fisherman. Last year’s red snapper season was only 9 days. This year it has been increased to 10 days. That is simply unacceptable. 
and the committee supports science based management, but I don’t support and the committee doesn’t support flawed sciencebased management. And this House shouldn’t either. 
when I hear my colleagues say that this bill undermines good science. Come tell that to my fishermen on the Gulf Coast. Come tell that to the marine scientists on the Gulf Coast who have done extensive scientific research on this. 
This bill is important because it includes real reforms that are designed to get some better science for all of our fisheries, not only as it relates to red snapper, but as it relates to the fisheries all around the United States of America. Why don’t we encourage stronger partnerships with local colleges and universities that have done great work in the past? 
that red snapper issue a little more because it is so important to the people I represent, and it is very important to debate on this bill. This bill includes 
three important reforms that local scientists, stakeholders, and I believe will get us a real red snapper season. Number one, it repeals inflexible quotas that have been in place up to this point. Number two, it creates jurisdictional parity by expanding State waters out to 9 nautical miles gulfwide. Number three, it shifts the stock assessment and data collection responsibilities from the Federal Government and gives those responsibilities to the Gulf States so we can get some real science, not flawed science. 
think we know best; people in Washington think we have all the answers. This is an issue where that simply is not the case. This bill empowers our Nation’s fishing communities and gives them the flexibility they need. 
go fishing, this issue should matter to all Americans because this issue is about freedom and limiting the role of the Federal Government in areas where it just doesn’t belong. 
its support, Mr. Speaker, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. The gentleman from Alabama said there are more red snapper than there have ever been before, and that would seem to indicate that the policies are working, and I don’t think it is a time to reverse course. 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ), the ranking 
member of the Natural Resources Subcommittee on Water, Power, and Oceans and the author of the Democratic substitute, which is a cleaner reauthorization. 
do represent a coastal district, a fishing district. In fact, the Second District of California includes about one third of the California coastline and many working harbors and ports where fishing men and women have been catching fish with their families for many, many generations, as well as the Native American tribes that I represent, who have been depending on healthy fisheries for hundreds, if not thousands, of years. 
the gentleman’s concern that we continue to make fishing available for ourselves and for future generations. We have some disagreements on how to get there, and we will talk about that. 
I think the thing that we have to recognize at the outset of this debate is that the MagnusonStevens Act has been a great success by just about any measure. It succeeded initially in helping us protect and rebuild fisheries from the threat of foreign fleets that were coming into U.S. waters and overfishing and harming our American fishing communities and fishing families. It then went on to succeed in preventing overfishing by U.S. fishermen 
Stevens has been a huge success is that it has always been bipartisan. Both the original act and the subsequent reauthorizations of MagnusonStevens have always been strongly bipartisan. And unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, we are departing from that positive history with the bill we have before us today, and we need to get it back on track. 
The keys to MagnusonStevens’ success have included strict rules on rebuilding of fishery stocks and also very strict fishery specific quotas, so that we can make sure that we prevent overfishing and ensure a sustainable fishery population. This is not so that we stop fishing, quite the contrary. The purpose of these mechanisms is so that we can continue to fish for future generations by maintaining sustainable populations. 
successful provisions in MagnusonStevens’ history teaches us what would happen. We have a history that is played out over and over again in this country and, frankly, around the world—that, without strict protections for sustainable fish populations, we will overfish them, we will deplete them. 
It puts us on a path where the tragedy of the commons plays out over and over again, and the end result of that is fisheries closures. We are not helping the folks who want to fish. When we don’t manage these populations, we are actually hurting them in the long run. 
substitute amendment that is much closer to a clean reauthorization of MagnusonStevens. We think that is really the conversation we need to be having. What kind of clean reauthorization can we have? And are there consensus areas where we can actually improve MagnusonStevens? 
be surprised to find Democrats strongly agreeing with him, that we could benefit from additional science, better science. There may be better data available on the red snapper in the Gulf. We are also working with Republicans to try to get that science and make it available to the decisionmakers who set those rules for that fishery. 
eye, even for that red snapper fishery because, while you are talking about a small number of days for recreational fishermen in Federal waters, you have got a much greater number of days in State waters. 
any other species just about any day you want. When you are in Federal waters, you can only keep them during those certain number of days. The reason for that is because approximately half the fish caught are reserved for commercial fishermen who have made their case to the regional council that 
it is only fair that about half the fish ought to be available to them and about half the fish are allocated to recreational fishermen. 
In those small number of days, believe it or not, the recreational folks catch almost the same amount of fish that the commercial fishermen catch during a much greater number of days. There is always a little more than meets the eye. You hear sensational statistics perhaps about the very small number of days available. There is, 
Where we do agree is, if we can get 
better data, better science, better monitoring, all of this should be subject to discussion and revision in the councils. That is the flexibility of the Magnuson Stevens Act, and that ought to be something that we can work on here together. 
we have a Republican bill that is taking away some of the key provisions of the act that have actually been the very source of its great success over the years, so that heads in a wrong direction. 
obligatory runs at NEPA and various environmental laws, including the Antiquities Act. This is no place to be carrying out that endless assault on America’s environmental laws. 
Let’s get back to that point of consensus, sustainable management of our fisheries. If we can do that, I think we have something we can work on together in this House. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s comments. It is very important that we try to find ways to try to work together when the form of this bill that we worked on in the committee last year, which is almost identical to the one that we adopted this year, was before the Natural Resources Committee. 
changes that were negotiated on a number of provisions in the bill. 
This has been traditionally a very bipartisan exercise, and this is, in good part, bipartisan. 
statement in the committee last year on a virtually identical bill was: 
I do want to say that I do appreciate the 
fact that you reach out to us on the Democratic side of the aisle; and many of the provisions, as you mentioned, that are in the bill did come from input from the Democratic side. 
has given more time than anything else for us to debate. 
We have really leaned over backwards, particularly when you consider that the majority of amendments that we have made in order in this rule are amendments offered by the Democrats. Now, I appreciate that the gentleman 
has a substitute—and we are going to give him an opportunity to talk about it—but if you look at his substitute, we might as well call his substitute ‘‘The Environmental Litigation and Fisheries Disaster Creation Act of 2015’’ because that is what it is going to do. 
Secretary of Commerce to accept outside funds from NGOs to support cooperative research projects. This gives the litigation community of the world an avenue to influence NOAA decision making. 
This amendment requires the Secretary of Commerce to ignore current procedure and forces the Secretary to retroactively declare a fishery disaster in California from a January 2004 emergency proclamation on California drought. 
single out and blame the Central Valley Project for a fishery disaster. As we all know, there are many factors for fish declines, mainly including ocean conditions. 
farmers for a fishery disaster. Above all, this amendment erases the flexibilities, transparency, and science improvements made in the underlying bill, but we give him the opportunity to make his case before this House to show our willingness to work with them. 
the Statement of Administration Policy that we received from the administration when we were marking this bill up in Rules Committee yesterday, and I was most surprised at what they had to say about the snapper language. Now, that language came from me. I asked the committee to put it in the bill, and I am greatly appreciative of the fact that they did. 
the science has done to our fishery in the Gulf of Mexico. Here is what the administration says: 
the authority of the Gulf of Mexico Regional Fishery Management Council by extending State jurisdiction over the recreational red snapper fishery to 9 miles in the Gulf of Mexico. We intend to give the States more authority by going out. 
flexibility for the fishing out there, but a lot of the reefs that these red snappers grow on are further out than 9 miles, so it doesn’t solve the whole problem. 
would create an untenable situation where recreational and commercial fishermen fishing side by side would be subject to different regulatory regimes. 
the States are going to do? Why do they presume that that is going to be the case? They do so because they have such an aversion to the States having any control, any input, in the way that this fishery is governed. 
to how to allocate recreationally caught red snapper, the bill would encourage interstate conflict and jeopardize the sustainability of this gulfwide resource. 
sure we keep this fish stock healthy than those of us that live on the Gulf Coast do. Whether we are in commercial fishing, whether we are in charter boat fishing, whether we are in recreational fishing, if we overfish this stock, it is gone; I won’t get to fish it with my grandson. 
get to make money off of this and provide jobs. Charter boat people won’t be able to come down to the beach and enjoy themselves. No one wants that to happen. 
are going to be so selfdefeating that we would allow that to happen. I am greatly disappointed that, after all the work we did to solve this problem that was created by the government scientists, that still the administration is attacking us, still they are trying to keep us from solving this problem. 
to say. I think we should try to work together on every bill we try to pass in this House; but, at some point, we have got to stand up for people who fish in this country. We have a right to fish in the waters of the United States, and the waters of the United States don’t belong to the government scientists; they belong to the people of America. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the MagnusonStevens Act, which both sides agree has successfully helped restore some of our counts of wild stock, including snapper. It hardly seems the time to reverse course without any scientific evidence that, somehow, we will get to a different place than we were when Congress wrote the Magnuson Stevens Act to address the very issue, which it seems to be successfully addressing. 
The gentleman from Alabama mentioned some remarks from Mr. DEFAZIO. I wanted to be clear that then 
similar bill, this similar bill, in the last Congress. I am not sure of the context of the remarks he made, but he stood here on the floor urging his colleagues to oppose the bill. He opposed it as well in committee. 
time; he is not happy with the result this time, nor is our new ranking member of either the subcommittee or the committee. I should add it passed out of committee without a single Democratic vote. To be clear, there was not a bipartisan effort in committee to talk about the best policy with regard to fisheries. 
about fish populations and fisheries in our oceans—something I have to admit, 
as representing the landlocked State of Colorado, I had to take a crash course on in the last few days—I want to talk about some of the events from the last week that I think should merit congressional attention. 
week is a 16yearold student from the Atlanta Public School system in Georgia was attacked in his courtyard just because he was gay. A crowd surrounded to watch as 15 people beat this young person into a bloody pulp while yelling derogatory slurs at him. 
through passing the Student NonDiscrimination Act or the antibullying act from Representative SANCHEZ , but instead, we are talking about gutting MagnusonStevens’ protections of our fisheries. 
detention facility, similar to facilities in other parts of the country for immigrants who were caught in the wrong place at the wrong time, testimony came out that women and children were severely punished, abused, and neglected. We could be pursuing detention reform or immigration reform; but, again, we are not. 
minimum wage to $15 an hour. Now, in LA, that puts families closer to a living wage, but the bad news is this Congress refuses to take up any minimum wage hike. Whether it is a $12 proposal, which Democrats put forward, whether it is a $10.10 proposal, whether it is even a $9 proposal, this Congress has not, instead of bringing forward a bill to increase the minimum wage—by the way, when somebody works full time at minimum wage, they earn about $14,500 a year. I don’t know what we are saying to people where you work full time and we are forcing you to rely on government programs to subsist. 
public housing, on food stamps, on welfare, rather than helping them support their own way and regaining their dignity in the process, which is what raising the minimum wage would do; but, no, we are not talking about that here today. We are talking about gutting the MagnusonStevens Act. 
21,000 gallons of oil spilled in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Santa Barbara County—that is probably not good for the fish there either—following the eruption of an 11mile long underground pipeline; but, instead of talking about a renewable energy future, instead of talking about ending our reliance on fossil fuels or a national renewable energy portfolio standard, we are talking about gutting our fisheries protection and gutting the Magnuson Stevens Act. 
people who were killed in the derailment of the Amtrak train in Pennsylvania; our House observed a moment of silence earlier on that, but rather than discussing measures that can prevent future derailment accidents—and I understand there is some technology 
that, when implemented, could have helped avoid this kind of accident— here we are again, discussing gutting the MagnusonStevens Act that has successfully protected our wild fisheries and helped restore some of the stock so that precisely the recreational and charter fishermen and the gentleman from Alabama can continue to enjoy fishing. Absent the support of the MagnusonStevens Act, it is likely we would not be able to support the level of recreational and commercial fishing that we can today. 
yesterday amid a recent spike in violence following the death of Freddie Gray while in police custody; but, instead of addressing nonlethal use of force or video cameras on police officers, we are discussing gutting the MagnusonStevens Act. 
We all know that the Federal highway reauthorization is running up against the May 31 deadline. The body of this Congress chose to renew it for 60 days and just created another crisis in another 59 days; yet we are not discussing what a deal would look like, a bipartisan deal, for a longerterm reauthorization of the Federal highway trust fund. 
signed a discharge petition for a bill that seeks to renew the charter of the ExportImport Bank, a critical driver for job creation and American competitiveness, fully permissible under WTO rules, under proposed trade agreement rules. Other countries have these kinds of banks, and to unilaterally disarm would cost American jobs. But instead of talking about how Congress gets out of this political box on the ExportImport Bank, we are discussing gutting the MagnusonStevens fisheries protection legislation. 
with regard to dealing with issues that I hear about from my constituents every day, day in and day out, whether that is fixing our broken immigration system, whether it is protecting our country from terrorism, whether it is preventing future Amtrak derailments. Those are the kinds of topics that, I think, the American people want to see us discussing here today rather than gutting an important piece of legislation which many charter fishermen, 
recreational fishermen, and commercial fishermen applaud in having successfully sustained their livelihoods or their passions for the last generation. 
Let’s talk about fish. The bill we are looking at today 
would devastate our wild fisheries. It would make our waters much more of a ‘‘free for all.’’ Under the guise of flexibility, it would allow for the overfishing of critical species, risking not only their sustainability and the future enjoyment of recreational fishermen but also the health of entire ecosystems that rely on the fish stocks that we are debating. 
for the circumvention of our bedrock environmental laws by allowing fishery management councils to supersede NEPA, the National Environmental Policy Act; the Endangered Species Act; the Antiquities Act; and the National Marine Sanctuaries Act. 
The Fishery Conservation and Management Act was introduced in 1976 to stop unregulated fishing that had demonstrably led to the depletion across a number of wild fisheries. In both 1996 and 2007, the legislation was reauthorized—bipartisan bills again. This bill passed committee without a single Democratic vote. Each time, through a comprehensive drafting process, good ideas from both sides of the aisle were put to paper. 
think, the gentleman from Alabama and I can agree on is that the 2007 authorization has been successful. We have shown the increased health of our wild fish stocks. So the question is: Do we want to reverse course and jeopardize that, or do we want to move forward with scientificbacked evidence? 
trying to make sweeping changes to gut the MagnusonStevens Fisheries Protection Act. This iteration of the bill was drafted with almost no Democratic input, and it passed out of committee without a single Democratic vote. 
kind of exercise with a bill that the President has said he would veto—a bill that breaks with the proud bipartisan tradition of fisheries protection— why aren’t we spending time on some of the issues I mentioned earlier, like immigration reform, like protecting LGBT students from discrimination, like socioeconomic disparities in our country, how we can deal with mental health among returning veterans who fought overseas, or the risk of terrorism here at home? Let’s do that. 
Speaker, let’s at least bring up a bill that has been drafted by all stakeholders. Let’s at least bring up a bill that ensures that the fishing community will have an industry in 10 years, in 20 years, in 50 years—a bill that protects the interests of our recreational fishermen and that preserves the health of our oceans for the enjoyment of all Americans and for the health of our planet now into the future. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
from Colorado speak. We heard about immigration, minimum wage, LGBT, renewable energy, highways, the ExIm Bank, and a little bit about fish. This is a bill about fish. It is not about all of that stuff. 
the other side of the aisle that we in the majority are using too many combined rules, where you have more than one bill in the rule, which they say confuses the debate and distracts from 
the individual merits of each bill and the process by which it will be considered. I have just got to tell you that it seems to me we had a lot of confusion and distraction with the interjection into this debate of a bunch of issues that have nothing to do with fishing. Today, we have one rule covering one bill; yet the gentleman just spent the majority of his time discussing issues not covered in the rule before us. 
Let me tell you that the people in my 
area are suffering. Charter boat people have lost their boats. Dads who want to take their children fishing can’t take their children fishing. It is destroying a way of life for people. I am not saying those other issues aren’t important, that they are not serious, but they are not covered by this rule, and they are not in this bill. We need to debate that. 
the 2007 act, that it was successful. Let me tell you what it has been successful in doing. It has taken a summer red snapper season and reduced it to 10 days. That is what it has been successful in doing. It has been successful in almost decimating our charter boat fleets and in putting a lot of people out of work. I hear a lot from the other side about needing to put people to work. The people on these charter boats work. They lost their jobs because of this. It was successful all right. It was successful in destroying something that worked for people for generations. 
colleague from Colorado who is on the Rules Committee. I know he doesn’t get to fish much in the Gulf of Mexico, but I extend an invitation to him. I will take him out there and let him catch some red snapper. I believe, Mr. Speaker, once he does that, he will be as enthusiastic for this bill as I am. 
to inquire if the gentleman has any further speakers or is prepared to close. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
to come to Colorado to fish our wonderful mountain trout, which we have in our streams and rivers. Obviously, he is no stranger to a different kind of fisheries management policy where, of course, our economy in Colorado relies on fishing and sportsmen as well, and I certainly understand that driver of jobs locally. 
the gentleman talks about what the 2007 MagnusonStevens bill has accomplished in that it has reduced the number of days that people can fish. That was the action that was taken. The effect of that is that the wild stocks are up, so there are more snapper. I think both sides agree on that. I believe there is a direct causal link to the fact that there are more snapper because there have been fewer that have been taken 
out of the water. If we manage our fisheries for the short term, if we throw caution to the wind, people might have a good season or two, but it simply won’t be there either for the future generation of recreationists or for those whose livelihoods depend on a viable commercial fishing stock. 
rule allowed for the discussion of some of the other bills I mentioned, I could support it. If this bill allowed a debate of #raisethewage, either to our Democratic proposal of a $12 an hour minimum wage or to whatever number the gentleman from Alabama would like— if he would like to propose $9 an hour, $8.50—I would be willing to support this rule, or if it even allowed 2 minutes of debate for raising the minimum wage. 
if it allowed for us to consider our bipartisan immigration reform measure. If we allowed that debate under this bill, I would do that. I would support this rule if it allowed debate about the Student Nondiscrimination Act to make sure that LGBT students don’t face bullying in our schools and so that it is a safe learning environment for all students. I would support this rule if it addressed what we have learned from the Amtrak derailment and prevented future derailments and saved lives. 
countless others, are included under this rule. In fact, all of the amendments under this rule, as well as the underlying bill, are related to fish. 
important. We might be discussing our mountain trout someday here on the floor of the House and defending the President’s efforts around clean water or on protecting some of our watersheds in Colorado. We have a lot of interest in protecting our fishing stock as well. But I would be proud to be able to bring forth some of the priorities that I hear from my constituents that are so critical. 
bills that attack the integrity of our environment—in this case, a bill that would gut the fisheries protections that have been afforded under the MagnusonStevens Act and that both sides have acknowledged have successfully helped restore the red snapper population—I would hope that perhaps our next rule will allow us to raise the minimum wage, that perhaps our next rule will allow us to consider immigration reform, that perhaps our next rule will help us deal with the bullying in schools, that perhaps our next rule will save lives and prevent future derailments, and so many other issues. 
I say to my colleagues that this particular bill needs to go back to the drawing board. It needs to go back to the drawing board to have a bipartisan effort in a committee I serve on, the Natural Resources Committee, to include priorities from both sides and good science and continue to build upon the legacy of success that the 2007 
bipartisan reauthorization of the MagnusonStevens Act has had in increasing the health of our wild fishing stocks. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
gentleman from Colorado, and I accept his invitation to go trout fishing. I would love to do that. Fishing of all kind is great for everybody to do, and I appreciate his invitation. 
have today is not because the Federal Government knows how many fish are out there. It doesn’t. Remember what I said earlier—this is a reef fish, and they don’t sample for reef fish on reefs. So, if you don’t sample for reef fish on reefs, you are not going to find the fish. Now, we know there are so many fish out there because we haven’t been allowed to fish them and that snapper are not only eating other species but they are eating other snapper. 
have actually gone out there with submersible vehicles with highdef cameras, and they count the fish on the reef and sample them that way. They have a real number. They do a real sampling so they get accurate data, and these government scientists don’t. 
back to the drawing board. We have waited too long already. We should have done this last year so that we could have had a real snapper season this year. If we wait again, we won’t have a snapper season next year, and that is not acceptable. We have enough fish out there—and the science from our region has proven it—to have a real snapper season. It is not just about snapper. We have these problems in other areas of the fishery that need to be taken care of and taken care of in a responsible way. No one is more environmentally conscious than someone who hunts and fishes, because that is where we get our enjoyment, and we want it to be there for us and for our children and, now that I have a grandson, for my grandchildren. 
I always welcome the opportunity to draw attention to some of the real issues which are affecting my constituents back on the Gulf Coast. To some people up here, this issue doesn’t mean much. To some people, they only listen to the political talking points put out by lobbyists or by political parties or by environmental groups. But to the small restaurant employees in Gulf Shores or to the charter boat captain in Orange Beach or to the gas station in Foley or to the condo owners on Dauphin Island or to the thousands of families who spend time fishing on the Gulf Coast and all around our country, this bill is critically important. This 
bill is about getting the Federal Government off our backs so that we can fish. 
Let’s not fall back into another political debate. Let’s come together on behalf of our Nation’s coastal communities. Let’s get some real relief for our fishermen. I encourage my colleagues to support this rule and to support this commonsense bill and to support the people of America and their freedom to fish in our waters. 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
is with great sorrow that I rise to mark the loss of one of Aurora’s brightest lights. On May 12, 2015, while performing relief work following the Nepal earthquake, Corporal Sara Abigail Medina and five other marines tragically lost their lives in a helicopter crash. 
Corporal Medina was from Aurora, Illinois, and graduated from East Aurora High School in 2010. While still in high school, she decided to serve her country by joining the Marines. 
often ask why; and to paraphrase the President, whenever a disaster strikes, the world looks to America to lead because of our extraordinary people who rise to the challenge. 
that I say on this floor will be able to fill the hole in the hearts of all those who knew and loved Sara, but still we must speak because all should know that Corporal Sara Medina gave her last full measure of devotion in service to her country, helping those who needed it most. 
terrible loss, we offer our condolences and thanks of a grateful nation. 
the gentlewoman from Florida and the gentlewoman from New Jersey for affording me this opportunity to discuss a tragedy, as the gentlewoman from New Jersey stated, that has hit very close to home. 
And the reason I say that is, as stated by the gentlewoman from New Jersey, the Northeast corridor is the way we are able to travel back and forth from our home to Washington, D.C., to do the people’s business. And so it is not uncommon that I could have been on train 188. I have taken it on numerous occasions. 
the victims of this horrific Amtrak train derailment and their families at this difficult time. 
who put themselves in harm’s way to rescue passengers, and I wish all those injured a full and speedy recovery. 
close to home. Sometimes weekly, I travel, as do many of my constituents and colleagues, on this rail line. I have taken Amtrak’s 188 and had my wife and children on that specific train leaving here going back home. 
serves as an important reminder that if we are to meet this responsibility, we need to invest in our infrastructure. 
infrastructure is crumbling. The American Society of Civil Engineers has rated it as a Dplus 
find education important. If you were given a Dplus on the work that you do, on the quality of your service, what would that say? There is no doubt that we are falling 
behind other nations in the quality of our infrastructure. Longterm investments in our Nation’s infrastructure are essential for achieving economic growth and competitiveness throughout the world. 
this very real crisis. This only compounds the problem, costing American jobs and undermining our economy. 
We need to stay competitive, boost commerce, invest in economic growth and job creation, and protect our communities. These are the benefits of modernizing our Nation’s infrastructure. 
One day after the derailment of Amtrak train 188, my Republican colleagues voted to cut Amtrak funding. While the Amtrak investigation remains ongoing, we know that slashing funding will hamper safety improvements and upgrades. 
wise infrastructure investment. Let’s commit to ensuring modern, safe, and reliable infrastructure that reflects the greatness of this Nation. 
And as I go to my seat, I just want 
to, once again, thank the gentlewomen from Florida and New Jersey respectively for giving me the opportunity to have several moments to discuss what is an issue that impacts the safety, the productiveness, the competitiveness of our Nation and our infrastructure. 
I want to talk a little bit more about Amtrak, because I am the past chair and ranking member of the Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials Subcommittee, and I think Amtrak is more and more important. 
rail as their preferred mode of transportation, Amtrak is building the infrastructure and organization to meet that demand. 
million passengers in 2013. Their ridership has been growing across the system for over a decade, with last year’s ridership being the largest in the history. 
destinations in 46 States and provide the only public transportation option for millions of people in rural areas. 
mode of transportation for people in certain rural areas. 
reduced debt, has new passengers, improved their infrastructure, and purchased trains that are built 100 percent in America. That is where those parts are made, 100 percent in America. 
Amtrak reduces congestion and improves our energy independence and plays a vital role in emergency preparation. 
was moving. It was the only way people could move in this country. And Katrina. 
part in making sure that we can continue to move people, goods and services. 
close out, I want to mention something about veterans because we are getting ready to have a recess, and I have to thank all of the veterans for their service. 
to the Women’s Memorial Wall. And it is what we have done for 18 years to honor women veterans who have served in this country. 
America. We have the freedoms because of their service. I want to, once again, thank them. 
the 24th of this month, if the House does not move, the project in Denver will shut down, and it will cost over $20 million to shut down. In addition, it will be $2 million a month. We are talking about the VA facility in Denver, Colorado. 
this is our watch. The Denver hospital has been a political hot potato for over 10 years; different secretaries, different administrations. 
and it is unacceptable that we shut down this project. 
‘‘Failure is not an option.’’ We need to get it done. 
men and women have provided for our freedom, but we need to do our part in making sure that we take care of them. 
of the first President of the United States, George Washington. He said, No matter how justified we think a war may be, what is important is how we treat the veterans. 
Now, this is our watch. This is our responsibility. And we have to make sure that we take care of the veterans. 
With that, I want to thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for her leadership and for providing this opportunity to discuss transportation infrastructure, Amtrak, and also to thank the veterans for their service. 
A lot of us talk the talk, but we need 
to walk the walk and roll the roll for the veterans. 
the gentlewoman from Florida for everything that she has brought before us this evening. I thank my colleagues for raising the issues regarding the significance, the importance of, and the economic benefits, as well as the safety and security needs, of an efficient, effective, and safe transportation system. 
I want to also thank the gentlewoman for reminding us that we are having our Memorial Day holiday, and it gives us an opportunity to thank those who have made the ultimate sacrifice to keep us safe and to keep the freedoms that we hold so dear. 
I want to take this opportunity to simply remind us that the transportation needs of our community both represent safety and security that we hold very sacred in our communities, but it also provides an economic benefit that we all can benefit from. Irrespective of Republican or Democrat, rural, urban, or suburban, there is a benefit to a transportation system that moves people, goods, and supplies where they are needed. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Congresswoman BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN and Congresswoman C ORRINE BROWN for organizing 
this Congressional Progressive Caucus Special Order Hour on Transportation Infrastructure Spending. 
extend the federal surface transportation programs for two months, through July 31st. If these programs had been allowed to expire, all federal transportation funding to states and local governments would have stopped on May 31st, and numerous constructions jobs on highways, bridges and transit systems could have been cancelled. According to the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials, this needless crisis brought uncertainty to 6,000 critical construction projects across the country, and left 660,000 goodpaying construction jobs hanging in the balance. 
I voted for this bill, but I did so reluctantly 
because what we really need is a multiyear transportation bill that will bring our nation’s transportation system into the 21st century. A multiyear transportation bill with robust funding for highway, bridge and transit construction will create thousands of good jobs and provide certainty to states and local governments. 
Federal investment in our nation’s transportation system is essential. The American Society of Civil Engineers gave the public infrastructure of the United States a grade of ‘‘D+’’ in 2013 and estimated that we will need to invest $3.6 trillion by 2020 in order to improve the condition of our infrastructure. 
Rebuilding our nation’s transportation infrastructure creates jobs that are desperately needed throughout the country. The economy is still struggling to recover from the recession. The unemployment rate is 5.4 percent nationwide and is significantly higher in some minority and disadvantaged communities. Transportation funding is clearly good for the economy. 
months to prepare a multiyear transportation bill. Unfortunately, all they did last night is punt the deadline two months deeper into the critical summer construction season. I urge my Republican colleagues to work with us over the next two months so we can finally pass a multiyear transportation bill before the July 31st deadline. 
Congressional Republicans are further jeopardizing our nation’s transportation system by slashing funding for TIGER. TIGER—formally known as Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery—is a nationwide competitive grant program that creates jobs by funding investments in transportation infrastructure by states, local governments, and transit agencies. TIGER funds innovative projects that generate economic development and improve access to safe, reliable, and affordable transportation alternatives. 
$1.25 billion for TIGER in fiscal year 2016, as part of an expanded TIGER program that would provide $7.5 billion for TIGER over 6 years. This expanded TIGER program will create jobs, encourage innovation, and modernize transportation infrastructure for the 21st century. 
I sent a letter to the Appropriations Committee urging full funding of the President’s $1.25 billion request for TIGER in FY 2016, and a total of 146 Members of Congress signed my letter. 
version of the FY 2016 Transportation and Housing Appropriations (THUD) bill provides only $100 million for TIGER. That’s an 80 percent cut from FY 2015 and a small fraction of the President’s request. This kind of drastic cut in TIGER will needlessly cripple highway and transit construction plans that are already struggling due to the uncertainty surrounding the future of the transportation bill. 
We need more federal investment in transportation infrastructure, and we need it now! That is why I am introducing the TIGER Grants for Job Creation Act. This bill will provide an emergency supplemental appropriation totaling $7.5 billion dollars over the next six years for job creation through investments in transportation infrastructure. This emergency supplemental appropriation will fully fund the President’s proposal for an expanded TIGER. 
Passage of an emergency supplemental appropriation will provide funding for TIGER free from sequestration and without reducing funding for other important domestic priorities. It will also allow states, local governments, and transit agencies to begin immediately to plan projects and prepare grant applications. Thus, it will ensure an efficient use of funds and timely job creation. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support the 
TIGER Grants for Job Creation Act and fully fund the President’s request for TIGER, and I urge my colleagues to pass a multiyear transportation bill to bring our highways, bridges and public transit systems into the 21st century. 
COLEMAN ). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE INSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE CULTURE AND ARTS DEVELOPMENT 
Chair announces the Speaker’s reappointment, pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 4412, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture 
Mr. David P. Blom, Columbus, Ohio Mr. Darin Selnick, Oceanside, California 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276h and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the MexicoUnited States Interparliamentary Group: 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I appear here tonight to talk about police and community relations throughout our country. The purpose of this Special Order is to talk about how the relationship between police and local communities can be repaired. 
tensions rise between local law enforcement officers and local communities. The events we have witnessed across the country have highlighted the need for mending the strained relationships between police and communities across the country. 
in the House held a hearing entitled, Policing Strategies for the 21st Century. The purpose of this hearing was to look at how law enforcement is trained and how it is received in our communities across the country. 
week. Their focus was on the use of body cameras. 
hearings on criminal justice reform this week, but I hope that this is just the beginning and not the end of the hearings that need to be held on so many different and very important and fundamental issues on the topic of 
issues scream out for public attention and for new solutions by this Congress. 
need to be had about the best ways to improve policing practices, including ways to curb the use of excessive force, the use of body cameras, and mental health evaluations for law enforcement. The list goes on and on. 
about three of my bills: the Grand Jury Reform Act, the Police Accountability Act, and the Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act. 
subject that President Obama even weighed in on yesterday with the issuance of an executive order that incorporates my Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act. Both my bill and the President’s executive order call for a ban on the transfer of certain surplus militarygrade weaponry and both impose strict oversight and transparency measures to ensure that the equipment that is transferred is used properly. 
Equipment Working Group called for law enforcement agencies to ‘‘embrace a guardian—rather than a warrior— mindset’’ to build trust and legitimacy both within agencies and with the public. 
what we need to change in our country. Militarygrade weapons are made for one purpose, and that is to conduct war. 
launchers and this type of equipment being used by police, it enforces a message that we are at war in the streets of our very own country, the same way that we are at war in the streets of other countries. This has to change because our streets are not war zones, and we should not allow the unbridled proliferation of military weaponry onto our streets. 
flooded with surplus weaponry from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, we set the stage for a military mindset to take hold throughout the law enforcement community. We should not allow things to get twisted. There is a big difference between the law enforcement mentality and the military mindset. 
‘‘deploy, engage, and destroy the enemies of the United States of America in close combat.’’ 
with militarygrade weaponry, we start to allow the creeping in of a different mindset. And when we factor in the fact that many of our law enforcement officers have actually had to be deployed to war zones during the last 12 or 13 years because the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have been fought by a volunteer Army, with a healthy dose of deployment of Reserve and National Guard units to the battle—when we consider that, we consider the fact that 
many law enforcement officers are also reservists or National Guardsmen or women, and they have been deployed to war zones. Then they come back to their jobs in the Nation, and sometimes they could get it twisted in terms of what their actual goal and mission should be. 
On the streets of America, the mission is not to deploy and to engage the enemy and destroy the enemy in close combat. That is not what law enforcement officers should be about. And we don’t need to let that mindset creep into law enforcement. 
when you have the equipment and when you have inherent biases and prejudices that exist in the mindset of all Americans, regardless of whether or not it is law enforcement or civilian, then you get a situation where your minority communities can then be at severe risk. And that, I am afraid, is what has occurred in this country because so many of our young people have lost confidence in our police departments and in our law enforcement community. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is definitely unhealthy. It is not good for our democracy. We need to try to do something to change it. And we can’t make effective changes without understanding the problem. 
military solution on the streets of America because the streets have become so lawless, but I would beg to differ. I would beg to differ strongly, as a matter of fact. We are dealing with citizens who still need to be protected. 
are lawabiding citizens. There are some who become criminals, who stray and commit criminal acts. Sometimes those criminal acts actually place people’s lives at risk. And police and law enforcement are there to make sure that we keep people safe. 
in their homes and walking down the streets and in doing their business, in their life, work, and play pursuits. All of us want to be safe, and all of us realize that we must have law enforcement enforce the laws. All of us should have a responsibility to each other to stay within the boundaries of the law, and we are partners in that regard. We, the citizens, partner among ourselves; and then we must partner with our law enforcement community to enable law enforcement to do the job that we need them to do. 
So it is a relationship that is built on 
trust, and it is built on communication because law enforcement can only be as effective in enforcing the law as it is with respect to the relationships that it has among people in the community. 
That is why communityoriented policing is so important, to get police officers involved in the communities within which they serve; for them to get out of the car, go meet people, go develop relationships, and start the flow of dialogue. The citizens are who enable law enforcement to be most effective because that is where they get most of their information. 
I will admit that people don’t communicate with law enforcement as much as they should, and it hurts us all. The reasons for that are this breakdown in trust, which is exacerbated by the military equipment and by the military mindset, both of those going hand in hand. 
free military equipment onto our streets. We must cap that. I am not here to say that law enforcement should not have what it needs in order to do what it is supposed to do, and that is to protect and serve, but it should not have a pipeline directly between the Department of Defense and law enforcement which supplies equipment to law enforcement, leaving out the civilian authority to make the determination of whether or not the equipment is needed. 
does. That is what President Obama’s executive order, which tracks the language of the Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act, does, and that is to stop that flow and return control of the process of acquisition of law enforcement equipment back to the hands of the civilian authority. So that is the first thing that we need to do. 
need to do is to ensure good analysis of the personnel that we have doing the law enforcement, because as I said, if you have been to a war zone, the statistics show that many of those who return from the battle suffer from post traumatic stress and other illnesses that affect the mental health of the people. So we must take better care of the mental health of our law enforcement personnel, having been deployed or not. Being involved in law enforcement is very stressful, and sometimes that mental health can break down and people start making bad decisions. So we really must get a handle on that in this country. 
militarization, there are some structural issues that need to be dealt with. One is the loss of confidence in the criminal justice process, i.e., the grand jury, the secret grand jury process as it relates to law enforcement officers, because what has become clear is that whenever there has been a killing of a civilian by law enforcement officer, it often results—or it most often results—in a finding of justifiable homicide. Indeed, most killings by law enforcement are justifiable; there is no question about that. But there is also no question about the fact that some of the killings are unjustifiable. When they are unjustifiable, they need to be dealt with in accordance with the law, which means prosecution. 
The problem that we get with law enforcement officers who have acted outside of the law and have committed a 
the killing was justified despite the clear evidence to the contrary. I am not going to cite any specific cases, but I will say that these cases are well known to the public. They appear on video. Even if your eyes deceive you and the killing was justified, you are certainly justified in not having confidence in the process by which the finding that the killing was justified was rendered through. Basically I am talking about a secret grand jury process. That is why I filed the Grand Jury Reform Act, to get at this secret grand jury process and to bring transparency into the process. 
is the course of conduct in a police killing case, is that the killing itself will be investigated first, and oftentimes only by the very law enforcement agency that employed the officer involved in the incident. So what you have are friends and coworkers investigating each other. 
be impartial. It tends to be biased in favor of the accused. What usually happens is, despite what may be clear about the facts, the decision always comes down as a justifiable homicide by the law enforcement agency that is rendering the decision against its own. 
jury or to the local prosecutor, who is wellknown and knows well the law enforcement agents involved who may be the subject of the investigation. They know each other. They work together regularly to bring cases before the grand jury. 
the grand jury, often that officer is known to and by the district attorney. And even if not known, the fact that they are law enforcement gives them an inherent benefit; it gives them credibility; it gives them an edge, a positive edge, with the prosecution. 
So the prosecutor then takes the investigation by the law enforcement agency that knows and loves the officer, takes that investigation before a grand jury in a secret proceeding. No one is in there from the public to understand the quality of the evidence being presented, whether or not there is any evidence being presented. We have to just simply rely on the result that comes out of the grand jury proceeding because the grand jury proceedings are secret by law. Nothing that happens inside can be revealed. 
in what we all are awaiting, and that is an exoneration of the police officer despite the clear evidence to the contrary. Once you have that determination, it is a closed case. So when you have that happening repeatedly over and over again over the course of time, it erodes public confidence in the criminal justice process. 
Reform Act, would simply mandate that whenever there is a killing during the course of a policeman’s use of his or her authority in the line of work, in 
the line of duty, whenever there is a killing, then there would have to be appointed an independent law enforcement agency, the top law enforcement agency of that particular State, to take over the investigation and to perform the investigation. That would give it a little more sense of being impartial. 
has concluded, then the matter would be presented to a judge in open court by a special prosecutor appointed by the Governor, who would then be charged with presenting that independent investigation to a judge in a probable cause hearing in open court. And that judge could then make a determination of whether or not probable cause existed; and if it did or if it did not, that judge would then issue a written finding of fact and deliver the case back to the local prosecutor who would then, in accordance with existing State law, proceed through the secret grand jury process or whatever other process was available to that district attorney—who is elected by the people, by the way. 
enable there to be some transparency so that the public would understand, hear the evidence and see the evidence. Then there would be accountability that would be established on behalf of the people based on what the elected prosecutor decided to do with the case. 
So it is hard to hold a local prosecutor accountable after a secret grand jury process, and the only thing you can rely upon is the earnest presentation in a press conference by the prosecutor that we did our best, we presented the evidence, and the grand jury came back finding that the killing was justified. 
in the case of Michael Brown in Ferguson where they did release the grand jury transcripts, and you could see where the evidence, a boatload or a truckload, a dump truck of evidence was just dumped on the confused grand jury members who were charged on a law that was not even applicable, given bad law upon which to decide the case. 
grand jury proceeding in that case, and that, ladies and gentlemen, is not the only time I am sure that there has been abuse within the grand jury room. But we will never know because it is secret. 
called the Police Accountability Act. What it would do would be to provide another tool for Federal prosecutors to be able to prosecute law enforcement officers for the offense of murder and all of the lesser included offenses should it appear that the process within the State did not work. 
So those three bills I have discussed. Now I see my colleague has arrived, 
SHEILA JACKSON LEE, who, out of Houston, Texas, has ascended to the top spot, the ranking membership on the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, 
and Investigations Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee, upon which I also serve along with her. So with that, I will yield to the gentlewoman from Houston. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia has approximately 4 minutes remaining. 
He is right. We serve on the Judiciary Committee. He serves with great distinction as the ranking member on the Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Subcommittee, and I have the privilege of working and serving with him on the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee. 
these issues for any number of years, he is a practicing lawyer, a graduate of the distinguished Thurgood Marshall School of Law, which I have the privilege of representing. We know that we are now in a significant moment of history, and that is, if I might use language that is not particularly legislative, we can’t fool around. 
public, I believe, want remedies for, and that is persons who are civilians and persons who are law enforcement officers. 
that we just held, Mr. Speaker, held in front of the Judiciary Committee on Tuesday—and we thanked Chairman GOODLATTE and we thanked Ranking 
voices asking for this hearing. It was a hearing of information, but I think it did evidence that there is a divide that 
Today, I stand on the floor to acknowledge and honor, Mr. Johnson, a fallen officer in my district. None of us want to consent to actions against law enforcement officers in the line of duty protecting our communities and our Nation. 
have the opportunity to confront serious issues developing a roadmap for better police community relations. In addition to the legislation that I know Mr. JOHNSON has already elaborated 
on—and I support him in his efforts— we will be looking at legislation that deals with holding the standard matrix to provide a roadmap of training for police officers and law enforcement officers from deescalation, to ideas of interaction with community, professional training, educational training. 
CADET bill, which talks about gathering the appropriate data related to excessive force being used by civilians or police officers and using that material to be able to formulate the right kind of approach to protect all. 
the Private Prison Information Act, which indicates that the same requirements for the Federal prison system should be for the private, nonpublic prison system providing reports of injuries or behavior that should be reported, and we hope that bill will move quickly. 
early release bill that argues for the early release dealing with incarcerated persons responding to mass incarceration, which we believe is very important. This deals with a certain age. 
bill that indicates 1 day for 1 day; if you have 54 days of good time, then you get 54 days. Now, it is not the case. 
Let me just say this, as I yield back 
to you, we will not pass legislation unless we can all understand each other’s pain. The horrific pain of losing law enforcement officers and them not going home to their families, I mourn—the horrific pain of a Michael Brown or Eric Garner and a Tamir Rice and a Walter Scott and any number of others—and, of course, Freddie Gray. 
What we need to do is, in understanding that pain, not be accusatory and get bills before the Judiciary Committee to make our system the best justice system in the world. That is what I would like to see happen. I know that you, as a practicing lawyer and who have addressed these issues, would like to see that happen as well. 
I would like to join you on the floor 
over and over again for these kinds of Special Orders, to speak to our colleagues about getting something done, passing comprehensive criminal reform, getting it done to answer the pain of all Americans. 
lives, and we honor the men and women in uniform who wear the uniform on our behalf, to be able to walk alongside us in dignity. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CURBELO of Florida) at 10 
send to the desk a concurrent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
S. 178, an Act to provide justice for the victims of trafficking, the Secretary of the Senate shall— 
that any arrest or conviction of an individual for an offense associated with human trafficking is a result of being trafficked, if the individual— 
‘‘(II) is the subject of a certification by the 
trafficking, which has been issued by a Federal, State, or local agency; and 
who are human trafficking survivors in public and court records; and 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
PELOSI ) for May 18 for the first vote. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Thursday, May 21, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1529. A letter from the Chief Financial Officer, Department of Energy, transmitting a report of a violation of the Antideficiency Act, as required by 31 U.S.C. 1351; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
1530. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Admiral Samuel J. Locklear III, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of Admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Charles T. Cleveland, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. B LACK BURN , and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California): H.R. 2461. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve access to, and utilization of, bone mass measurement benefits under part B of the Medicare program by establishing a minimum payment amount under such part for bone mass measurement; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of the Federal antitrust laws to the business of health insurance to protect competition and consumers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
General to provide grants for drug disposal sites; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2464. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the accountability of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2465. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to make certain improvements to the monthly housing stipend payable under the Post9/11 Educational Assistance Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2466. A bill to require the President to 
submit a plan for resolving all outstanding claims relating to property confiscated by the Government of Cuba before taking action to ease restrictions on travel to or trade with Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
LUMMIS , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. G OSAR , 
Mr. H UDSON , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. B ROOKS of 
H.R. 2467. A bill to clarify that the Secretary of Homeland Security may undertake law enforcement and border security activities within the Organ MountainsDesert Peaks National Monument, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2468. A bill to improve minority inclusion in clinical trials; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Water Pollution Control Act to establish within the Environmental Protection Agency a Columbia River Basin Restoration Program; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
RUSH, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C UMMINGS , and 
prisons and detention facilities holding Federal prisoners under a contract with the Federal Government to make available to the public the same information pertaining to facility operations and to prisoners held in such facilities that Federal prisons and detention facilities are required to make available; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Spending as a percentage of potential GDP to rightsize the government, grow the economy, and balance the budget; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Health Service Act to establish a National Organ and Tissue Donor Registry Resource Center, to authorize grants for State organ and tissue donor registries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2473. A bill to include credit unions as 
community financial institutions under the Federal Home Loan Bank Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
WELCH , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. M AXINE  
Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
Futures Trading Commission to impose fees and assessments to recover the cost of appropriations to the Commission; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 2475. A bill to provide for a oneyear 
extension of the extended period of protections for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2476. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to facilitate the transition to Medicare for individuals enrolled in group health plans, to establish a 3month open enrollment period under Medicare Advantage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
MCHENRY , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. B LUM, 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. R OYCE ): 
H.R. 2477. A bill to amend securities, commodities, and banking laws to make the information reported to financial regulatory agencies electronically searchable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2478. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require that ITIN applicants submit their application in person at taxpayer assistance centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for the issuance of uptodate regulations and guidance applying to the dissemination by means of the Internet of information about medical products; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico (for himself, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN  
H.R. 2480. A bill to increase research, education, and treatment for cerebral cavernous malformations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2481. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make certain contract research eligible for the research credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Housing Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2483. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide standards for determining employment status, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
JONES , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. Z INKE, 
Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C ARTERof Georgia, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
and Nationality Act to provide that certain aliens who are pregnant are ineligible to receive visas and ineligible to be admitted to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2485. A bill to establish in the Department of the Treasury an infrastructure accelerator program to facilitate investments in and financing of certain infrastructure projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 2486. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to disallow deductions for the payment of compensatory and punitive damages to a government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
correct the enrollment of S. 178; considered and agreed to. 
H. Con. Res. 48. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. GRAYSON (for himself, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. R USH, and Mr. L IPINSKI ): 
freedom of expression and human rights in Turkey; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Legislature of the State of Washington, relative to Senate Joint Memorial No. 8008, asking the Congress to support the Conversion of the 81st Armored Brigade Combat Team of the Washington National Guard into a Stryker Brigade Combat Team with brigade units stationed in Washington, Oregon, and California; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
29. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan, relative to House Resolution No. 29, memorializing the Congress to require the Department of Defense to ensure that replacement aircraft are assigned to Selfridge Air National Guard Base to compensate for the proposed elimination of the A10 fleet; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
the State of Florida, relative to Senate Memorial 866, expressing profound disagreement with the decision of the President of the United States to restore full diplomatic relations with Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
32. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Maine, relative to Joint Resolution 933, requesting the President and the Congress to direct the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service to expand hatchery operations to rivers in Maine by partnering with the State and with the many nongovernment organizations that are focused on restoring Atlantic salmon to their historic natal rivers; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the State of Wyoming, relative to House Enrolled Joint Resolution 5, requesting Congress to amend the United States Constitution to authorize congressional votes to approve or disapprove proposed federal regulations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the State of Washington, relative to Senate Joint Memorial No. 8013, requesting Congress expedite appropriation of funds to significantly enhance monitoring and prevention efforts and to implement the intent of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
the State of Wyoming, relative to House Enrolled Joint Resolution No. 2, urging Congress to lift the freeze on longer commercial vehicles for the affected Western states in order to take advantage of new transportation strategies to improve highway efficiency; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2461. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislative powers under Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution. Under this provision, Congress has the authority to regulate ‘‘commerce among the several states’’ and ‘‘To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises.’’ 
H.R. 2462. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 2463. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2465. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2466. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
with foreign nations, among the several states with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 2467. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the power to enact this law. 
H.R. 2468. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2469. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitution of the United States provides clear authority for Congress to pass legislation to provide for the general welfare of the United States. Article I of the Constitution, in detailing Congressional authority, provides that ‘‘Congress shall have Power to provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States. . . . ’’ This legislation is introduced pursuant to that grant of authority. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2471. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, which gives Congress the authority to borrow money on the credit of the United States. 
H.R. 2472. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2473. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2474. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the 
H.R. 2475. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States.’’ 
H.R. 2477. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 Clause 3 The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 2478. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2479. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution, which states ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico: 
H.R. 2480. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2481. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2482. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2483. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 2484. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Constitution of the United States 
H.R. 2485. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2486. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.J. Res. 55. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution . . .’’ This joint resolution is submitted for Congress to consider whether it is necessary to amend the Constitution to include it. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 271: Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
H.R. 381: Mr. P OCAN , Ms. B ASS, and Ms. 
H.R. 512: Mr. B UCSHON and Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 546: Mr. C UELLAR and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 649: Mr. W ELCH and Mrs. B EATTY . 
CONAWAY , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. F LEMING , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 702: Mr. L ONG, Mr. B RADY of Texas, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
H.R. 766: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
H.R. 767: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 800: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 825: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 842: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. G ROTHMAN , 
H.R. 868: Mr. R USHand Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 915: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 921: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 985: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 986: Mr. B ARTON , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and 
H.R. 1002: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 1019: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
H.R. 1027: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. S MITH of Missouri and Ms. 
H.R. 1101: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. K ILMER. 
H.R. 1190: Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. B OST, 
H.R. 1233: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. L ONG, 
H.R. 1299: Mr. S ABIN, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. P ALMER , and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. 
H.R. 1378: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 1389: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. N UGENT , 
H.R. 1462: Mr. P IERLUISI and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1486: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 1555: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mrs. M CMORRIS  
H.R. 1567: Mr. D OLDand Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 1600: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 1602: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. N EAL, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. T IBERI , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B OUSTANY , 
Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. 
H.R. 1635: Mr. H ECK of Nevada and Mr. 
H.R. 1721: Mr. M CNERNEY and Ms. C LARK of 
H.R. 1739: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. W ILSON of South 
H.R. 1752: Mr. P ALMER and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. E LLISON and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 1817: Mr. F LEMING , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
H.R. 1853: Mr. F LORES , Mr. G ENEGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1932: Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. G IBBS, 
H.R. 1942: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. J OYCE . 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. I SRAEL , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. B ASS, and Mr. 
H.R. 1964: Mr. Z ELDIN and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1989: Mr. H URD of Texas and Mr. 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. G RIFFITH , and 
LOWEY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , 
Mr. B ENISHEK , and Ms. R OSLEHTINEN . 
H.R. 2072: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. B EYER . 
WILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 2114: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2132: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 2213: Mr. P OSEY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
WALKER , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 2233: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. O’R OURKE , and 
H.R. 2290: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 2306: Mr. M OOLENAAR and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. W ILSON of 
PERLMUTTER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. L AMALFA , 
H.R. 2321: Ms. B ORDALLO and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2393: Mr. T IBERI , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
LABRADOR , Mr. R EED, Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. 
H.R. 2400: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B URGESS , 
and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2403: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
H.R. 2412: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2429: Ms. D ELBENEand Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 2450: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C ARSON  
H. Res. 54: Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L YNCH , and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H. Res. 193: Mr. C OOKand Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H. Res. 207: Mr. S ALMON and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H. Res. 209: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
H. Res. 227: Mr. L EVIN, Ms. M ENG, and Mr. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3089 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 20, 2015 No. 78 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. O Lord, our rock, hear our praise 
today, for Your faithfulness endures to all generations. You hear our prayers and surround us with Your mercy. You are our strength and our shield. Listen to the melody of our gratitude, for You are the center of our joy. 
paths with Your precepts, dispelling the darkness of doubt and fear. Today, guide our lawmakers. Be their shepherd in these dangerous times. Give them eyes to see that You have not left Yourself without a witness in every living thing. Help them, Lord, to walk with reverence and sensitivity through all the days of their lives. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 