June 4, 1989, prodemocracy demonstrators were killed by Chinese troops while peacefully advocating for government accountability and political and economic reforms. 
In the aftermath, the Chinese Government arrested large numbers of protesters and their supporters, prohibited other demonstrations, expelled foreign journalists, and have prohibited discussion or remembrance of these events ever since. 
state of human rights in China 26 years after Tiananmen Square. 
Since 2011, Zhu Yufu, a Chinese democracy advocate, Christian dissident, and poet has languished in prison simply for expressing his democratic beliefs. Today, I urge his immediate and unconditional release. 
Project, my colleagues and I will continue to shine a light on Zhu Yufu’s case and that of other prisoners of conscience. I applaud Zhu Yufu and his fellow champions of freedom for their courage. We thank them for their courage. They are not alone. URGING SUPPORT FOR SANCHEZ 
YOUNG SOCIAL SECURITY DISABILITY INSURANCE FOR TERMINALLY ILL ACT 
of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, imagine that your loved one was diagnosed with terminal leukemia on January 1. They will undergo chemotherapy, need daily medical care and attention, and be unable to work. 
Social Security disability insurance benefits and are quickly approved. However, due to an archaic, bureaucratic law, your loved one will have to wait 5 months before receiving any benefits. If you were diagnosed with a terminal illness on the first week of the new year, you wouldn’t receive disability benefits until this week, the 21st week of the year. 
hypothetical example, but this happened to an Albuquerque resident and my friend, Jeremy Sanchez, who had to wait months before receiving the benefits that he earned, after being diagnosed with leukemia. 
That is why I, along with my colleague Congressman ISRAEL , am introducing the SanchezYoung Social Security Disability Insurance for the Terminally Ill Act, which would repeal the 5month waiting period for the terminally ill and ensure that SSDI protects the most vulnerable recipients when they need it most. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
to honor the men and women of the Lake County Forest Preserve District and their 100year vision for protecting Lake County’s unique and precious environment. 
Kovach, they have assembled a bold, 100year vision for how to preserve our wildlife and this natural resource, not just for us today, but for our children and our children’s children. 
Preserve District wants to ensure future generations can reap the benefits from a healthy and resilient environment and understand that the only way to ensure a better future is to make changes today. Their education and leadership on conservation issues will go a long way to protecting this incredible resource. 
efforts and humbly stand by their side to continue to champion the importance of protecting our environment. 
rise to speak in support of new legislation I am cosponsoring with my friend Congressman DAVID JOLLY to extend 
Florida’s Gulf Coast oil drilling ban to the year 2027. 
125 miles off much of Florida’s Gulf Coast and as far as 235 miles in some areas, but it is set to expire in 2022. There are some in the Senate trying to reduce the ban to just 50 miles as soon as next year. 
This legislation reaffirms our commitment to protecting Florida’s precious Gulf Coast beaches and will protect the environment, our economy, and military operations in the Gulf. 
just 50 miles off of northwest Florida’s beaches would be devastating for our region. We can’t allow that to happen and should pass this legislation to extend the drilling ban and protect Florida’s Gulf Coast beaches. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, House Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY calls it ‘‘some of the 
best ice cream I have had outside of my hometown of Bakersfield.’’ 
The majority leader, of course, is referring to the ice cream produced at Penn State University’s Berkey Creamery. I am proud to rise today in recognition of the creamery’s 150th anniversary. 
A. Erickson Food Science Building on Penn State University’s main campus, was first established in 1865. 
university creamery in the United States, using more than 4.5 million pounds of milk each year, supporting Pennsylvania’s robust dairy industry. 
To help celebrate their 150th anniversary, the creamery has launched a social media contest, which allows fans to select the special sesquicentennial flavor. Voters have a few days left to choose between birthday cake, strawberry cheesecake, or red velvet. 
Penn State University, I congratulate the Berkey Creamery on 150 years of creating countless memories, and especially the hardworking student employees and the 23 fulltime employees that make the operations such a great success. 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize the Tampa Bay Estuary Program and the great work they have done since their founding in 1991. 
of the most vibrant and productive ecosystems along the Gulf Coast because the unique mix of saltwater from the Gulf and freshwater from rivers and uplands have created abundant nurseries for juvenile fish and other sea life. More than 70 percent of all fish, shellfish, and crustaceans spend some critical stage of their development in these nearshore waters protected from larger predators that swim the open sea. 
Southwest Florida Water Management District have found that Tampa Bay now supports over 40,000 acres of sea grass beds. Tampa Bay is Florida’s largest open water estuary. Due to the great work of the program, Tampa Bay’s water quality is now as good as it was in 1950. 
Tampa Bay’s estuary program, particularly Executive Director Holly Greening, for her vision not only for the estuary program, but for the entire Tampa Bay community. 
again assuming its position as the shimmering economic and environmental centerpiece of the vibrant southwest Florida region. 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to pay tribute to Chuck Johnson, a man who kept me and countless other 
public servants in Montana honest and accountable as the capitol bureau chief and longtime political reporter. 
began in 1977. In the decades since, Chuck has been the primary educator of government, politics, and ethics for generations of Montanans. 
Chuck as a State senator and had the distinct pleasure of traveling with him across Montana. He is a straight shooter and a true professional. 
outlets that push agendas and competition for cliques, Chuck’s modus operandi was to tell the truth, tell the facts, and let the people of Montana decide. I urge future journalists to study his work and learn what they can from this true Montana professional. 
HULTGREN ). Pursuant to House Resolution 287 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2577. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. POEof Texas (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) 
had been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 156, line 15. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
am certain it comes as no surprise to anyone in this body that, as we go through this appropriations season, I come back to the floor working to make another cut to get our spending levels down. The bill we have before us, the THUD approps, is a $55.3 billion bill. That is discretionary funding. 
Now, credit should go to the subcommittee chairmen and to those who have worked on this to get the spending levels down because this is $9.7 billion below the President’s request. That is really quite remarkable. And my amendment, which is another 1 percent reduction—a penny out of a dollar—would save our taxpayers $598 million and would reduce the 2006 outlays by $369 million. 
at budget authority and you look at the outlays, those are significant numbers. They are significant also, Mr. Chairman, when you look at the debt. We are $18.3 trillion in debt; and, quite frankly, I think that that is too much debt for us to ask our children and grandchildren to handle. 
stewards of the taxpayers’ money, put these issues on the table and say, ‘‘Yes, there are great things we would like to do,’’ ‘‘Yes, there are projects that would be wonderful,’’ but we have to be responsible to the taxpayers. 
just grow on trees. What we have to realize is that it all comes from taxpayers. They are overtaxed. They feel the Federal Government is overspent, and they want to see the spending brought under control. I agree with them. That is why I bring this amendment forward. 
to look at the fact that our economic security, our fiscal security, and our national security are all closely linked. Because of that, Admiral Mullen said that the greatest threat to our Nation’s security is our Nation’s debt. We have to get serious about reducing this debt. 
the bill that is in front of us is a responsible bill that adheres to the budget caps set by law and passed by this body. We set priorities in this bill, and we made targeted cuts to overhead, salaries, expenses, and also duplicative programs, Mr. Chairman. Many programs are also held at last year’s level or below. Again, we made some tough decisions. 
frankly, an acrosstheboard cut with this amendment, it would have some, frankly—and I know it is well intentioned—it would have some harmful effects on the priorities set by the Members of this House. Again, we have cut programs, but based on hearings, on meetings, on discussions, and on careful reviews of, again, the budget justifications and also the audits. 
very well intentioned, would hit, for example, air traffic control operations and cause unnecessary flight delays. It could hurt our most vulnerable populations by, for example, affecting assistance to over 50,000 residents, including elderly and disabled populations. 
are not areas that can be reduced. We have done that. As a matter of fact, we have been in debate, and we have heard a lot of debate about some people saying that we have done too much of that. But we have done so after hours and hours of deliberations, of talking, of conversations, of study, and of hearings. So, again, I know it is a wellintended amendment, and I am a huge admirer of the sponsor of this amendment, but I have to respectfully urge a ‘‘no’’ vote precisely because of the time we have spent to make the right reductions as opposed to acrosstheboard reductions. 
may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), the ranking member of the subcommittee. 
Chairman, I thank the chairman of our subcommittee for yielding, and I want to join him in opposing this amendment. 
This is an indiscriminate amendment. It cuts programs in transportation and housing without any thought as to their relative merits. It is the opposite of intelligent appropriating. 
fewer air traffic controllers, fewer pipeline safety inspectors, and the eviction—literally, the eviction—of elderly and disabled tenants. More generally, investments in our transportation and housing infrastructure would be altered. The associated jobs would be lost. 
Chairman. It has got to be revisited when we have a budget agreement that lets us do a decent job with this bill. 
the wrong directions. It would encourage the agencies not to do more with less, but to do less with less, and it would be a body blow to our constituents and our communities. 
Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge opposition to the amendment. 
this is the right approach. Our States, who can’t go print money in order to balance their budget, utilize across theboard cuts. Look at Tennessee, 
Massachusetts, Washington State, New Jersey, and Colorado. They all employ this. Here is why, if you want to engage State employees and Federal employees, and bring the agencies into the process, you say: Okay. We have set your budget levels, we have appropriated your money, now we are coming to you. You are a part of the team, and we need you to engage in how we best save taxpayer money. 
When I was in the State senate in Tennessee, if we didn’t balance the budget, we didn’t go home. It is time for the Federal Government to dig deep and engage these employees. You can talk with rankandfile Federal employees. I have done it many times. They say we know how we can save money, but they are not incentivized to do so. Let’s challenge them. Let’s engage them. Let’s have them bring forward their best ideas. 
are doing this for the children. We are doing this for future generations. We are doing this for our Nation’s fiscal health, and we are doing it to preserve our sovereignty to get these debt levels down. 
It is time for us to do that. It is responsible budgeting. It is time for everybody to be a part of the team, putting this Nation back on the road to fiscal health, to a balanced budget, and being respectful of the taxpayer and a good steward of the taxpayers’ money. 
Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used in contravention of the 5th or 14th Amendment to the Constitution or title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia. 
amendment to prohibit the use of Federal funds to stop, investigate, detain, or arrest people on highways based on their physical appearance in violation of the Fifth and 14th Amendments of the United States Constitution and title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. This is the same amendment I successfully offered to the fiscal year 2015 T HUD appropriations bill and was agreed to by a voice vote on the House floor and was included in the fiscal year 2015 omnibus bill. I ask the same for the current amendment, which, like the one passed by the House last year, seeks to prevent profiling by law enforcement officials and to ensure that citizens are not stopped, investigated, or detained based on their color or other inherent physical appearance. 
United States, held that profiling based on physical appearance on highways violates equal protection of the laws. Title VI of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, whose 50th anniversary we celebrated in 2014, enforces the 14th Amendment and applies to funding for all Federal agencies and departments. My amendment carries out this title VI mandate as expressed in transportation funding in particular. 
race by a Federal law enforcement official finds that racial profiling is not merely wrong, but is also ineffective. Not only Blacks and Hispanics are affected, but many others in our country as well, given the increasing diversity of American society. 
Justice’s Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that Whites are stopped at a rate of 3.6 percent, but Blacks at 9.5 percent and Hispanics at 8.8 percent, more than twice that of Whites. The figures are roughly the same regardless of region or State. 
In Minnesota, for example, a statewide study of racial profiling found that African American, Hispanic, and Native American drivers were stopped and searched far more often than Whites, yet contraband was found more frequently in cars where White drivers had been stopped. 
stops and searches of African Americans and Hispanics were found to have taken place, it was also found that Whites more often were carrying contraband. 
the Racial Profiling Prevention Act, my bill to reestablish a popular Federal program aimed at reducing racial profiling. This bill permits States to apply for grants to develop racial profiling laws, to collect and maintain data on traffic stops, to fashion programs to reduce racial profiling, and to train law enforcement officers. 
the program when it was in existence, which shows both the need and the interest in our country in tackling this civil rights issue. I got this program included in the surface transportation 
law in 2005, but that program expired in 2009. I will try to get this bill included in the surface transportation reauthorization bill we will be writing this year, but in the meantime, a formal prohibition on racial profiling is in order. Meanwhile, Congress should have no hesitation in carrying out the 14th Amendment and the 1964 Civil Rights Act mandate regarding Federal funding of transportation, and neither the House nor the Senate hesitated last year. 
and increasing diversity, we are late in barring profiling at the national level. At the very least, Federal taxpayers should not be compelled to subsidize the unconstitutional practice of profiling by law enforcement officials in the States. 
this amendment, especially in light of recent issues in cities like Ferguson and Baltimore. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to carry out the rule entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing’’, published by the Department of Housing and Urban Development in the Federal Register on July 19, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 43710; Docket No. FR5173P01) or to carry out the notice entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing Assessment Tool’’, published by the Department of Housing and Urban Development in the Federal Register on September 26, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 57949; Docket No. FR5173N02). 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer an amendment intended to prevent yet another costly overreach by the Federal Government into the jurisdiction of local towns and communities. 
bill, the House passed an amendment of mine to prevent funds for HUD’s proposed new regulation that will allow bureaucrats in Washington, D.C., to get in the middle of local planning and zoning and prohibit community development block grant funds from going to communities that need them. 
defund and block this new regulation that was not approved by Congress. 
HUD’s misguided rule would grant the Department authority to dictate local zoning requirements in any community across the country that applies for a community development block grant. 
rule would have negatively impacted more than 1,200 municipalities throughout the country, causing these communities to forfeit millions that are meant to help the neediest of families. 
HUD will increase local taxes, depress property values, and cause further harm to impoverished communities that are actually in need of these funds. 
would be imposed by HUD bureaucrats on localities would be derived from tracked resident data based on citizens’ race, sex, religion, and other federally protected demographics. 
raised serious and valid concerns about HUD’s proposal. A trial run of this rule already took place in New York. It failed miserably, and a local county was initially forced to forego $12 million in funds that would have benefited the community due to the impractical and unrealistic requirements associated with the misguided agency regulation. 
large portion of these block grant funds to establish public housing for individuals in need. But recently, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled in favor of the county and granted a stay against HUD’s attempts to reallocate those millions. 
OMB is very dangerous and, worst of all, unnecessary. The Federal Government already has the authority to withhold grant money from communities that violate the law. And to clarify, I do mean the actual law in the United States Code, as opposed to overreaching executive dictums. 
should be free to choose where they would like to live and not be subject to Federal neighborhood microengineering at the behest of overreaching Federal bureaucrats. 
holding hostage grant moneys aimed at community improvement based on its unrealistic utopian ideas of what every community should resemble. Local zoning decisions have traditionally been, and should always be, made by local communities, not bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. 
commonsense amendment because it keeps the Federal Government out of your backyard and prevents the Feds from reorganizing communities to a fantastical standard. 
amendment because it aims to treat municipalities and individual citizens 
disenfranchised, divided, and coddled groups in need of protection from a problem that does not exist. 
ranking member for their continued work on the committee. 
intended to help communities more fully comply with the law and to avoid costly and timeconsuming legal challenges. 
HUD into local planning and zoning conditions is simply inaccurate. Nor does it set up additional hurdles to Federal funding. That is inaccurate too. 
better understand local conditions and to create locally decided and implemented solutions. 
want to revert back to a standard that relied on drawnout litigation rather than simply presenting communities up front with information on local housing conditions and letting them address their needs. I know my local officials prefer community developed solutions over decrees that are judicially imposed. 
from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), a distinguished member of the Financial Services Committee, to express his opposition to this amendment. 
actually talking about. We are trying to fight racial segregation. That is what this is all about. Our Nation, the Nation I love, held slaves for 246 years and did Jim Crow segregation for another 100 years, and that created racial segregation patterns which this Member is trying to stop us from correcting. This is deeply offensive. 
I just want to say that when I think 
about the progress that our Nation has made so that when we say ‘‘all men are created equal’’ and when we say ‘‘liberty and justice for all,’’ that it will be true. This amendment is saying no, we are not going to allow it to be true; we are going to keep residential segregation based on race; we are going to make communities balkanize. 
like the Federal Government should stay out of local affairs, that sounds like some states’ rights talk from 1955. That sounds like something really offensive to me. 
Look, we need HUD to help implement affirmatively furthering fair housing rules. We need that. We need HUD to expand its efforts to fight discrimination and promote equal opportunity in every community. 
people’s economic opportunities, their life chances, are limited by where they live. And yes, the Federal Government should promote equality and should promote fair housing. Affirmatively furthering a fair housing rule helps to do that. Why we would want to strip it out makes absolutely no sense to me. 
is going on right here and to very fervently vote ‘‘no’’ on the Gosar amendment. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the opposition create and instigate racism. This is about decisions made at the local level and the local level knowing what is best for their communities. There is nothing of the sort that the gentleman from Minnesota brought up in regard to that attitude that I brought forward. 
Government instilling in our local communities where, how, and when people are going to live. That is the wrong way to be. Instead of building cripples like we are doing right now with the Federal Government, we ought to make sustainable communities that are based on local ideas and principles. 
amendment because it definitely rejects the overreach of the Federal Government. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to permit air transportation service between midnight and 6 a.m. at Ronald Reagan National Airport (DCA). 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia. 
myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an 
amendment that would prohibit Federal funds from being used to permit airline service between midnight and 6 a.m. at Ronald Reagan National Airport. 
community meeting with standing room only on airport airplane noise with residents of Palisades, Foxhall, Georgetown, Hillandale, and other impacted neighborhoods in the District of Columbia. Representatives of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, the Federal Aviation Administration, and residents sat on a panel while we discussed airplane noise that has completely disrupted the life of this community. 
Over the last 18 months, D.C. residents have reported an increase in air 
traffic activity during nighttime and early morning hours, breaking the sleep of children and adults alike. During this time period, one airline added two flights that arrive at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport after midnight and three flights that depart before 5 a.m. 
prohibition, none whatsoever, on nighttime flights at Ronald Reagan National Airport. Until recent years, however, flights at this airport could not land after 10 p.m. or take off before 7 a.m. 
latitude without introducing continuing sleepless nights for residents. Congress can settle this issue in the Nation’s Capital to provide relief to those residents who suffer from airline noise night after night and early morning after early morning. 
I urge the adoption of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
at this time, I will have to oppose this amendment. 
potential unintended consequences of this amendment. We don’t know all of the potential impacts of this amendment, from safety to capacity to, frankly, the effect on local economics. 
not to legislatively direct specific flight restrictions or flight paths. As you can well imagine, Mr. Chairman, there are a lot of these issues out there, but we have made the decision to not do that. 
the potential unintended consequences, so I would respectfully have to urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
today point to with respect to the pending FAA authorization. It is expiring at the end of this fiscal year. 
and Infrastructure Committee are exploring options to reform the FAA. One of them includes separating the FAA from the Department of Transportation and allowing the FAA more independence over the use of its resources. 
This is an important time to encourage our colleagues to think very carefully about that, about whether a more independent FAA, one that does not have to rely on annual appropriations, would be as attentive to concerns such as our colleague raises today, concerns about noise, concerns about flight paths. 
this area. I have misgivings about the piecemeal approach, but I believe there is an important message that is being delivered to the leadership of the FAA. I strongly urge the Administrator to ensure the FAA is more attentive to the concerns that are raised by communities when developing their new flight procedures. 
understand the concerns of my friend on the other side of the aisle, and I appreciate the remarks of my friend on this side, I do alert the House to the fact that I am at least speaking from precedent. 
States there are people who may have similar concerns. But remember, we are talking about a jurisdiction which in recent years has had no flights between 10 and 7, and now there are some airlines that have taken advantage of the fact that there are no limit on slots at Reagan National Airport. 
Capital that is metropolitan in scope. The Nation’s Capital is different from many other communities. I ask the House—and I certainly appreciate the remarks concerning possible privatization of FAA—to bear in mind that it is Congress that is ultimately the arbiter of such concerns. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Hazardous Materials: Enhanced Tank Car Standards and Operational Controls for HighHazard Flammable Trains’’ published by the Department of Transportation in the Federal Register on May 8, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 26643 et seq.). 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer an amendment which would prohibit funds for the implementation of the Department of Transportation’s bungled new regulations for rail tank car standards. 
standards and best practices which actually improve the safety and efficiency of oilbyrail transport. However, the new tank car rule completely missed the mark. 
practical experience of the rail, oil, and manufacturing industries, the Obama administration developed a series of special interest regulations at the behest of extremist environmental groups that seem more intent on thwarting the American energy renaissance than on actually creating a safer rail network. 
regulations were even proposed is because of a misguided lawsuit filed against the DOT by the Sierra Club. 
Analytics firm ICF International estimated the cost of these new regulations to top $42 billion, which will be laid on the backs of individual consumers and hardworking Americans. I repeat, $42 billion will be lost to our economy as a result of this new rule. These costly regulations will be reflected not only in the price we pay at the pump, but also in the price of manufacturing the millions of products that use plastics and chemicals derived from American petroleum. 
regulations don’t even address the root cause of these accidents, which are related to track conditions and human error. 
regulation in search of a problem. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said as much in 2014 when he admitted: ‘‘The truth is that 99.9 percent of these oil shipments reach their destinations safely.’’ 
These new and overreaching mandates require railroad companies to unnecessarily increase their steel tank walls and will require significant upgrades and retrofitting for an estimated 154,500 tank cars. In fact, The Wall Street Journal has reported: ‘‘The steel jacket alone would lower a car’s 30,000gallon capacity by about 800 gallons, forcing shippers to deploy more cars, according to rail industry analysts.’’ 
Clearly, this is an unintended consequence of these new regulations for a .01 percent problem, which actually increases this .01 percent user accident 
rate percentage by requiring significantly more railcars to actually haul the amount of oil. 
proposed by the DOT for completing these retrofits is unrealistic and could harm consumers by disrupting the production and transportation of goods that play major roles in our economy, including chemicals, gasoline, crude oil, and ethanol. 
were really concerned about rail safety for transporting oil, they would approve the Keystone pipeline. Pipelines are the safest way to transfer crude. 
Our country is in the midst of an energy renaissance which is driving a muchneeded economic revival in American manufacturing. We should be pursuing thoughtful, factbased best practices, instead of adding artificial constraints on the growth of the American energy sector focused on a 1 percent problem that is caused by user error. 
my amendment which would prohibit the implementation of this extraneous new rule and to insist that the Department of Transportation pursue a more feasible, datadriven approach that has safety standards in mind. 
I thank the chair and ranking member for their leadership on this bill. 
Chairman, I rise, honestly, in some disbelief that this amendment is actually being offered. 
stakeholders have been calling for months for the DOT to complete its rulemaking to update the integrity of tank cars that carry energy products and other hazardous materials. The DOT got the final rule out on May 8, and now, today, the gentleman wants to stop the implementation of that rule in its tracks. 
of derailments involving trains that carry crude oil and other energy products. These incidents have resulted in explosive fires that burn for days. The incident that occurred in Quebec resulted in the preventable deaths of almost 50 people. 
U.S. and Canadian transportation officials have worked hard to try to improve the safe transportation of these dangerous products. The railroad industry wants stronger cars. Safety groups want stronger cars. Communities desperately want stronger cars. 
We ought not to delay the implementation of this longawaited rule, so I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
I am now happy to yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DIAZ 
recognize and thank the sponsor of the amendment. I am grateful that he is so vigilant as the Federal Government does have a tendency to overregulate and to, frankly, sometimes do so, I would say, irresponsibly. However, in this case, I have to oppose his amendment. 
recently associated with crude oil, and I think most Americans would agree that we need to do what we can in a reasonable fashion to try to stop that from happening. 
the amendment for always being vigilant on making sure the government doesn’t overregulate, in this case, again, I respectfully have to oppose his amendment and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
make sure everybody understands that user error and train track applications are the ones that have actually caused these problems. 
to a factbased application, we ought to be spending more time on engineering errors and track conditions than we are over something that is misguided, like these tank car metals. 
I urge all of my colleagues to vote in 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, insert the following: 
reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
of a number of Western Representatives, I am proud to offer this bipartisan amendment, along with Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
mentioned here on the floor, transportation is the lifeblood of this country. It moves people, goods, ideas, and information. Denver, Boulder, Fort Collins, and Broomfield, in my district, are some of the fastest growing cities in the country. 
million in 2014—make their way through the Denver Metro area; but the very things that make our State a popular home as well as a popular tourist destination—including hiking, biking, hunting, fishing, skiing—challenge growth and infrastructure as well. 
growing at significant rates and tourism is heavily congesting space, many of the major thoroughfares intersecting the region have not been expanded in decades. 
artery to our worldclass ski resorts, stretches from the Denver Metro area out to our 14,000foot peaks. I–25 North takes our visitors north of Denver and 
through Longmont, Loveland, Fort Collins, all the way to Wyoming. 
the only major arteries traveling north and west of Denver and the only option for residents and visitors to my district to even get out of Vail, Breckenridge, or Fort Collins; and in some places, these highways narrow to as little as two lanes, meaning hardworking constituents who commute every day across my district might wait for hours every day just to go back and forth. 
waiting to get out of their destination towns or to their our attractions. 
a clear solution. You cannot simply expand a road that winds up some of the steepest peaks in the United States, and it is very costly to expand a tunnel under a large mountain. 
have for quick, reliable, and affordable mass public transportation is bus rapid transit systems. On Highway 36, our main artery from Boulder to Denver, we recently began operating a BRT system with huge success. 
highoccupancy vehicles that allows for expedited and assured arrive times. It is used by hundreds of people every day for their commutes. That tool, however, was recently taken out of the toolbox for States across the West. 
surface transportation and authorization MAP–21 bill 3 years ago was the 
heavy restrictions placed on project eligibility for capital investment grants that build BRT systems nationwide. 
history, Congress required that BRT systems have access to an exclusive lane and operate as regularly during nonpeak weekday hours and weekends as they do during peak hours. That simply doesn’t match the reality on the ground in places like Colorado and Arizona. 
these grants. The ability to create and innovate in transportation should be encouraged by Congress; yet we are removing the very critical area of investment for BRTs under the current MAP– 21 rule, barring them from BRT eligibility because we don’t have the capacity to add additional lanes, nor does it make any sense to reserve a lane solely for bus traffic, nor does it make any sense in our commuter and tourism corridors to have buses every couple of minutes on, let’s say, a Tuesday at 2 p.m. or on a Sunday at 9 p.m. Ridership and data should drive these decisions, not Washington bureaucrats and not Congress. 
States and localities the flexibility we need to create the best possible surface transportation system in our area. There simply isn’t a one size fits all when it comes to growth and infrastructure. 
I encourage this body to take into account the needs of States like Colorado and Arizona. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZBALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
Mr. POLIS. Did the gentleman invoke his point of order or reserve a point of order? 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understood that the gentleman from Florida reserved a point of order. 
giving topdown directives from Washington, we should be allowing for the equity of Federal resources and take into account local needs. What works for some transportation corridors might not work for others. We simply have different needs with regard to our computing patterns and tourism patterns in other areas of the country. 
I am proud to bring up this amendment with a strong bipartisan coalition of Members, which includes Representatives COFFMAN , P ERLMUTTER , 
KIRKPATRICK , because we can’t effectively discuss funding levels like those in the underlying bill without first putting in place equitable policies that encourage innovation for their disbursement. 
me and the coalition of Members I have named to find and enact a fix as we move forward with the transportation reauthorization later this summer. 
(Mr. DIAZBALART ) to see if he will be 
willing to work with us with regard to finding a fix on this policy issue. 
I know the gentleman is very committed and has worked awfully hard. I look forward to working with him on this. 
about this, and I look forward to working with him. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used for the Federal Transit Administration’s Rapid Growth Area Transit Program. 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer a commonsense, fiscally responsible amendment that will ensure scarce transportation dollars are going towards highways, bridges, and other critical infrastructure that are in desperate need of repair. 
request for the fiscal year 2016 included $500 million for a new discretionary grant program for bus transit. The administration made the same new request in fiscal year 2015 for this same misguided program. This request was rejected in its entirety last year, and the proposed rapid growth area transit program received no funding in the CR/ Omnibus. With significant infrastructure needs, including road and bridge maintenance, now is not the time to spend $500 million on a new discretionary bus transit program. 
actually proposed two new programs this year that sought funding from the highway trust fund, both of which asked for $500 million for each. The committee made clear in the committee report that they chose to fund the new $500 million Fixing and Accelerating Surface Transportation, or FAST, program in this bill. If I had to fund only one of these two new programs, that is exactly the one I would 
member, and committee for the choice they made, and also for apparently choosing not to fund the proposed rapid growth area transit program once again in this legislation. 
Having said that, there are no detailed summaries of the particular program accounts because authorizing language has not yet been passed. In addition, nothing is said about the proposed $500 million new discretionary bus transit program in the bill or the committee report. My amendment is also necessary to prevent funds from being transferred to this account. 
‘‘Over the past few decades lawmakers have diverted more trust fund resources . . . thus starving general purpose roads of funds,’’ and, ‘‘Transit—including light rail, trolleys, and buses— marks the largest diversion. In 2010 alone, it received 17 percent, or $6 billion, of Federal highway user fees, even though it accounted for only 1 percent of the Nation’s surface travel. Despite receiving a portion of Federal user fees for decades, transit has failed to reduce traffic congestion or even maintain its share of urban travel. For example, between 1983 and 2010, traffic volumes in the Nation’s 51 major metropolitan areas increased by 87 percent, peak travel times in those areas increased by 125 percent, and transit’s share of passenger miles fell by onefourth.’’ 
again repeat what I said a little while ago. I want to thank the gentleman for his hard work. It is evident that he spends the time and he does his homework. I am greatly appreciative of that. I have no objection to the gentleman’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the reading to be dispensed with. 
to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
as it relates to this amendment and helping us try to end these outdated and failed policies toward Cuba. I rise in support of our amendment, and I am very proud to cosponsor this simple, bipartisan amendment. This amendment would strike two provisions included in this bill that would further limit travel to and from Cuba via flights and ferries. Not only are these provisions inappropriate policy riders, they would deny Americans the right to travel to Cuba. 
including our subcommittee chair, have a personal interest in Cuba, yet personal interest should not stall progress nor interfere with what is good for the American people. I am joined by many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and a diverse coalition of organizations and businesses in strong opposition to this and other attempts to undermine efforts to normalize relations with Cuba. 
in this bill wrong for diplomacy, they are patently antibusiness. That is why this amendment is supported by the United States Chamber of Commerce, Orbitz, the American Society of Travel Agents, and the broadbased coalition Engage Cuba. 
in the bill set us back 50 years. They would eliminate flights that airlines have already invested in and would kill a new market for maritime carriers. Simply put, these provisions are an affront to Americans’ basic freedom. Cuba is the only country in the world, including North Korea, Iran, China, and Vietnam, where Americans cannot freely travel. The President’s announcement to expand travel was a step in the right direction. 
and bicameral Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act, H.R. 664, which I am proud to cosponsor with my colleague Mr. SANFORD , rather than moving backwards 
are quick to claim that renewed engagement somehow rewards the Cuban Government. That couldn’t be more wrong. In order to engage on issues like human rights and democracy, Americans should be able to do just that. This amendment allows that. 
our relations forward to the betterment of both Americans and Cubans know that increased exchange and formalized relations are the path we need to be on. A majority of Americans and Cubans agree: we need a 21st century approach to our relations with this nation 90 miles away from our shores. 
The rest of the world is doing business with Cuba, allows its citizens to travel to Cuba, and also has normal diplomatic relations with Cuba. The United States is isolated. This amendment begins to thaw that freeze and to keep our country moving forward in this next decade and, further, to become part of the world family who understands that Americans should, like other citizens in other countries, have a right to travel wherever they so desire. 
Chairman, I intend to strike the last word so as to give the speakers more time. 
Mr. SANFORD. I appreciate the gentlewoman yielding me this time. 
brief. It is quite simple. The concept is this: if I travel on Delta Airlines to Moscow, it does not mean that I support Putin; if I travel on Royal Caribbean to Shanghai, it does not mean I 
This bill is fundamentally, as my colleague from California has pointed out, about Americans’ right to travel. It is, secondarily, about something we talk about as Republicans, which is balance of power. If we don’t want the President overstepping his bounds, we shouldn’t overstep our bounds as Members of Congress. That is precisely what this bill does in trying to proscribe the President, though he has full authority within the licensing, within the Department of Commerce, to do as he has done. 
opportunity. Why should we have Canadian or Mexican jets traveling to a country that we are allowed to travel to rather than American jets? 
just a couple things from the debate that we have heard. The sponsor of the amendment talked about that this may be a personal issue for some. Mr. Chairman, let me be very frank and very clear: this is not a personal issue. 
Let me also talk about what the language in the bill does that this amendment is trying to take out. It doesn’t deal with the overriding issue of policy versus whether we like the President’s policy or not. It deals with one specific issue and one specific issue only, Mr. Chairman: whether we should condone, whether we should approve, whether we should permit the trafficking of confiscated—in other words, stolen—property. When the gentleman from my side of 
the aisle said that, you know, this is an issue about traveling to other countries, when we travel to Russia, we 
should be able to do that, that is fine. But is he also saying, which is what this amendment says, that we should condone the use of stolen, confiscated property, property that was stolen and confiscated illegally from Americans? So if you support this amendment, Mr. Chairman, what you are saying is it is okay to do business on property that was stolen from Americans. 
Now, I can understand having differences of opinion on overall policy, but the language in the mark deals specifically with confiscated—in other words, stolen—properties from Americans. For the life of me, I would never understand how anybody can justify doing business on confiscated, stolen property and then try to obfuscate the issue talking about policy, which is not what is in the mark. 
to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ), a distinguished gentlewoman from the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. 
really want to trample on the property rights of innocent Americans whose properties were illegally stolen by the Cuban regime? 
is correct, the concept is simple, but the concept he doesn’t seem to understand is this: it is not about travel to Cuba. This is about protecting American properties that were illegally seized by the Castro government. We are selling out these legitimate property claims to thousands of American citizens. Respect for private property rights, Mr. Chairman, has been a consistent American policy since the founding of our Republic. 
The Cuban regime illegally confiscated property from American citizens. Our citizens have not been compensated, and we know there is no respect for the rule of law in Cuba. If an American’s property has been seized, what does that American do? Well, there is no fair court for recess. Let me tell you what the InterAmerican Law Review has noted about the Cuban regime’s confiscation of U.S. assets. It says it is the ‘‘largest uncompensated taking of American property by a foreign government in history.’’ 
about. If this amendment to strike the use of confiscated property were to pass, we would be, in essence, allowing and condoning the trafficking of stolen goods. Currently, there are over 8,800 claims certified by the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, which is under the U.S. Department of Justice. American citizens whose properties were seized illegally—almost 9,000 have filed claims—the Castro regime doesn’t care. These certified claims, are they just small? No. They are worth approximately $8 billion. This body must protect the interests 
of those citizens, of all of our citizens, so I implore our colleagues to not support these misguided attempts to normalize relations with the Cuban regime on the backs of American citizens. We are better than that. We must not allow this amendment to pass. We are about protecting American private property rights. This language in the bill protects American citizens, constituents that we represent in our congressional districts. 
with a Communist tyrant in Cuba over American citizens? The Cuban regime should not be allowed to use American properties stolen from our citizens for its commercial benefit. If the U.S. endorses such a practice, what message will we be sending to other rogue regimes who would love to be confiscating American properties? 
So, if we want to help the Cuban people, and I am sure that all of us do, let’s not give their oppressors more resources to violate their rights. We are here to protect private property rights of American citizens. We must reject this amendment, and rather than striking the provisions directly, which my colleagues could have done, they are offering limitation amendments that would prohibit funds to enforce those same provisions. Let’s not do this. 
amendment. Let’s not trample on the rights of American citizens. 
balance of my time to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). 
you follow this logic, then no American plane should fly into Saigon, no American plane should fly into China, no American plane should fly into Russia, because indeed property was confiscated at the time of the Russian revolution, the Chinese taking, or, for that matter, what happened in Vietnam. There are American properties there. 
rights. This is about legalistically trying to undo that which has been changed. 
legalism. What the bill actually says is if a boat docks in the previous 180 days within 7 miles of a port or property where there may be land somewhere connected. 
word in order to express my strong support for this amendment and my appreciation to our colleague from California for offering it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR). 
the language that we are trying to strike out reads: ‘‘None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to facilitate new scheduled air transportation originating from the United States if such flights would land on, or pass through, property confiscated by the Cuban Government, including property in which a minority interest was confiscated, as the terms confiscated, the Cuban Government, and property are defined in’’ the paragraphs below. 
This is just a job killer for Americans. We have a hundred thousand Americans who are visiting Cuba illegally. You know how they get there? They go to Mexico. Who gets the business? Mexican airlines. They go to Canada. Who gets the business? Canadian airlines. Or, any other country in the world that has normal travel relationships with Cuba. 
for American enterprise to get access to Cuba, where everybody wants to go, because there are family feuds going on here, because it is including property which has a minority interest. 
people going to decide what property has been confiscated, who is the ownership title? Those are big legalistic problems in the United States when we confiscate property to build freeways or railways. 
ability for America to be involved in a business that Americans want to do. They want to travel. Censorship of American travel—this is just ridiculous in these days. 
we prohibit our citizens from going to countries that are communist countries? You can go to Vietnam, China, and Russia, but you can’t go to Cuba because there is a lot of feuding going on in Florida. 
from this because where are the airports that these scheduled airlines are going to leave from? They are Tampa, they are Miami, the businesses in your State. 
to Americans, and you want commerce to occur, and you don’t want to continue this censorship of Cuba, then vote for this amendment. 
yearsplus ago should be part of negotiations in terms of bilateral discussions as it relates to normalizing relations with Cuba. What is in this bill right now is what we have indicated, 
traveling to Cuba. It eliminates jobs in America, and it eliminates economic growth through our maritime industry and our airline industry. 
Once again, all of the issues that occurred 50 years ago are subject to discussion based on any bilateral negotiations taking place. 
to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). 
As was correctly pointed out by my colleague from California, indeed this is about American jobs. It indeed is about, again, this larger notion of private property rights. 
rights record up to anybody. I believe strongly in private property rights and legal code, which is why Ms. LEEis correct: should there be bilateral relations between Cuba and the United States, this would be part of that discussion. 
But the idea of creating a legal hurdle for an airline not to be able to fly from Miami or Tampa to Havana—and instead, those jobs go to other places around the globe—makes no sense to me. 
have tried 50 years of one policy, and it hasn’t worked. It was Ronald Reagan who encouraged travel to the Eastern Bloc countries. I think it would make sense in this instance. 
we have heard a lot of things that, by the way, you will notice, at very few times actually deal with language in the mark, the language in the bill. By the way, for example, that this is going to hurt American jobs. 
To argue, Mr. Chairman, that American companies will benefit from trafficking in stolen property that was stolen from American companies I think is probably the definition of an oxymoron, number one. 
Number two, there is a lot of obfuscation. The language in the bill doesn’t say that Americans can’t travel. The language says that they cannot use trafficking in, make a profit from, property that was stolen from Americans. Stolen from Americans. 
says that his property rights record is as good as any, but, Mr. Chairman, the language in the bill deals with a specific issue, and one specific issue alone: Should we condone, should we allow, 
should we permit, should we encourage the trafficking, the profiting from stolen property—property that was confiscated from Americans, whether there are certified claims or not. 
Chairman, you are saying it is okay for folks to traffic in property that was stolen from Americans, illegally stolen from Americans. I think, frankly, that is a sad day. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ). 
come here to the floor and listen to colleagues who struggle to support free trade agreements with our allies come to the floor and advocate for expanded trade with one of our enemies, taking advantage of properties stolen from American citizens. 
I heard that we have a personal interest in this matter—and I do. I am an American citizen. I was born here. And I want to do justice by American property owners. 
claims before proceeding? Shouldn’t we do justice by these families, these businesses whose property was stolen with no due process, with no hearing by the Castro government? 
That is the question here. As Americans, do we want to be on the side of those who were aggrieved by a tyrannical regime—American citizens—or do we want to reward that regime by allowing others now to profit over those stolen properties? That is the question that we need to ask ourselves today. 
here advocating for restricting travel to Cuba. Many people travel to Cuba today legally, and that would not change. But I cannot stand for violating the property rights of my fellow American citizens. 
again, before I yield back, as Mr. CURBELO just mentioned, this is not an 
issue of travel. This is not an issue of the overriding policy. This is not an issue of even arguing whether President Obama has been a good negotiator or a horrible negotiator on anything. This is about whether we want to condone, permit, accept, in violation of everything that the United States stands for, the trafficking of stolen property, property illegally confiscated from American citizens. 
Chairman, you are supporting, you are condoning, you are assisting, you are helping trafficking and the profiting on property that was stolen from Americans. 
stand. I would respectfully ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation to take any actions with respect to the financing of a new passenger rail project that runs from Orlando to Miami through Indian River County, Florida. 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Aboard Florida was presented as a private passenger rail project that would run from Miami to Orlando, and vice versa, along Florida’s east coast. 
public as the first privately funded and operated passenger train. However, that story soon changed, as All Aboard Florida decided to pursue a $1.6 billion loan from the Department of Transportation. Apparently, because the loan requires a strict Environmental Impact 
Statement to be completed, All Aboard Florida decided to also apply for $1.75 billion in taxexempt private activity bonds from the Department of Transportation. 
The U.S. Department of Transportation has moved to green light this financing option, even though they have absolutely no statutory authority to do that, and the environmental impact study has yet to be completed. We don’t even know if the project is safe or feasible yet. 
through our small beach towns at speeds of up to 110 miles per hour, with virtually no—none, nada—buffer separating it from our communities. 
trains running per day, on top of 20 freight trains. That is a lot of traffic. Given how close this track is to our adjacent roads and surrounding neighborhoods, obviously, there are serious safety concerns. Why should you ask taxpayers to be on the hook for this train? 
supporting my amendment to stop the Department of Transportation from funding this train. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
Chairman, I yield to my colleague from Florida (Ms. BROWN ). 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chairman, here we go again, trying to destroy passenger rail in this country. I don’t understand why Republicans refuse to support transportation infrastructure. 
Let me tell the gentleman from Florida that our competition is not Georgia, and it is certainly not Alabama. It is Europe. It is Japan. It is China. The people in Florida support All Aboard Florida. This is a system that will go from Orlando to Miami. The studies indicate it is an economic boom to our State. 
I just for the life of me don’t understand why, without vision, the people perish? Why is it that you can go to Europe and you can get on a train to go from London to Paris—2 hours, 1 hour and 15 minutes—and we don’t want that same system here? 
8 percent—8 percent—of their economics for passenger rail, and we fight about 1 percent; yet we can spend close to $300 billion for tax breaks; yet we don’t even want to encourage public private partnerships. 
need to be able to move around our State, and this is not just a Florida issue; it is a national issue. Here we are, $2 billion that could fix Amtrak; yet we can do a tax break for close to $300 billion and don’t pay for it. I don’t understand. 
House? Why is it that we don’t support transportation infrastructure? This is not just a Florida issue. When we had 9/ 11, Amtrak was the only entity that was moving people. When we had Katrina, we had over 3,000 people die because they couldn’t move around the area. 
We need a train that leaves New Orleans to go to Orlando and on down to Miami. That is the future. 
Shame on you. The Acting CHAIR. Members are advised to address their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members in the second person. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
me for asking the Department of Transportation to follow the law, respect the Constitution of the United States, and make economically sound decisions. 
This is not a partisan issue, in response to that allegation. In September, I wrote the GAO, along with my colleague from Florida, Representative PATRICK MURPHY , asking them to 
study the project to ensure taxpayer funds were not at risk. 
A recent independent economic analysis conducted by Dr. John Friedman concludes that, even under all optimistic assumptions, AAF will generate 
losses of more than $100 million and will be unable to service its debt burden. Dr. Friedman has a Ph.D in economics, is a distinguished Brown University professor and former Economic Council special assistant in the current Obama administration. 
has been unable to explain where they get their authority to authorize bonds for this project. That is because they don’t have any authority. They say title 23 funding has been given to the project in the past, which could trigger the bond authority, but have been unable to state where title 23 funds were ever spent, on what projects, and when. 
might not make some congressional sense to some people, but this is common sense and a simple ask that the Department of Transportation follow the law and not violate the law to help a special interest and put the taxpayers on the hook for $1.75 billion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
to offer an amendment that would prevent the FAA from moving forward with plans to redesign the Phoenix metroplex airspace. Let me explain why it is important to my city. 
Imagine living in a quiet neighborhood, then waking up one morning to discover dozen of planes suddenly have been roaring over your head. Next, imagine the frustration of running a business, raising a family, or even trying to get a good night’s sleep when your windows are constantly rattling because of the noise of passing aircraft. 
Finally, imagine that all of this discomfort was both needless and avoidable, that it was caused by outof 
flight paths over your community without bothering to consult the people that live there. 
Phoenix residents, this is not a hypothetical situation. In September of last year, the FAA instituted new flight paths for the aircraft departing from Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport, without any notice for anybody, without any notice to our neighbors. For too many members of my community, these changes have meant more noise and a lower quality of life. 
flight paths without seeking local input, failing to consult with the community members or civic leaders in the Phoenix area. Not only that, but the FAA also failed to provide a report that was mandated by the previous Congress on Sky Harbor on last year’s FAA bill about how it planned to do and change with the patterns. It is now more than 2 months overdue, with no response yet from the FAA. 
Mr. Chairman, this isn’t how our government is supposed to run, and this is not how the FAA is supposed to operate. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport is the tenth busiest airport in the United States, but we have something that is a little unique—and think about this because this is coming to your neighborhood, too. 
We actually have a downtown airport. Our city grew up around an airport, so it makes traffic patterns and the mechanics dealing with it quite unique. Also, our big county has about 4.2 million people in it. It is either the third or fourth most populous county in the United States—so a huge population. Remember, Arizona has been attributed as the most urbanized State in the country. 
the FAA goes and starts to change the flight patterns. When it becomes one of the biggest issues at all of our congressional offices, they are arrogant; they don’t return calls. We point out the fact that they are violating last year’s law, and they just grin at you and then walk out of the meetings with this sort of arrogant vanity. 
and remember, there are seven congressional districts that touch this Phoenix metroplex area that all care about this. This is our opportunity to at least get our voices heard. 
please consider what is happening to 4.2 million people in the Phoenix area. The fact of the matter is there is well established corridors where you don’t have to have the effects on the neighborhoods, and we can still be moving to the NextGen if I could find someone at the FAA who would actually listen to 
very straightforward. It would just simply ensure the FAA does not proceed with the redesign of the regional airspace around Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport until these issues are resolved in the local neighborhoods. 
paths in Phoenix are eventually altered, then the entire metroplex airspace will also need to be revisited. By asking them to slow down, consider the overall effect of what is happening now, we are actually going to do them a favor by not having them to revisit it later on. 
should do the prudent thing and wait until our communities’ concerns have been fully addressed. 
In closing, let me just offer a word of 
warning. For those of you who think this is exclusively a Phoenix problem, just wait because your city could be next, and then you will be dealing exactly with the same FAA relationship that we are dealing with right now, someone who is not responsive to the concerns of both the local politicians, the Members of Congress, and the citizens. 
Mr. GALLEGO. I yield back the balance of my time. 
be concerned about the unintended consequences of the amendment. We don’t know all the potential impacts of this amendment, from safety to capacity to local economics. 
gentlemen and I pledged to work with the gentleman and his community and the FAA to find a resolution, we have made an effort in this bill not to legislatively direct specific flight restrictions on flight paths. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Will 
thank the gentleman for yielding. I simply want to add—or to reiterate, I might say—that our subcommittee’s fiscal year ’15 report required the FAA to work with the Phoenix community on this issue and to report back to the committee on these efforts. We are still waiting for that report. 
earlier. The FAA must be more proactive in responding to concerns that are raised by communities. These are legitimate concerns, and the FAA needs to be accountable. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act shall be used to support Amtrak’s route with the highest loss, measured by contributions/(Loss) per Rider, as based on the National Railroad Passenger Corporation Fiscal Years 20142018 Five Year Plan from April 2014. 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment is very straightforward. It would eliminate funding for the absolute worst performing line at Amtrak, the Sunset Limited, which runs from New Orleans to Los Angeles. 
The Amtrak Reform and Accountability Act of 1997 required that Amtrak operate without any Federal operating assistance after 2002. I have since then offered this amendment each year. 
Federal operating subsidy; yet despite this commonsense requirement that Amtrak cease their fiscal irresponsibility and mismanagement, instead, they turned to continuing this line that costs the taxpayers $405.67 for every single ticket that is bought, for every single trip. That is $405.67 to subsidize the travels of passengers from New Orleans to Los Angeles, a trip that takes nearly 48 hours, assuming the train is on time. 
also because it has a terrible record of being on time. According to Amtrak’s most recent monthly performance report, the Sunset Limited was only on time 42 percent of the time; yet 100 percent of the $405 was paid for the ticket. 
one of the top 10 worst ontime routes for any of Amtrak’s routes in its latest performance report. 
should be happy when the train is not running, but not running on time, and the cost to the taxpayer is prohibitive. Why does it run this route when Amtrak loses an average of $41 million a year? 
simply to help Amtrak make the tough decisions that they appear to be incapable of doing themselves. I think it is the first step to instilling a small measure of fiscal discipline in Amtrak. Failure to do so will only continue Amtrak along this process rather them being a northsouth provider on both coasts. 
all my colleagues to support this amendment and the underlying legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. Our colleague from Texas has offered amendments like this in the past, an attempt to micromanage Amtrak from the floor of the House. I don’t think it is a good idea. 
on the importance of investing in inner city passenger rail. Of course, he will get no quarrel from me or other colleagues, I suspect, in arguing for improved service and arguing for making the service more attractive. 
have been through this whole debate— is a number of colleagues who simply want to defund passenger rail in this country, overlooking the fact that every mode of transportation is subsidized to some degree and that the national interest requires diverse modes of transportation. 
out passenger rail for elimination, and we have had amendments offered to this bill that would do just that. 
This one is more about micromanagement. It is more about a specific route, the Sunset Limited. This would eliminate the Sunset Limited’s longdistance route. It serves communities along the southern tier of the United States. Actually, it serves more than 300,000 passengers annually in five States: Louisiana, Arizona, Texas, New Mexico, and California. 
It is no way to run a railroad, if I 
might say so, and I urge rejection of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chairman, that 
am I trying to kill Amtrak. I vote for Amtrak; I am for Amtrak, but they also want more and more and need more and more resources to help in their northsouth line in the East Coast and the West Coast. 
their hardearned money, using the subsidy rather than doing what their original mission should be. 
Amtrak, and I am for it. This is not micromanaging. It is showing them the obvious things which they need to accomplish. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to carry out section 210 of this Act with respect to the Housing Authority of the county of Los Angeles, California. 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that removes the exemption that the Housing Authority of the County of Los Angeles currently has from the requirement to have a resident of public housing or Section 8 on its governing board. 
I am offering this amendment because I have learned that HACoLA is not in compliance with requirements outlined in this exemption, which has directly resulted in a lack of meaningful engagement by residents of the housing authority on important policy issues affecting the effectiveness of the programs that it administers. 
In 1998, Congress passed a law requiring that the governing body of a public housing authority must include at least one member who is directly assisted by the housing authority. This provision was an important recognition of the need for the perspective and participation of tenants in the governance of public housing authorities. It is as simple as that. 
vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act shall be used to support any Amtrak route whose costs exceed 2 times its revenues, as based on the National Railroad Passenger Corporation Fiscal Years 2014–2018 Five Year Plan from April 2014. 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
again, I stand in trying to help Amtrak to effectively manage its system by taking away those routes that are cost prohibitive. 
eliminate funding for Amtrak’s long distance routes, which have total direct costs that are more than twice the revenue that they generate. Every single longdistance route that Amtrak provides—those of over 400 miles in length—operates at a loss every month. Eleven routes cost double the amount of revenue they create. 
is true since 1997 when I came to Congress—these routes are ineffective and waste valuable taxpayer money, as well as money that could be used in the system for highly used routes for the safety and security of their passengers on northsouth routes. 
Some argue that many travelers cannot afford to fly and they need a less expensive travel alternative. However, for most of these routes, bus tickets and plane tickets are less expensive, more efficient, and more frequently on time. 
American taxpayer about $500 million in fiscal year 2014 alone. Four lines cost over $50 million each. I think it is clear that governmentsubsidized rail service on Amtrak does not make economic sense if they have enough money to bleed off $500 million with routes that cost twice in expense what they generate in revenue, so I am offering this amendment again. 
this amendment and the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment offered by our friend from Texas. This amendment outdoes his last one. 
We are now talking about eliminating nine routes, with a total ridership of over 2 million people: the Cardinal and Capitol Limited routes from D.C. to Chicago, through West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana; the Southern Crescent, New York City to New Orleans; the Coast Starlight, along the coast of California, Oregon, and Washington. 
To elaborate further on our opposition, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
gentleman’s courtesy. I appreciate him referencing the Coast Starlight. 
Congress has created a difficult situation for Amtrak, consistently shortchanging maintenance and capital. 
As my good friend from North Carolina points out, all modes of transportation in this country are subsidized by the public. Amtrak is no exception. It provides a variety of services for people. 
ridership increase. It provides an important opportunity for businesspeople. If you talk to businesspeople in Seattle, in Portland, they would say they would like the Federal Government to invest more. It has made a big difference for how they conduct business. 
Part of the strength is having a network. Make no mistake, we are, in fact, going to have a passenger rail network in the United States, despite consistent efforts to chop away and minimize it. 
rail. Today, they are moving more passengers than the entire air fleet in the United States. We will have higher speed rail, but the question is whether we are going to build on what we have got—American built, American managed—or we will wait until it deteriorates, gets so bad that we end up with a designbuild to China, paying more, shipping the profits and the work overseas. 
I would suggest it is far better to protect what we have now, build on the progress, not undo the network, and most certainly reject this amendment. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
amendment. This amendment has far reaching implications, and it would shut down 9 of 15 longdistance routes. 
I do not believe that an appropriations bill is the place to do this. This would need to be carefully debated and discussed by the committee of jurisdiction. 
I made a mistake. I came here from business. I came here as somebody that had to operate within the bounds of common sense and doing things that made sense with money and opportunities. 
I am going to stay after this issue. I am all for Amtrak, but not when they continue to have routes that cost twice what the revenue is. 
long time. They provided service, and they went broke, and then we want to turn around and say we are going to subsidize the airlines. Marketplace ideas work, and that is why we are a capitalist country. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, (before the short 
by this Act shall be used to enforce section 47524 of title 49, United States Code, or part 161 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, with regard to noise or access restrictions or to enforce section 47107 of title 49, United States Code, with regard to access restriction on the operation of aircraft by the operate of Bob Hope Airport in Burbank, California. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to urge my colleagues to support the amendment that I am offering along with my southern California colleague, Mr. SHERMAN . 
The amendment would allow the Burbank Bob Hope Airport to implement a nighttime curfew between 10 p.m. and 7 a.m. and restore local control to the community that has been denied to them for decades. 
California’s San Fernando Valley who live under the flight paths or near the terminals at the Bob Hope Airport endure the houseshaking noise of air traffic during the day and suffer the jarring interruption of their sleep that is caused by a roaring jet taking off or landing. 
I want to also distinguish this measure. I know my colleagues have heard some other curfew measures today, and without detracting from them, I want to point out that the facts of this one are quite different. This is, I think, a unique case in the case of Burbank airport. 
When Congress passed the 1990 Airport Noise and Control Act, ANCA, it intended to permit airports to implement noise restrictions if they met certain requirements. At that time, Congress exempted several airports from the law’s requirements for FAA approval of new noise rules if they had preexisting noise rules in effect to address local concerns. So airports were grandfathered in when ANCA was 
passed; but because of a mistake, Bob Hope Airport, which had a curfew in place, did not get grandfathered in. 
was one of the first airports in the country, in fact, to impose a curfew and has a long history of curfews but, unfortunately, was not given the protection of the grandfather provision of ANCA that several other similar airports received. This amendment would correct this inequity and put Bob Hope on the same footing as several other airports across the country that had curfews before ANCA’s passage. 
other airports, and this would be uniquely confined to the situation involving Bob Hope. By correcting the omission of not allowing Bob Hope Airport to implement on a permanent and mandatory basis curfew which it had, in effect, informally in the 1980s, we would return local control to the community that has sought it for years. 
It is also important for my colleagues to understand the impact this will have on aviation in southern California. There will be no impact on commercial flights—zero. Almost all commercial airlines already voluntarily abide by the voluntary curfew at Bob Hope, and the impact on general aviation will be limited to two nighttime landings. The impact, however, will be significant for people trying to get sleep that are disrupted by those small number of flights. 
gentleman from southern California (Mr. SHERMAN ), my colleague. 
Bob Hope is a local neighborhood airport. Only through a technicality was it denied a curfew. All the commercial carriers already adhere to that curfew. We have a handful of nighttime flights that could easily go through one of the larger airports in the Los Angeles area. 
good balance between the needs for commercial aviation on the one hand and the need to sleep on the other. 
want to make one final point. This amendment had bipartisan support last year. It came within just three or four votes of passage. Because of the unique situation facing the Burbank Airport, I would urge unique consideration of correcting the injustice when Bob Hope was not grandfathered as it should have been. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation to authorize exempt facility bonds to finance passenger rail projects which do not use vehicles that are reasonably expected to be capable of attaining a maximum speed in excess of 150 miles per hour between scheduled stops as defined in section 142 of title 26, United States Code. 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
facility bonds are special taxexempt financing instruments designed to help raise funds for important infrastructure projects like airports, waste management facilities, highways, and other transportation needs. 
In fact our current law, 26 U.S.C. Section 142, clearly lists 15 specific categories of projects that can receive financing through the use of exempt facility bonds. 
ability of the Department of Transportation to authorize exempt facility bonds is to finance passenger rail, which it limits to highspeed rail that can reasonably attain the speed of 150 miles per hour between stops. Yet the Department of Transportation has decided to ignore the law and authorize bonds for projects that clearly do not qualify. 
passenger rail, my amendment would simply ensure that the Department of Transportation follows the law in authorizing the use of taxexempt bonds, and I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. 
Mr. DIAZBALART. All in Florida received a private activity bond allocation to issue these bonds. There is no provision in this particular section of U.S. Code that requires a passenger rail project to achieve 150 miles per hour. This amendment would prevent DOT from taking any potential further steps on this very, very important project. If for some reason, let’s say the project needed a small extension, DOT could not process it. 
would link Miami to Orlando, frankly, is an important project to the State of 
Florida and one that I fully support, Mr. Chairman. We have to remember it is being done by the private sector. So I don’t think that we should be looking at creating any unnecessary restrictions, any barriers or uncertainty for this project as it moves forward. It is a project—potentially, I think, the first of its kind in the country—where you have the private sector assuming most, if not almost all, of the risk. You have the private sector who is going to be involved in it. The numbers can’t be made up, cooked or anything, because it is the private sector who is doing this and who will ultimately be held accountable by their shareholders. 
a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
due respect, there is nothing in this amendment that adds any restrictive impediments whatsoever. It only requires that the Department of Transportation follow the law when they allocate these funds. 
Although this is being called a private project, the taxpayers will be on the hook for over $1.7 billion—that is $1.7 billion. So I think it is important in the interests of protecting our taxpayers, certainly, that we make sure the Department of Transportation follows the law. 
demonstrated not to follow the law, then I would not have to bother with this amendment. But it is clear there are some intentions to violate the provisions of the law and do things that they are not authorized to do. That is why I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment to bring accountability and protect taxpayers for $1.7 billion. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act for necessary expenses for the ‘‘Department of Transportation, Office of the Secretary, Salaries and Expenses’’ is hereby reduced by $1. 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
my heart goes out to the chairman and ranking member for the task that they have been given. People have appropriately condemned and opposed many of the provisions. As people dig into the bill, the more they see, the worse it looks: slashing TIGER grant funding, no funding for highspeed rail, cutting Amtrak, and overall reductions. No wonder it has drawn a veto threat. But it is definitely not the fault of the committee. They have been given an impossible task. They have been requested to finance the Federal Government’s transportation responsibilities in 2015 with 1993 dollars. 
are falling behind the rest of the world. We are of a generation when some of us can remember the United States having the finest infrastructure in the world. We had rail passenger service, airlines, superb highways and transit. Those days have long since passed. We are watching the deterioration of transit. The squabbling here over Amtrak is really dealing with a failing system because it is a symptom of our inability to invest in the future—just one, but a very glaring symbol. 
months that my Republican friends have taken over Congress, we have not had a single hearing in the Ways and Means Committee, on which I serve, for our responsibility for funding transportation. We have not increased the gas tax in 22 years. 
six Republican States have raised the gas tax, and we can’t even have a hearing on a proposal that is supported by the U.S. Chamber, by the AFL–CIO, by the AAA, the truckers, contractors, transit, bicyclists, and everybody in between. As a result, we continue to limp along. 
extended the transportation funding for the 33rd time on a shortterm basis. What country ever became great building its infrastructure 6 months at a time? We will be dealing with this in another 2 months. 
we deal with this bill as best we do, because it is not adequate. I am going to oppose it. But the bill is a symptom of the failure of my Republican colleagues to face what other entities have done, including red Republican States. 
and put the Ways and Means Committee to work for a week, inviting in the people who build, maintain, and use our infrastructure, listen to them, let the committee do its work, and come up with a proposal that will adequately fund our infrastructure? 
committee not mess around with a couple of months’ extension but get down 
to work to fashion a 6year, comprehensive transportation bill that will put hundreds of thousands of people to work in communities all across the country, making them more livable, making our families safer, healthier, and more economically secure. 
of our own making. Let’s step up, invest in the future, and do our job. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation to make a loan in an amount that exceeds $600,000,000 under title V of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 821 et seq.). 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, the Railroad Rehabilitation & Improvement Financing program, or RRIF program, provides direct loans and loan guarantees to finance the development of railroad infrastructure. Under the program, the Federal Railroad Administration is authorized to provide direct loans and loan guarantees of up to $35 billion to finance development of railroad infrastructure. 
Since 2002, the Federal Railroad Administration has made 35 loans which demonstrate the importance of this program to our Nation’s railroads. No doubt about that. However, only five of these loans have ever met or exceeded $100 million. Two of those were to Amtrak. In fact, prior to this year, the largest RRIF loan ever made was to Amtrak in 2011 for $562 million. 
spent responsibly on viable railroad projects and taxpayer risk is minimized by limiting loan amounts to $600 million. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZBALART. Mr. Chair, I 
this amendment prohibits the Department of Transportation from making a Railroad Rehabilitation & Improvement Financing loan that exceeds $600 million, as the chairman said. Now, I know that $600 million, frankly, is a lot of money, and it sounds like a lot of money because it is; but when we are dealing with financing of railroad projects, it is just really not. This low loan ceiling is way too restrictive, and it would eliminate valuable projects, by the way, including some safety projects from being even considered for a loan. It has really farreaching effects, and it could impact, frankly, every railroad entity in America. For example, there are railroads that are using this RRIF loan for positive train control—for positive train control. 
think it could have some farreaching, negative effects. So I would respectfully ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. I cannot support this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE). 
I simply want to underscore his opposition to this amendment. It would block Amtrak’s loan request for $2.5 billion for new Acela highspeed train sets. This loan would make it possible to upgrade Amtrak’s best and most profitable service, but one that is severely stressed. 
cars in which people died in Philadelphia were 40 years old. We desperately need the kind of investment that this loan would make possible. As the chairman has stressed, this may turn out to be the way that we can fund positive train control. It may be the only way, given other limitations in the bill, other limitations in Amtrak funding. 
$600 million for other purposes, including safety purposes. This is a very, very illadvised amendment. I urge colleagues to reject it. 
been said that this could be restrictive. Well, I just want to point out that never, ever before this year in the history of this program have they ever loaned $600 million under this program, and so I don’t think it is unduly restrictive. 
amendments, and I am staring down the barrel of taxpayers being on the hook for $1.7 billion on one program that clearly is not going to be able to repay the loan, so it is going to fall on the shoulders of the taxpayer. 
we take this measure on behalf of our honest, hardworking taxpayers at home. They work hard and play by the rules. I think we should respect that. 
There are some people that just consider the Federal Government to be a big pinata, and everybody is going to take their whack at it and get all the goodies and the candy and the money that falls out of it, but this money has 
got to be paid back some day. We are not going to do it. We are not going to be around here to do it. It is going to be paid back by our children, and I think we need to act responsibly and think about their future. 
I urge my colleagues to please support this commonsense amendment for better accountability in our government. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Ms. ROS 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate agreed to the following resolution: 
In the Senate of the United States, June 3, 
III, born in Wilmington, Delaware and a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and Syracuse University law school, served our country as an attorney in the Department of Justice for seven years, including assisting the nation of Kosovo in rebuilding their criminal justice system; 
State of Delaware for eight years as Attorney General; 
2003 at the age of 34, rose to the rank of major in the Delaware Army National Guard’s Judge Advocate General Corps, deployed to Iraq in 2008 and received the Bronze Star for his service; 
Whereas Beau Biden leaves behind a beloved wife, Hallie, and two children, Natalie and Hunter; 
the former Senator from Delaware and current Vice President of the United States and President of the United States Senate, Joseph Robinette Biden, Jr.: Now, therefore, be it 
profound sorrow and deep regret the announcement of the untimely death of Joseph Robinette Biden, III. 
communicate this resolution to the House of Representatives and transmit an enrolled copy thereof to the family of the Vice President of the United States. 
Senate has agreed to without amendment a concurrent resolution of he House of the following title: 
H. Con. Res. 48. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War. 
Texas). Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 166, noes 255, not voting 11, as follows: 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Cook 
Cooper Crawford Culberson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Hardy Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (PA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger 
Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westmoreland Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cole Comstock Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gosar Graham Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
McNerney Meng Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Whitfield Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
of Illinois, CALVERT, WEBER of Texas, Ms. SPEIER, Mr. CLEAVER, Mrs. LUMMIS, Mrs. NOEM, and Mr. STIVERS changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Texas). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 235, noes 189, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis 
DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett 
Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer 
Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McNerney Meeks Meng Mica Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
Carolina, and BOST changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 299 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. Members are reminded that the 2minute voting limit will be strictly enforced. This is a 2 minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and a result was announced. The vote was subsequently vacated by order of the Committee, and the amendment was disposed of by rollcall No. 308. 
No. 300, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 176, noes 247, not voting 9, as follows: 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick 
Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated against: Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 301, 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
4, 2015 I inadvertently voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 301. I would like to state that I intended to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 160, noes 266, not voting 6, as follows: 
Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Hanna Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kind Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Lamborn Lance Latta Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McKinley Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Ross Rothfus Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Torres Wagner Walberg 
Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (IN) Zinke 
Aguilar Amodei Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brown (FL) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar 
Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hultgren Hunter Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski 
LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rouzer 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 143, noes 283, not voting 6, as follows: 
Allen Amash Babin Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Crawford DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman Guthrie Harris Hartzler 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay 
Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards 
Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins 
Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier 
Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 139, noes 286, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Crawford DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Grothman Guthrie Harris 
Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble 
Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Woodall Yoho Young (IA) 
Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) 
Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick 
Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly 
Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) 
Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 202, noes 222, not voting 8, as follows: 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pitts Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, during 
rollcall vote No. 305 on H.R. 2577, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
ask unanimous consent that proceedings on rollcall No. 300 be vacated to the end that the Chair resume proceedings on the request for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) at the end of the current series 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, 2minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 176, noes 247, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crawford Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Fincher Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore 
Moulton Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly 
Cook Costello (PA) Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 224, noes 198, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn 
Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 184, noes 230, not voting 18, as follows: 
Ashford Bass Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gosar Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meng Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Cook Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski 
LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Torres Trott 
Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ZELDIN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
POEof Texas, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND CLASSIFIED ANNEX ACCOMPANYING INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
announce to all Members of the House that the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence has ordered the bill H.R. 2596, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, reported favorably to the House today with an amendment, and will file its report on the bill in the House early next week. The bill is currently expected to be considered in the House later in the week. 
of authorizations and the classified annexes accompanying the bill are available for review by all Members at the offices of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence in room HVC–304 of the Capitol Visitor Center. The committee office will be open during regular business hours for the convenience of any Member who wishes to review this material prior to its consideration by the House. 
to review the classified annex contact the committee’s director of security to arrange a time and date for that viewing. This will assure the availability of appropriately cleared committee staff to assist Members who desire assistance during their review of these classified materials. 
these materials in order to better understand the committee’s recommendations. The classified annexes to the committee’s report contain the committee’s recommendations on the intelligence budget for fiscal year 2016 and related classified information that cannot be disclosed publicly. 
mind the requirements of clause 13 of House rule XXIII, which only permits access to classified information by those Members of the House who have signed the oath provided for in the rules. 
In addition, the committee’s rules require that Members agree in writing to a nondisclosure agreement. The agreement indicates that the Member has been granted access to the classified annexes and that they are familiar with the rules of the House and the committee with respect to the classified nature of that information and the limitations on the disclosure of that information. 
to the desk a resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House and, further, that it be read in full. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: H. R ES. 299 
III, born in Wilmington, Delaware and a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and Syracuse University law school, served our country as an attorney in the Department of Justice for seven years, including assisting the nation of Kosovo in rebuilding their criminal justice system; 
State of Delaware for eight years as Attorney General; 
2003 at the age of 34, rose to the rank of major in the Delaware Army National Guard’s Judge Advocate General Corps, deployed to Iraq in 2008 and received the Bronze Star for his service; 
Whereas Beau Biden leaves behind a beloved wife, Hallie, and two children, Natalie and Hunter; and 
the former Senator from Delaware and current Vice President of the United States and President of the United States Senate, Joseph Robinette Biden, Jr.: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the House of Representatives has heard with profound sorrow and deep regret the announcement of the untimely death of Joseph Robinette Biden, III. 
Representatives communicate this resolution to the Senate and transmit a copy thereof to the family of the Vice President of the United States. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
the right to object, I rise in support of this resolution that celebrates the life of Beau Biden, the son of our Vice President, my State’s former attorney general, and my good friend. 
this world far too young, at the age of 46. My home State of Delaware and this country suffered a loss that is deeply painful and deeply personal. 
young boy, he and his brother survived a car accident that killed his baby sister and his mother. His father, JOE, 
was sworn in to the United States Senate at Beau’s hospital bedside. 
After the accident, JOEheld his children tight because he knew how fragile life was. And the rest of Delaware did the same with the entire Biden family. 
lawyer and then elected him twice to be our attorney general, where he became a champion of protecting the most vulnerable among us. We were filled with pride as we watched him join the National Guard and deploy to Iraq. 
loving husband to Hallie, a doting father to Natalie and Hunter, and, as always, a devoted son and brother. Family for Beau, like JOE, was everything. 
appreciated the good in others in a way that we all should. He leaves a legacy that calls on each of us to be more gentle in our judgments and more gracious with our thanks. Beau was one of the best of the good guys. Back in my home State of Delaware, 
people are hurting. It feels like every person you meet has been wounded by this loss, and just wishes there were something we could do to support our friends, the Bidens. 
They have shown us the courage to believe that there is something more enduring than grief. Love endures. Beau and his family, through their love for each other, have shown us that. 
So as we say goodbye to this distinguished American, this genuinely good man, we say to him: Until we meet again, Beau. May God hold you in the palm of his hand. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday next and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morninghour debate not apply on that day. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today in memory of Marine Lance Corporal Joshua Barron from Spokane Valley, Washington. 
May 18 of injuries sustained during a training exercise. He was 1 of 22 Marines aboard the Osprey that came down in Hawaii near Bellows Air Force Base. 
and graduated from University High School in 2009. Those who knew him called him a superhero, an allAmerican kid, the best our Nation has to offer. During his service, he earned the National Defense Medal, a Global War on Terrorism Medal. 
for his entire life, and it is with a heavy heart that the community that raised him and loves him now says our goodbyes. 
My prayers are with the Barron family as they lay their son to rest this Friday. 
his family a message that read, ‘‘Because you’re worth it.’’ This is a testament to the selfless spirit of this fine, young man. 
(Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Officer Gregg Benner of the Rio Rancho Police Department, who was killed in the line of duty on March 25. 
the family and loved ones of Officer Benner as they mourn the loss of a husband, a father, grandfather, and friend who was taken from them far too soon. 
protecting his community and his country. From his career in the Air Force to the Rio Rancho Police Department, Officer Benner put his health and safety on the line to make us safer, and he leaves behind a legacy of valor and service. 
painful reminder of the dangers they face. While we are shaken by Officer Benner’s loss, we can take comfort in the memories he has left behind for all those who knew him and the example that he set. 
While a tragedy such as this is unexpected and shocking, the response has brought out the best of the residents of Rio Rancho who have displayed an outpouring of support and sympathy. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Officer Benner’s family, fellow officers, and the entire Rio Rancho community. I hope they find peace in the most difficult time. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
am delighted to wish a happy and healthy 90th birthday to Dr. Juan Ortiz. 
As one of the oldest fulltime practicing M.D.’s in the U.S., Dr. Ortiz has provided exemplary care to his family, friends, and patients in our south Florida community. Dr. Ortiz has always shown impeccable leadership in both his professional and charitable endeavors, and his reputation for excellence is widely known. 
locally, you will find Dr. Ortiz volunteering his medical services during catastrophes in remote locations throughout Central America, the Caribbean, and Africa. 
Not only is Dr. Ortiz a seasoned medical professional, but he is also a poet, a writer, and an avid traveler, with destinations extending as far as Antarctica. Dr. Ortiz, once again, I would like to 
express my appreciation for your contributions and your service to south Florida. I wish you a happy and healthy 90th birthday. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in support of H.R. 2615 and H. Res. 291, both of which I introduced earlier this week. 
States purchased the Virgin Islands from Denmark for its geopolitical importance. The citizens of the Virgin Islands of the United States commemorate the events of that date, March 31, 1917, each year. 
United States Postal Service to create a commemorate stamp in honor of the centennial. 
bipartisan congressional commission to research, plan, develop, and carry out activities the commission considers appropriate to commemorate the 100th anniversary. 
awareness to the events commemorating the centennial, engage lawmakers here in Congress, as well as the administration, and a new national discussion around the relationship and place of the Virgin Islands with the United States. 
of the inclusions of the Virgin Islands in America affords us an opportunity to revisit this history and our ongoing relationship. It is also an opportunity to highlight the enormous contributions to the United States by Virgin Islanders and the richness of our Virgin Islands heritage. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
commemorate the life of Erik Hite, a Tucson police officer and former Air Force member who was killed in the line of duty 7 years ago this week, as well as the great work of his wife, Nohemy, following his tragic death. 
an exemplary cop. To honor his memory and his commitment to family, Nohemy founded the Erik Hite Foundation in 2009 to support construction of a daycare facility for the children of police officers, firefighters, military personnel, and other emergency responders. The foundation also runs enrichment and outreach programs that offer a safe and positive environment for these children. Today, the facility cares for up to 45 
children a day in a flexible setting that matches the aroundtheclock hours that men and women of law enforcement are assigned. It has become a lifeline for many families who sacrifice to protect and to serve our community, just like Erik did. 
Erik’s tragic death, Nohemy has kept his spirit and the ideals he lived for alive through her amazing efforts. She has shown tremendous courage and perseverance, and I commend this incredible woman for the difference she continues to make in southern Arizona. 
(Mr. LUCAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize a momentous event in this Nation’s history and honor the men and women who worked so diligently to make it happen. 
took place in July of 1975, was the first international human spaceflight, a joint operation between two rivaling superpowers: the United States and the Soviet Union. The ApolloSoyuz test project was so successful, many historians attribute the handshake in space between Apollo Commander Tom Stafford and Soyuz Commander Aleksey Leonov to be the beginning of the end the cold war. 
was born in Weatherford, Oklahoma, in 1930. After graduating from the Naval Academy, earning his wings from the Air Force in 1953, and graduating from the Air Force Experimental Flight Test Pilot School, Stafford went on to serve as a pilot on Gemini 6, a commander of Gemini 9, commander of Apollo 10, and, finally, commander of 
man who served this country in inspiring ways for over 60 years. I want to congratulate him on his accomplished service and his distinguished career. 
CONGRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA LADY GATORS SOFTBALL TEAM 
(Mr. YOHO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to congratulate the University of Florida, in Gainesville, Florida, the Lady Gators softball team. The Lady Gators won the Women’s College World Series in Oklahoma City last night, defeating Michigan 4–1. This is the Lady Gators’ second national championship in 2 years. It is a backtoback national championship. 
Gators’ awesome softball team and their coach, Tim Walton, for his great coaching and leadership. 
I would just like to end by saying it 
ON BEING NAMED 2015 SWISHER SWEETS/SUNBELT EXPO FLORIDA FARMER OF THE YEAR 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Vic Story, Jr., on being named the 2015 Swisher Sweets/Sunbelt Expo Florida Farmer of the Year. This is a tremendous honor and one he truly deserves. 
business, Mr. Story has demonstrated a lifelong commitment to the citrus industry. He is not only a successful grower, but he is widely regarded as a leader in Florida agriculture. 
the media, the general public, and elected officials like me about the importance of citrus to the State of Florida and this country. He has taught me a lot, and I am proud to count him both as an adviser and a friend. 
On behalf of the 17th District of Florida, Florida’s heartland, I would like to commend Mr. Story for his contributions to the industry and to his community. I wish him the best of luck as he competes with other State winners in October for the title of Southeastern Farmer of the Year. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise today in recognition of a career of service both to our country and to those preparing to defend it. 
our Nation as an officer in the United States Coast Guard. Since 2001, Captain Sulmasy has served on the faculty of the United States Coast Guard Academy as a professor of law and risen to the chairmanship of the department of humanities. 
worked tirelessly to engage and educate cadets, faculty, government officials, and the public on national security law, public policy, and international conflict. He is a recognized expert in these areas. 
been limited to the academy. He is the author of multiple books and countless publications, a noted academic on the topic of national security, and a fellow in Homeland Security and National Security Law for the Center for National Policy here in Washington, D.C. There is no doubt his knowledge has been an 
asset to our Nation as it struggles to understand the security intricacies of our current world. 
and defense of our Nation is commendable. And as he prepares to retire from the Coast Guard Academy, I join with countless other Americans in thanking him for his service and wishing him the best of luck in the future. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
congratulate Minnetonka’s Maxwell Meyer, who is a seventhgrader at Minnetonka Middle School East, for his performance at the Scripps National Spelling Bee. 
of the preliminary round last Wednesday when 234 other spellers were eliminated. Maxwell then spelled both of his words right in the nationally broadcast semifinal round on Thursday and, unfortunately, came up just short of the finals after failing to score enough points on a written vocabulary test. 
Speaker, showcases some of the brightest, most dedicated young students across the country, and Maxwell makes his community and the State of Minnesota proud. 
bee takes countless hours of hard work, learning the skills and knowledge to be an accurate speller. For some, that means even reading the dictionary. 
the State of Minnesota cheering him on, and we congratulate him on his success. 
COMMUNICATION FROM LEGISLATIVE CORRESPONDENT, THE HONORABLE BILL SHUSTER, MEMBER OF CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from Anthony DeThomas, Legislative Correspondent, the Honorable BILLSHUSTER , Member of Congress: 
formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a grand jury subpoena for testimony, issued by the United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois. 
After consultation with counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights 
TIME FOR CONGRESS TO AUTHORIZE WAR IN IRAQ AND SYRIA 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
last year, the President authorized airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria on August 7. For over 10 months, the United States has been engaged in hostilities in Iraq and Syria without debating an authorization for this war. 
months ago, the President sent to Congress the text for an Authorization for Use of Military Force, or an AUMF, on combating the Islamic State in Iraq, Syria, and elsewhere, yet Congress has failed to act on that AUMF, or bring an alternative to the House floor, even though we continue to authorize and appropriate the money required for sustained military operations in those countries. 
is unacceptable. This House appears to have no problem sending our uniformed men and women into harm’s way. It appears to have no problem spending billions of dollars for the arms, equipment, and air power to carry out these wars. But it just can’t bring itself to step up to the plate and take responsibility for these wars. 
are brave and dedicated. Congress, however, is the poster child for cowardice. The leadership of this House whines and complains from the sidelines, and all the while it shirks its constitutional duties to bring an AUMF to the floor of this House, debate it, and vote on it. 
Our resolution, which will come before this House for consideration in 15 calendar days, requires the President to withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq and Syria within 30 days or no later than the end of this year, December 31, 2015. If this House approves this resolution, Congress would still have 6 months in which to do the right thing and bring an AUMF before the House and the Senate for debate and for action. Either Congress needs to live up to its responsibilities and authorize this war, 
or by its continuing neglect and indifference, our troops should be withdrawn and come home. It is that simple. 
our policy in Iraq and Syria. I do not believe it is a clearly defined mission with a beginning, a middle, and an end, but rather just more of the same. I am not convinced that by enlarging our military footprint, that we will somehow end the violence in the region, defeat the Islamic State, or address the underlying causes of the unrest. It is a complicated situation that requires a complicated and more imaginative response. 
I am also concerned by recent statements by the administration about how long we will be engaged in Iraq, Syria, and elsewhere fighting the Islamic State. Just yesterday, on June 3, General John Allen, the U.S. envoy for the U.S.led coalition fighting ISIL, said that this fight may take ‘‘a generation or more.’’ He was speaking in Doha, Qatar, at the U.S.Islamic World Forum. 
RECORD a Times of Israel article entitled, ‘‘Islamic State Fight May Take ‘Generation or More’—US Envoy.’’ 
Gen. John Allen says failure to defeat group would ‘wreak havoc’ on humanity 
threat’’ which will take a generation or more to defeat, Washington’s envoy for the USled coalition fighting the jihadists said Wednesday. 
IS—’’ or Daesh as he called it—General John Allen conceded that the fight would continue for several years in a keynote speech to the USIslamic World Forum in Doha, Qatar. 
And he added that if IS was not defeated it 
‘‘This will be a long campaign,’’ he said. ‘‘Defeating Daesh’s ideology will likely 
take a generation or more. But we can and we must rise to this challenge. In an age when we are more interconnected that at any other time in human history, Daesh is a global threat.’’ 
IS also poses a new type of threat because of its ‘‘depravity.’’ 
decades as a United States marine, I have come closer than many to the reality of inhumanity. 
‘‘But I have never seen before the kinds of 
depravity and brutality in this region that ISIL represents and, in fact, that ISIL celebrates,’’ he added, using an alternative acronym for IS. 
talks in Paris with ministers from around 20 coalition countries. 
The meeting followed the fall of the city of 
Ramadi, the capital of Iraq’s largest province Anbar, to IS. That loss has been described as the worst defeat for the coalition since it formed nearly a year ago. 
Iraqi forces, saying there was ‘‘an issue with the will of the Iraqis to fight,’’ in comments that angered Baghdad. 
support in the fight against IS. The loss of Ramadi in Iraq plus the ancient 
city of Palmyra in Syria has led some to question the effectiveness of the USled coalition in recent weeks. 
many places in Iraq and that it has ‘‘lost over 25 percent’’ of the populated territory it once held in the country. 
claimed, was its ability to disrupt the group’s access to finance. 
assets to the global financial system. We are uncovering their points of access in the region and abroad for financial support,’’ he said. 
intelligence on the organisation’s financial enterprises, but admitted that ‘‘Daesh still maintains financial resources’’. 
These included extortion, looting, kidnapping for ransom, and human trafficking, said Allen. 
are going to invest a generation or more of our blood and our treasure in this war, then shouldn’t Congress at least debate whether or not to authorize it? 
Project, based in Northampton, Massachusetts, which is in my congressional district, every single hour the taxpayers of the United States are paying $3.42 million for military actions against the Islamic State—$3.42 million every hour, Mr. Speaker. 
This is on top of the hundreds of billions of tax dollars spent on the first war in Iraq. And nearly every single penny of this war chest was borrowed money, put on the national credit card, provided as socalled emergency funds that don’t have to be accounted for or subject to budget caps like all other funds. 
Why is it, Mr. Speaker, that we always seem to have plenty of money or the will to borrow all the money it takes to carry out wars? But somehow, we never have any money to invest in our schools, our highways and water systems, or our children, families, and communities? Every day, every single day, this Congress is forced to make tough, serious, painful decisions to deprive our domestic economy and priorities of the resources they need to succeed. But somehow, there is always money for more wars. 
spend billions on war, and if we are going to continue to tell our Armed Forces that we expect them to fight and die in these wars, then it seems to me the least we can do is stand up and vote to authorize these wars, or we should end them. We owe that to the American people. We owe that to our troops and their families. And we owe that to the oath of office that each of us took to uphold the Constitution of the United States. 
I want to be clear, Mr. Speaker: I can 
no longer criticize the President, the Pentagon, or the State Department when it comes to taking responsibility for this war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. I may not agree with the policy, but they have done their 
duty. At every step of the way, beginning on June 16, 2014, the President has informed Congress of his actions to send U.S. troops to Iraq and Syria and to carry out military operations against the Islamic State. And on February 11 of this year, he sent to Congress the draft text of an AUMF. 
the policy, the administration has done its job. It has kept the Congress informed, and as military operations continue to escalate, they sent an AUMF to the Congress for action. 
has failed and failed miserably to carry out its duties. Always complaining from the sidelines, the leadership of this House failed to act last year to authorize this war, even as it escalated and expanded nearly every month. The Speaker said it wasn’t the responsibility of the 113th Congress to act, even though the war started during its tenure. No, no. Somehow it was the responsibility of the next Congress, the 114th Congress. 
January 6, and it still hasn’t done a single, solitary thing to authorize the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. The Speaker asserted that Congress couldn’t act on the war until the President sent an AUMF to Congress. Well, Mr. Speaker, the President did just that on February 11, and still the leadership of this House has done nothing to authorize the use of military force in Iraq and Syria. And now the Speaker is saying he wants the President to send Congress another version of the AUMF because he doesn’t like the first one. Are you kidding me? 
doesn’t work that way. If the leadership of this House doesn’t like the original text of the President’s AUMF, then it is the job of Congress to draft an alternative, report that revised AUMF out of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, bring it to the floor of the House, and let the Members of this House debate and vote on it. That is how it works. 
AUMF is too weak, then you make it stronger. If you think that it is too expansive, then set limits on it. If you are opposed to these wars, then vote to bring our troops home. That is what we are here to do. That is what we are charged to do under the Constitution. And that is why Members of Congress get a paycheck from the American people every week—to make the hard decisions, not run away from them. 
Congress do its job. That is the duty of this House and of the majority in charge of this House—to simply do its job, to govern, Mr. Speaker. But instead, all we witness is dithering and twiddling and complaining and whining and blaming others, and the complete and total shirking of responsibility over and over and over and over again. Enough, enough. 
So with great reluctance and frustration, Representative J ONES and Representative L EEand I introduced House 
Concurrent Resolution 55. Because if this House doesn’t have the stomach to carry out its constitutional duty to debate and authorize this latest war, then we should bring our troops home. If the cowardly Congress can go home each night to their families and loved ones, then our brave troops should receive that same privilege. 
to say that war has become easy, too easy. But the costs in terms of blood and treasure are very, very, very high. 
this resolution and demand that the leadership of this House bring to the floor of this House an AUMF for the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria before Congress adjourns on June 26 for the Fourth of July recess. 
my colleague from North Carolina, Congressman WALTER JONES . 
always being out front on this issue, and I am delighted to join him. As he said in many of his comments, the House has a responsibility to the men and women in uniform and to the American people. 
Camp Lejeune Marine Corps Base, Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station. I have over 70,000 retired veterans in the Third District of North Carolina. They are frustrated too. They believe sincerely that we must meet our constitutional responsibility and have this debate. And as you have said, Mr. MCGOVERN , be for it or be against it, 
but have the debate. That is what is absolutely frustrating. 
On August 27 we wrote a letter to the Speaker of the House asking him to please allow a debate on reauthorization of our involvement in the Middle East. Then on September 25 I wrote by myself to the Speaker of the House and asked again for the debate. 
As you have stated, he did say publicly that because of the forthcoming election in 2014, that he thought it would be proper to have the debate in 2015, which you have already stated. 
he was waiting for the President to submit the AUMF. As you have stated, the President did submit an AUMF, which many of us in both parties for different reasons were dissatisfied with, but it was the vehicle with which to go to the committee, to have the debate, and then to bring to the floor for a debate of the full House. 
I quote frequently down in my district what James Madison said: ‘‘The power to declare war, including the power of judging the causes of war, is fully and exclusively vested in the legislature.’’ 
He said the legislature, we in the House and we in the Senate. He didn’t say the President. He said the legislature. If we don’t bring it forward ourselves and if the Speaker wants the President to submit the AUMF—which he has already done, but now, as you stated, he is asking for another AUMF. 
spent $1.7 trillion or $1.8 trillion in Iraq and Afghanistan combined. This is the first war in Iraq, not the continuation that we are into now. We are spending billions and billions of dollars every day. As you say, we have cut programs left and right. Even our veterans are concerned about their benefits being cut, and many of them did serve in Afghanistan and Iraq. 
I take it upon myself to go to Walter 
Reed. I will go to my grave regretting that I voted to send our kids to Iraq, which was an unnecessary war initially, very unnecessary, but we went; 4,000 of our kids died, and 30,000 were wounded, and 100,000 Iraqis were killed. Anyway, that is history now. I know we can’t change history, but, hopefully, we can learn from history. 
about this down in my district, Mr. MCGOVERN . That is why I support this 
H. Con. Res. 55. I don’t know how many billions of dollars we are expending in Afghanistan. I know that that is a different subject, but I want to make my point. 
The billions of dollars that we are expending in Afghanistan is just so ironic that John Sopko, who is the Special Inspector General of Afghan Reconstruction, talks about how the waste, fraud, and abuse is ongoing. We have had marines from my district who were sent to Afghanistan to train the Afghans to be policemen and soldiers, and the people they were training turned the guns on them and killed them. 
women into these Middle East countries and other countries, and we don’t have an end to the plan. I am not a military person, but I have heard from military leaders. If you have a strategy, that means you have an end point to your strategy, but we don’t have an end point to our strategy. That is why it is so important that we bring it up. 
What you are trying to do is to force 
a debate on an AUMF to get this Congress to reengage itself. I am like you, sir. I get tired of funding all of these programs. In fact, on FOX today, they were talking about the weapons that we have given to the Iraqis, and their army is disbanding half the time. The weapons that we have given them— from machine guns to Humvees—are now in the hands of ISIS, and we are now bombing the equipment that we sent to the Iraqi Army. It does not make any sense. 
am going to yield back to you your time. I want to thank you and BARBARA  
LEE—and that is why I joined you—because I see the frustration of the marines down in Camp Lejeune. They have been deployed three, four, five, six, seven times, and they know that they might be called upon again, and they will go. 
our services, they will go back and go back and go back; but, as you have said many times and as James Madison said, it is our responsibility, not the President’s responsibility, to initiate these AUMFs. 
with what the Speaker has asked him for, which is for a second AUMF. If he sends a second AUMF, then there is no excuse that our leadership of the Republican Party has—and I am a Republican—to not bring it to the floor. 
am pleased to have thought to join you in this effort. We need to meet our constitutional responsibility. I go to Walter Reed. I see the broken bodies, and I see the amputated legs. 
families in this country who have lost loved ones in Afghanistan and Iraq. I want to fulfill my duty as a Member of Congress and follow the Constitution and have the debates on spending blood and money in these foreign countries. 
colleague from North Carolina for his eloquent statement and for his passion on this issue and for his courage on this issue because I know that it is not easy to stand up and raise some of these questions. He has done so consistently, and I think the country owes him a debt of gratitude, so I thank the gentleman for that. 
there is a constitutional principle at stake here. We have a responsibility when it comes to matters of war, and it is a little bit puzzling to me that we have a lot of complaining in this Chamber by some in saying that the President is not consulting enough with Congress or he is doing too many things with executive actions; yet, when it comes to the issue of war, we don’t want to have anything to do with it. It is just too easy to do nothing. 
I know that these issues are uncomfortable—they are complicated; they are difficult—but our job is not to run away from an issue if it is uncomfortable. We have to deliberate on a lot of issues that are important to the American people and to the national security of this country. 
a Member of Congress to be quiet on this issue and cheer the White House on if the military operation is going well or criticize it if it is not, but never have to take a vote. That is not leadership; that is cowardice. That is shirking our responsibility. 
I don’t care whether you are a Democrat or a Republican. We all, for the 
institution, should insist that we assume our proper role when it comes to issues of war. War is a big deal. It is a big deal—at least it should be a big deal. 
that, in this Chamber and in this city, it has become easy. We don’t talk about it. We had a debate on the defense authorization bill last week. A number of us tried to bring amendments to the floor to kind of force this issue, and we were told this is not the place to talk about the war—the defense authorization bill, which authorizes a lot of the funding for this war. 
If that is not the place to talk about 
it, then where is the place to talk about it? With every attempt that we have launched to try to force a debate on the floor, we have been frustrated. We have been told you can’t do it. Here we are in June, and we have been at war now for many, many months. The time has come for us to stand up and be heard on this issue. 
the White House’s policy in Iraq and Syria. I don’t support much of what the President is doing right now. I know his heart is in the right place, but I don’t think that the ultimate answer here is to expand our military footprint. I have reservations. 
give the President all of the power in the universe to do whatever he wants around the world, you still ought to support what Congressman JONES and 
do, and that is to make sure that Congress has a role in this, that we authorize whatever action is going to take place from this point forward. 
President’s authority. You could vote to limit the President’s authority. You could vote to say we don’t believe the President should have any authority to launch even more wars in the Middle East. That is what the debate should be about. 
We should be talking about the specifics of our policy. I mean, is there a clearly defined mission here? I don’t see it. A clearly defined mission has a beginning, a middle, and an end; but we ought to have that debate. 
initially, Oh, it won’t be that long; then it was a few years. Now, it is going to be a generation or two. The length of time that we are going to be expected to be engaged here gets longer and longer and longer and longer with each passing month. Isn’t that worth a discussion? Isn’t that worth a debate? 
House floor that I would say are pretty trivial. We debate a lot of legislation that we know is going nowhere. Why can’t we take the time to debate this issue of war? Why can’t we take the time to do what is right by our servicemen and women, who are being put into harm’s way, to make sure that we are getting it right with regard to Iraq and Syria and the war against the Islamic State? Again, I know it is uncomfortable; but so what? We need to do our job. 
I will just close by reiterating something that Congressman JONES said, 
and that is that we have a lot of needs here in the United States. We can’t get a longterm highway bill passed. We have tens of millions of fellow citizens 
in the United States of America, the richest country on the planet, who are hungry. We have some schools that are in disrepair. 
heck of a lot better. We have infrastructure needs. I can go right down the list of the things that we need to do. We have people who are unemployed, and we have people who are homeless. We need more housing for people. 
have to do, and we are told we can’t do any of it because we don’t have the money; but, when it comes to wars that never end or wars that are going to last generations or more, we are an ATM machine. 
give you an IOU. We will put it on our credit card. People talk about the deficit and the debt; yet we are adding all of these billions and trillions of dollars because of these wars that are not paid for. No one says anything about that around here, but that is one of the biggest contributors to our debt. We ought to realize that. 
When we talk about national security, I would just say to my colleagues that national security also includes the quality of life for people here in this country, whether people have a job, whether people have access to a good education, whether people have health care, whether people have food, whether they have shelter. 
parts of our national security and our national defense. We are neglecting them on a regular basis, but we are spending every cent we have on these wars overseas. 
would prefer that an AUMF come before the full House under regular order, where the House Foreign Affairs Committee would report out a bill, and we would just debate it, but we have been patient long enough, and nothing has been forthcoming. 
promise that anything may be coming—more excuses. That is why we introduced this privileged resolution. We are going to force a debate, and we are going to force a vote. We will do it again and again and again and again until this Congress lives up to its constitutional responsibilities. 
ZINKE). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
so much going on these days, and I would just like to take up a very important issue that is going on right now. 
There was an interview by our President that was discussed in the L.A. Times, an article by Christi Parsons and Michael Memoli, and I saw part of the interview on television. The headline of this story is ‘‘Obama Raises Possibility of Allowing U.N. Vote on Palestinian Statehood.’’ Their subheadline says, ‘‘Obama makes veiled threat about Palestinian statehood in an interview.’’ 
took a step toward a tougher line with Israel in an interview released Tuesday, raising the possibility that the U.S. will allow a United Nations vote on issues related to the Palestinians if the two sides make no meaningful movement toward peace.’’ 
In an interview with an Israeli television station, Obama noted that his administration has ‘‘up until this point’’ quashed such efforts at the U.N., while insisting that the Israelis and Palestinians must negotiate a resolution; but he said it is a challenge for the U.S. to keep demanding that the Palestinians negotiate in good faith if no one believes the Israelis are doing the same. 
Further down, it says, ‘‘Obama’s critical tone toward Netanyahu, describing him as someone who is ‘predisposed’ to ‘think perhaps that peace is naive’, appeared to return to the tough language that marked administration statements earlier this spring around the time of the Israeli election. More recently, the White House had seemed to be trying to mend fences.’’ Well, obviously, that is not the case now. 
Speaker, to take a look at some of the comments that have been made by folks who say they are leaders, and we know them to be leaders of the Palestinians because Mr. Obama is getting some terrible advice. 
Maybe he is still skipping those briefings, and who knows where it is coming from, but somebody needs—somebody, and I hope, Mr. Speaker, somebody close to the President—to start advising him on the position of the Palestinians. They cannot make their position more clear. 
the statement, in essence, that, if Israel lays down its arms, there is no Israel; if the Palestinians lay down their arms, there will be peace. 
They will not do so, and they continue to teach their children about how evil and horrible these Jews are, these Israelis are, that they need to be wiped off the map. They continue to name streets and holidays for those who would kill innocent Israeli children, innocent Israeli moms and dads as they 
is wonderful; let’s make them heroes because they killed innocent Israelis. 
to help the Palestinians have a big spot in Israel, a massive spot, which Israel has already seen makes their nation indefensible, while the President seems not to be getting the message of their position: they want to wipe Israel off the map. 
Arafat, the previous PLO leader. He said: ‘‘We plan to eliminate the State of Israel and establish a purely Palestinian state. We will make life unbearable for Jews by psychological warfare and population explosion. We Palestinians will take over everything, including all of Jerusalem.’’ 
Now, the current Palestinian President has made clear—and his statement is: ‘‘We cannot compromise on Jerusalem.’’ They are taking all of Jerusalem. 
never recognize a Jewish state. The quote is: ‘‘First of all, let me make something clear about the story of the Jewish state,’’ he told Dream 2 TV on October 23, 2011. He is quoted: ‘‘They started talking to me about the Jewish state only 2 years ago, discussing it with me at every opportunity, every forum I went to—Jewish or nonJewish—asking: ‘What do you think about the Jewish state?’ I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: I will never recognize the Jewishness of the state, or a ‘Jewish state.’’’ 
or rather, captured—a soldier and managed to keep him for 5 years, and that is a good thing.’’ 
‘‘In a final resolution, we would not see the presence of a single Israeli—civilian or soldier—on our lands.’’ Of course, their lands, they anticipate getting all of Israel. They intend to wipe the Israelis off the map. 
wants jihad, the direction for jihad is wellknown and clear.’’ This is Mahmoud AlHabbash, the Palestinian Minister for Religious Affairs. He said, ‘‘Those who send young people to Syria or elsewhere to die for a misdirected cause must stop and understand that Jerusalem is still waiting. Jerusalem is the direction, Jerusalem is the address.’’ 
Another quote—Hamas, a group designated by the State Department and European Union as a foreign terrorist organization. They, of course, are well respected in the area the Palestinians are occupying. 
Saeb Erekat, the Palestinian diplomat’s chief negotiator, said, ‘‘Hamas is a Palestinian movement, is not and will never be a terrorist organization.’’ Well, we know the facts dictate otherwise. 
Mr. Speaker. As long as the leaders of the Palestinians continue to say that terrorist organizations are peaceful, in their view, even though they want to 
kill Israelis, wipe them off the map, and as long as they continue to say they will never recognize an Israeli state, a Jewish state, they will never allow them to exist, they will continue to push to wipe them off the map, how in the world can the President of the United States act like he is a friend to Israel, yet say we want to accommodate their getting a vote that will make Israel indefensible to people that want to destroy them? 
Here are some more quotes. The following are excerpts from an interview with Hamas MP and cleric Yunis Al Astal, which aired on AlAqsa TV on May 11 of 2011. He said: ‘‘The Jews are brought in droves to Palestine so that the Palestinians—and the Islamic nation behind them—will have the honor of annihilating the evil of this gang.’’ 
prey, all the dangerous reptiles and insects, and all the lethal bacteria are far less dangerous than the Jews.’’ 
all the Zionists and the settlers will realize that their arrival in Palestine was for the purpose of the great massacre, by means of which Allah wants to relieve humanity of their evil.’’ 
member and cleric: ‘‘When Palestine is liberated and its people return to it, and the entire region, with the grace of Allah, will have turned into the United States of Islam, the land of Palestine will become the capital of the Islamic Caliphate, and all these countries will turn into states within the Caliphate.’’ 
Another great quote from these wonderful leaders, another leader said: ‘‘I swear that if we had a nuke, we’d have used it this very morning.’’ 
Those are the people that the President of the United States thinks are being extremely reasonable, and he considers that Netanyahu, in wanting to keep a country in which they can live without being wiped off the map, is being unreasonable. 
want peace; but how can they sit down with people who will not even acknowledge they have a right to exist? That is not a precondition. That is a condition for wiping them off the map as a threat to mankind if they are not willing to recognize that genocide is inappropriate. 
When people make clear that they are going to commit murder or genocide, how long do you have to wait before it is okay to stop them? Well, the President has made clear it may be time to move out of the way so that these Palestinians that want to obliterate Israel can have their will. 
Back in my days as a felony judge, when you have somebody who is driving a car and people say, ‘‘Hey, we just need a ride to this location. Once we get there, we are going to murder some people, but we don’t need anything from you. We just need a ride,’’ the person that drove that car, knowing that 
those people made those comments about wanting to kill people when they get to that location, they are also guilty of murder. 
raising questions. If the United States says, ‘‘Here, Palestinian terrorist groups, we want to provide you the vehicle to have a powerful place right in the middle, a huge section of Israel. We want to give you that place, and you have made clear, we know you have made clear, once you are there, you are going to wipe out Israel,’’ does that make the United States’ leaders that facilitate that, does that make them accessories? I am just asking. 
Mr. Speaker, you can advise the Parliamentarian, I am not accusing anybody. I am just asking the question. 
somebody that people are threatening murder, genocide, and those are not the people whose side we should be on trying to accommodate to reach that goal. It is a difficult time, and it is a scary time. 
says, to whom much is given, of them much is required. 
the elderly West African gentleman who advised me when I was over there with Mercy Ships: We were so excited when you elected your first Black President, but we have continued since then to see America get weaker, and you have got to go back to Washington and tell your friends there that, when America gets weaker, we suffer. 
much is given. This United States of America, that our leaders in this administration, according to articles, a Catholic Bishop in Nigeria, that this administration is saying: We are not going to help you stop Boko Haram, these radical Islamists; we are going to let them keep killing innocent Christians, kidnapping, and sexually raping, abusing Christian girls. But, if you will change your laws and accommodate same sex marriage and pay for abortion, then we will be willing to come help. 
of Congress who got back from a trip to East Africa, where they were told by leaders in East African nations the same thing that they are being told by the people in this administration: Oh, yeah, we will help you with radical Islam, but only if you change your laws to violate your strongly held Christian beliefs that samesex marriage is wrong. And also, start providing abortions, also violating your strongly held religious beliefs. 
Only if you will violate your Christian beliefs will we be willing to come help you. If there is a God as the Bible talks about, there will be a price to this Nation for acting in such a way. 
program live. Again, last night in the wee hours I was watching a replay of Sean’s program, and he was talking about, once again, a terrorist with ties to a mosque in the Boston area. 
on this and found research that had been done by others. I found an article by Ryan Mauro back from December 2013. 
Director of the FBI, Director Mueller, before our Judiciary Committee, I was incredulous that the Russians, of all people, could advise the United States twice that the older Tsarnaev had been radicalized long before he ever killed people and maimed people during the Boston Marathon. 
took no action the first time, then they advised the FBI that the older Tsarnaev had been radicalized, and you need to check into it. And the best I can find out is the FBI interviewed Tsarnaev, and he said he wasn’t a terrorist—imagine that—and they talked to his mother and she said her son was not a terrorist. 
And I challenged him and said, in effect: You didn’t even go to the Boston mosque where Tsarnaev attended to find out, to investigate if he had been radicalized? And he challenged me. He said that wasn’t true. I said: What part wasn’t true? And he said: We did go to the mosque there. 
put after that until I heard a replay. My staff had to say: You apparently didn’t hear what he said after he said ‘‘We did go to the mosque.’’ So I had to listen to the replay. What he said: ‘‘We did go to the mosque in our outreach program.’’ 
about that before. It took years before the FBI finally suspended their partnership with CAIR after, years before, the FBI had found evidence that was utilized in the Holy Land Foundation trial, the largest terrorist prosecution case in American history. 
CAIR was named as an unindicted coconspirator. They tried to have their name removed from the pleadings, but the Federal judges at the district level and at the United States Court of Appeals both said there is plenty of evidence to support CAIR being a coconspirator supporting terrorism. So no, we are not going to strike their names from the pleadings. There were other names that were challenging as well. 
the FBI to decide to suspend their outreach program, their partnership with CAIR. And yet, according to Director Mueller, they continued that outreach program to that mosque. 
final question. I held up these documents here, the Articles of Organization. This is with the Commonwealth of Massachusetts that they got these Articles of Organization. And it is organizing a group called the Islamic Society of Boston, which established the 
mosque in Boston that Tsarnaev attended, that the latest terrorist attended. 
the question about this mosque because he was shocked, like I was previously, as to why there had not been more investigation. 
tells the tale: ‘‘Clarion Project: Islamic Society of Boston.’’ It says: 
teachings are largely based on Islamists like Muslim Brotherhood spiritual leader Yousef alQaradawi and Sayyid Qutb, the Brotherhood cleric who influenced Osama bin Laden, as reported in 2008 that the Muslim Brotherhood and the Pakistani Islamist group JamaateIslami ‘are the prominent belief systems. The popular web sites used by members, and recommended by mosque leaders, are mostly fundamentalist, and rabidly homophobic.’’’ 
Laden had said that the writings of Qutb, particularly the booklet ‘‘Milestones,’’ helped radicalized him. 
been purged, as have our intelligence training materials and other training materials, if they had not been purged of material that CAIR found offensive—CAIR being the entity that the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals and a U.S. District Court said there is plenty of evidence to support their being coconspirators in terrorism. They found some language offensive and so there were—well they classified it. I thought it was ridiculous, and I won’t say an approximate amount. They found many pages to be offensive to them, this coconspirator in terrorism, according to the pleadings in the Holy Land Foundation trial, and so they were removed. As one intelligence officer told me: We blinded ourselves of the ability to see our enemy. 
should go into the mosque and talk to people there. They should have asked: Well, look, do you know Tsarnaev? Was he reading Qutb—well, they call him an Egyptian martyr, but he was a terrorist. He promoted terrorism, and he wrote this booklet that has helped radicalize people. 
But if you know what radicals believe, then you are able to ask the questions and get to the bottom. And so you are not just going to the mosque to sit down and pat each other on the back and have some food together. You are actually investigating whether somebody is going to kill people at the Boston Marathon in the future so you can save their lives. But they didn’t know enough to do that because they are not properly trained anymore because CAIR gets offended when we try to properly train them. 
This article goes on and says: ‘‘Their writings and teachings were 
in 2013. He is talking about the Islamic Society of Boston’s teachings in the 
‘‘The writings and teachings were fanatical. I left and refused to go back to pray. I left Egypt to escape the Muslim Brotherhood, but I had found it there.’’ 
administration. And for the incompetent people that say: ‘‘Well, Gohmert never gives names; he just says they advise the President,’’ they don’t know how many times I have given names. Mohamed Elibiary from Plano was on the top advisory group for Homeland Security. 
Dulles Area Muslim Society, or ADAMS—I am sure John Adams would appreciate that—he was president of that. He was part of a group that was named as a coconspirator in the terrorist prosecution trial of the Holy Land Foundation. He advised the President regularly. He gave him advice, according to the media. He gave advice to the President about his speech back in 2011, where the President inaccurately said everybody agrees to going back to the pre1967 boundaries. No, they didn’t. 
part of what was named as a coconspirator in terrorism, maybe you think that, but certainly the parties didn’t agree to that. 
Anyway, this article goes on: ‘‘In 2004, the Islamic Society of Boston Web site had a section titled: ‘40 Recommendations for the Muslim Home.’ It said to ‘hang up the whip where the members of the household can see it,’ and that children are to be ‘hit’ if they refuse to pray once they are 10 years old. 
beating, ‘Hitting is not the way to discipline; it is not to be resorted to except when all other means are exhausted or when it is needed to force someone to do obligatory acts of obedience,’’’ which apparently include of a sexual nature. 
The article says: ‘‘One of the founders of the Islamic 
Society of Boston is Abdurrahman Alamoudi, who was its first president.’’ 
Mueller: Were you aware that Alamoudi is the one that started this mosque that Tsarnaev attended? And he said: No, he was not. But he sure knew who Alamoudi was. Because the FBI gathered the evidence, whether they wanted to or not, that put him in prison. Actually, I think the British gathered the evidence that was so overwhelming that there wasn’t much choice; he had to be prosecuted. 
Yes, he had helped the Clinton administration, he had been some help to the Bush administration, according to Alamoudi. Anyway, he gets arrested out at Dulles Airport and is doing I believe 23 years in prison for supporting terrorism. 
But the article points out: ‘‘He was convicted on terrorismrelated charges in 2004 and has admitted 
operative. He wrote from his prison cell, ‘I am, I hope, still a member of the Muslim Brotherhood organization in the USA.’ He was last paid a speaking fee by the Islamic Society of Boston in 2000, the same year he publicly expressed his support for Hamas and Hezbollah. 
‘‘Muslim Brotherhood spiritual leader Yousef alQaradawi has been on the ISB board of trustees. Tax filings for 1998–2000 include his name under a list of ‘officers, directors, trustees, and key employees.’ 
Islamic Society of Boston—fundraise via videotape because the U.S. would not grant him entry. His name also appeared on the Islamic Society of Boston’s Web site until March 2001. The Islamic Society of Boston originally denied having any connection to Qaradawi and later claimed that the inclusion of his name on the tax forms was an error. 
‘‘The ISB has hosted Islamic speakers like Salah Soltan and Yasir Qadhi. In March 2010, Imam Abdullah Faarooq said that Aafia Siddiqui, a young woman arrested for her al Qaeda ties, was innocent, and ’You must grab on to this rope, grab on to the typewriter, grab on to the shovel, grab on to the gun and the sword, don’t be afraid to step out into this world and do your job.’ 
‘‘ISB has donated ‘thousands’ of dollars to the Holy Land Foundation, a U.S. Muslim Brotherhood entity later shut down for financing Hamas. It also donated to the Benevolence International Foundation, later identified as al Qaeda front. 
has served the Islamic Society of Boston for at least 10 years, is also a board member of the Boston chapter of the Muslim American society. 
‘‘In 1994, Hamas fundraiser Mohammed ElMezain addressed the Muslim Arab Youth Association. He spoke after an individual that was introduced as a leader of the ‘Hamas mosque military wing.’ An FBI report documented the speaker saying: ‘I have been told to restrict or restrain what I say . . . I hope no one is recording me or taking any pictures, as none are allowed . . . because I’m going to speak the truth to you. It’s simple. Finish off the Israelis. Kill them all. Exterminate them. No peace ever.’’’ 
It is time to listen to our friends in Israel and do not, at all costs, facilitate the destruction or the attempted destruction of Israel by our enemies and their enemies. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. S TEWART (at the request of Mr. 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania (at the request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 2 p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, June 8, 2015 at 2 p.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1699. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting authorization for Colonel Paul J. Rock, Jr., United States Marine Corps, to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 2131. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’ (Rept. 114–137). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agriculture. H.R. 2394. A bill to reauthorize the National Forest Foundation Act, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 
114–138). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 2645. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to prevent the Thrift Savings Fund from investing in any company that boycotts Israel; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
of Texas, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. D IAZ 
BALART , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. D OLD, 
Carolina, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. V ARGAS , 
Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
services for individuals with mental illness and families in mental health crisis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2647. A bill to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fireprone forested lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
PALLONE , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
H.R. 2648. A bill to require adequate information regarding the tax treatment of payments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2649. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the application of Medicare secondary payer rules to certain workers’ compensation settlement agreements and qualified Medicare setaside provisions; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2650. A bill to restore equity, save coverage, and undo errors in the case of individuals who lose health insurance subsidies under King v. Burwell, and other individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Health Service Act to prevent and treat diabetes, to promote and improve the care of individuals with diabetes, and to reduce health disparities, relating to diabetes, within racial and ethnic minority groups, including the AfricanAmerican, Hispanic American, Asian American, Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, and American Indian and Alaskan Native communities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. G RIFFITH, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. Z INKE, Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. W ALKER, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
H.R. 2652. A bill to provide a 2year grace 
period for physicians and other health care providers in transitioning from the use of ICD9 to ICD10; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
FLORES , Mr. B ARR, Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
GOSAR , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. B UCSHON , 
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
Mr. R OTHFUS , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mrs. 
FINCHER , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. O LSON , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
H.R. 2653. A bill to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and related reconciliation provisions, to promote patientcentered health care, to provide for the creation of a safe harbor for defendants in medical malpractice actions who demonstrate adherence to clinical practice guidelines, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and 
Means, Education and the Workforce, the Judiciary, Natural Resources, House Administration, Rules, Appropriations, Veterans’ Affairs, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. F UDGE , 
BONAMICI , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B RADY  
CA´RDENAS , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APUANO , 
Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OOPER, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS 
DELBENE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. 
Florida, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RAYSON, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON  
KAPTUR , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSENof Washington, Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P RICE of 
RANGEL , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S HERMAN , 
Ms. S INEMA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
TONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. 
H.R. 2654. A bill to eliminate discrimination and promote women’s health and economic security by ensuring reasonable workplace accommodations for workers whose ability to perform the functions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condition; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
for election for the office of Senator or Member of the House of Representatives to run in an open primary regardless of political party preference or lack thereof, to limit the ensuing general election for such office to the two candidates receiving the greatest number of votes in such open primary, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, the Judiciary, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Retirement and Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the electronic delivery of pension plan information; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. K IND, Mr. 
HECKof Nevada, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
H.R. 2657. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the energy credit to provide greater incentives for industrial energy efficiency; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2658. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
treatment for certain imports from Nepal; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
RANGEL , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L EWIS, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. H AHN, 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. F ARR, Mr. P AYNE , 
H.R. 2660. A bill to amend the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 to increase the age of eligibility for children to receive benefits under the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Trails System Act to include national discovery trails, and to designate the American 
Discovery Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for himself, Mr. SALMON , Mr. G ALLEGO , and 
H.R. 2662. A bill to amend title 37, United 
States Code, to clarify the situations in which the United States will cover the cost of transportation for next of kin to attend the transfer ceremony of a member of the Armed Forces who dies overseas; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
CRAMER , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
H.R. 2663. A bill to promote the development of renewable energy on public land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2664. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to protect the right of a claimant in a civil action before a Federal court to retain a structured settlement broker to negotiate the terms of payment of an award, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
wilderness areas in Olympic National Forest in the State of Washington, and to designate certain rivers in Olympic National Forest and Olympic National Park as wild and scenic rivers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. B ARTON , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S HIMKUS , 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. L ONG, 
Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Communications Commission from regulating the rates charged for broadband Internet access service; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2667. A bill to reauthorize the matching grant program for school security in the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mrs. D INGELL , and Ms. R OYBALALLARD ): 
Care Corps through which qualified volunteers provide care, companionship, and other services to seniors and individuals with disabilities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2669. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on provision of inaccurate caller identification information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2670. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
H.R. 2671. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify the amount of scholarships and duration of obligated service under the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Professional Scholarship Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2672. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify the amount and duration of scholarships under the Department of Veterans Affairs Employee Incentive Scholarship Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2673. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to expand the eligibility of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs to participate in the Education Debt Reduction Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2674. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transfer funds among certain scholarship and debt reduction programs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Highway Traffic Safety Administration to establish a program allowing low volume motor vehicle manufacturers to produce a limited number of vehicles annually within a regulatory system that addresses the unique safety and financial issues associated with limited production, and to direct the Environmental Protection Agency to allow low volume motor vehicle manufacturers to install engines from vehicles that have been issued certificates of conformity; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. NEAL (for himself, Mr. CROWLEY, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T HOMP SONof California, Mr. B ECERRA , and 
H.R. 2676. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the tax treatment for certain build America bonds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
ENGEL , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. 
H.R. 2677. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Education to verify that individuals have made a commitment to serve in the Armed Forces or in public service, or otherwise are a borrower on an eligible loan which has been submitted to a guaranty agency for default aversion or is already in default, before such individuals obtain a consolidation loan; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
contributions to the United Nations Population Fund; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 2679. A bill to provide for the admission to the United States of certain Tibetans; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Ms. K USTER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. M OORE , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
H.R. 2680. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to increase transparency and reporting on campus sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for 
a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mrs. LAWRENCE , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California): 
and Nationality Act to establish the STEM Education and Training Account in order to enhance the economic competitiveness of the United States by providing funding for STEM education and training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2682. A bill to prohibit business enterprises that lay off a greater percentage of their United States workers than workers in other countries from receiving any Federal assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
agencies to use iron and steel produced in the United States in carrying out projects for the construction, alteration, or repair of a public building or public work, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C OOK, 
Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. 
development opportunity for the Alabama Coushatta Tribe of Texas on terms that are equal and fair, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding steps that Congress should take to restore democracy and change the way we do politics in the United States by reducing the influence of money and corporations and promoting the participation of the people in politics and government; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H. Res. 299. A resolution on the passing of 
Joseph Robinette Biden, III; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
H. Res. 300. A resolution on the passing of 
Joseph Robinette Biden, III; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. HUNTER, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. J ONES , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. 
Rules of the House of Representatives to prohibit the consideration of an implementing bill with respect to a trade agreement unless the final legal text of the agreement has been made available to the public for a period of not less than 60 days prior to the date on which the implementing bill is introduced in the House; to the Committee on Rules. 
100th birthday of the late Les Paul, the ‘‘Wizard of Waukesha’’, and honoring his contributions to the American music industry; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2645. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to thc following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution under the General Welfare Clause. 
H.R. 2646. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2647. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2648. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2649. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States).’’ 
H.R. 2650. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Commerce Clause, the authority to enact this legislation is found within Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. Consistent with Congress’s power to tax, the authority to enact this legislation is also found in Clause 1 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 2651. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 2652. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power *** To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof (Also known as the ‘‘Necessary and Proper clause)’’. 
H.R. 2653. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises,’’ and to provide for the ‘‘general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution gives Congress the power to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution, which gives Congress the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
This legislation puts forth measures relating to the treatment of existing commerce and the exchange of health care products, services, and transactions, while retaining the sovereignty and power of respective states as outlined in Amendment X of the U.S. Constitution. The legislation also makes amendments to the manner in which the United States defines and enacts certain taxes, as implemented through the power to collect taxes and provide for the general Welfare. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution provides for those provisions which serve as a means to secure the ends of Clauses 1 and 3 of Article 1, Section 8, as cited above. Such provisions, include, but are not limited to eligibility standards, reporting measures relating to the practical implementation of tax provisions, and instructions specifying the relationship among existing Departments and programs. 
Nothing in this legislation shall be construed to restrict due process of the law as defined in Section 1, Amendment XIV of the U.S. Constitution. 
This legislation includes a provision to repeal Public Law 111–148 and title I and subtitle B of title II of Public Law 111–152, which exceeds the scope of power vested in Congress by the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 2654. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 3 and 18 of section 8 of Article I of 
the Constitution and section 5 of Amendment XIV to the Constitution. 
H.R. 2655. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 ‘‘The Times, Places and Manner of holding 
Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators.’’ 
H.R. 2656. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the U.S. Constitution (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
H.R. 2657. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2658. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2659. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution, commonly referred to as the Commerce Clause. The Commerce Clause states that the Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes. This bill changes U.S. trade 
H.R. 2660. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2661. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 2662. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2663. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2. (The Property Clause.) 
power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and states that nothing in the Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any Particular State. 
Currently, the federal government possesses approximately 1.8 billion acres of land. The U.S. Constitution specifically addresses the relationship of the federal government to land. The Property Clause gives Congress plenary power and fullauthority over federal property. The U.S. Supreme Court has described Congress’s power to legislate under this Clause as ‘‘without limitation.’’ This Act falls squarely within the express Constitutional power set forth in the Property Clause. 
H.R. 2664. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2665. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
providing for the general welfare of the United States); 
the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress); and 
the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 2666. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 2667. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress.’’ 
H.R. 2668. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2669. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2670. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution permits the Congress to, ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with indian tribes’’ 
H.R. 2671. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2672. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2673. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2674. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2675. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 2676. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and the 16th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 2677. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 2678. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
H.R. 2679. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2680. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2681. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2682. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution 
H.R. 2683. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution 
H.R. 2684. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 232: Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. 
H.R. 276: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Ms. F OXX, Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. K ELLY of 
H.R. 292: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. Z ELDIN , and 
H.R. 333: Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 348: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 359: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
H.R. 381: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 703: Mr. C RENSHAW and Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 842: Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
H.R. 893: Mrs. N OEM, Mr. H URTof Virginia, 
H.R. 973: Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. C ARSONof Indiana, and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 985: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
DENHAM , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. Y OHO, 
H.R. 1101: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. H IMES, Ms. 
H.R. 1188: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. P OSEY , and 
H.R. 1192: Mr. R EED, Mr. P AYNE , and Ms. 
H.R. 1197: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1202: Ms. P INGREE , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
H.R. 1218: Mr. D OLDand Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1258: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1434: Mr. K IND, Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, and 
H.R. 1516: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. D EGETTE , 
H.R. 1559: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1599: Mr. K NIGHT and Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, Mr. G OWDY , Mr. R OSKAM, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. R USSELL , 
H.R. 1688: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. S EANPATRICK  
H.R. 1717: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R UIZ, 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. J UDY 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. F ARR, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. 
H.R. 1739: Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
WEBSTER of Florida, and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. 
H.R. 1853: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
H.R. 1877: Mrs. D INGELL and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1893: Mr. C OLE, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. H UDSON, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. 
H.R. 1943: Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. C LAY, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Ms. E DWARDS , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 1950: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. 
H.R. 1989: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 2005: Mr. P OCAN and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2013: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. S CHIFF , and 
H.R. 2016: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2019: Mr. M ASSIE and Mr. A USTIN  
H.R. 2043: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. L ORETTA  
HOLDING , and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 2082: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 2216: Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
H.R. 2221: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. S TEWART , Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 2248: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2300: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. 
H.R. 2378: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. P RICE of 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B ARR, and 
H.R. 2430: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. 
H.R. 2457: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. W ALZ, and 
H.R. 2470: Ms. M OORE , Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
H.R. 2510: Mrs. W ALORSKI and Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 2513: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 2513: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 2514: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. P OSEY , and 
H.R. 2522: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. S COTT of 
H.R. 2530: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and 
H.R. 2567: Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
RUSSELL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OEof Texas, 
H.R. 2630: Mr. B UCHANAN and Mr. M URPHY  
H. Res. 209: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. M ARINO , and 
H. Res. 233: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina 
H. Res. 262: Mrs. T ORRES and Mr. M CNERNEY. 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO. 25: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation to take any actions with 
respect to the financing of a new passenger rail project that runs from Orlando to Miami through Indian River County, Florida. 
AMENDMENT NO. 26: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation to make a loan in an amount that exceeds $600,000,000 under title V of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 821 et seq.). 
AMENDMENT NO. 27: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation to authorize exempt facility bonds to finance passenger rail projects which do not use vehicles that are reasonably expected to be capable of attaining a maximum speed in excess of 150 miles per hour between scheduled stops as defined in section 142 of title 26, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO. 28: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may used to carry out any enrichment as defined in Appendix A to part 611 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for any New Start grant request. 
AMENDMENT NO. 29: At the end of the bill, 
by this Act shall be used to enforce section 47524 of title 49, United States Code, or part 161 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, with regard to noise or access restrictions or to enforce section 47107 of title 49, United States Code, with regard to access restriction on the operation of aircraft by the operate of Bob Hope Airport in Burbank, California. 
AMENDMENT NO. 30: At the end of the bill, 
AMENDMENT NO. 31: At the end of the bill 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3731 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 2015 No. 89 