The New York Times published an article titled ‘‘Afghan Security Forces Struggle Just to Maintain Stalemate,’’ by Joseph Goldstein. 
extremely high casualty rates in the Afghan security forces, there is also a high desertion rate. As a result, the Afghans are struggling to maintain adequate numbers in their security forces, meaning, it is becoming extremely difficult for them to keep the Taliban at bay. 
those of us who have watched the fight against the Taliban since 2001. We have lost over 2,355 men and women in Afghanistan, with 20,000 wounded, and spent over $685 billion. 
shown that no outside military force has ever changed it, from Alexander the Great, to the British, to the Russians. Yet, last year the Obama administration signed a 9year agreement, committing American money and manpower in Afghanistan that was not voted on by the Congress. 
about voting on this agreement with Iran, but we did not vote to commit our troops and our money to Afghanistan for 9 more years. 
Committee, I am concerned by Mr. Goldstein’s report. Let me give two quotes from his article about the ability of the Afghan security forces to keep the Taliban at bay that I found very, very concerning. 
Defense Ministry . . . insisted that desertions remained rare and that there had been no effort to ban leaves or to stop rotations away from the front to cut down on the number of people going absent without leave.’’ 
with soldiers and police officers repeatedly countered the government’s claims. One Army major said . . . ‘Once the soldiers are taken for their breaks, they are unwilling to come back and join their duty.’’’ 
Government is untruthful and corrupt. Yet, we continue to spend billions of dollars at this losing cause. 
It is not fair to the taxpayers of eastern North Carolina, the taxpayers of America, or anybody in this country that pays taxes that we will continue 
to send money there to build their infrastructure and rebuild their roads and then to have the Taliban blow them up. It makes no sense. 
President of Afghanistan, that the United States House continues to spend billions of dollars on Afghan reconstruction so the Taliban can continue to destroy what we send over there with the taxpayers’ money to be built. 
this rathole of a policy in Afghanistan, which has basically given the Afghan Government a blank check every year and will for the next 9 years. 
change this tribal nation, and we should stop trying. Instead, let’s focus on fixing our economy here in America. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. 
the last 3 years, I have been coming to the floor, arguing against the folly of our attempting to pay for 2015 infrastructure with 1993 dollars. 
1993, and that is why we haven’t given the American people a 6year, robust reauthorization of the surface transportation system since 1998. 
agreement with a column by James Surowiecki in the current issue of The New Yorker. It is entitled ‘‘Raise the Gas Tax Already.’’ 
in the other body might be perceived as progress, might be a good thing, ‘‘‘real progress,’ except for one thing: their complicated, juryrigged plan is only 
necessary because of the continued refusal by Congress to embrace the obvious, economically sensible solution to highway funding, namely raising the gas tax. The federal gas tax is, as it should be, a key source of funding for highway spending.’’ Locked currently at 18.4 cents: 
mechanisms the plan relies on are as gimmicky and haphazard as ever. The bill would raise money by, among other things, lowering the dividend rate paid to banks in the Federal Reserve system, raising certain customs fees, increasing collection rates on unpaid taxes, and selling off a hundred and one million barrels of oil from the country’s Strategic Petroleum Reserve.’’ 
Petroleum Reserve, you should probably only sell oil from it for strategic reasons, not just because you want to raise some cash.’’ 
paying for operating expenses by selling off assets is not a good way to manage your money.’’ 
the bill is that we already have, in the gas tax, an ideal tool for raising money to pay for highway repairs. It’s a user tax: if you don’t drive, you don’t pay it, and if you drive less it costs you less.’’ 
economists, like Gregory Mankiw . . . have been ardent advocates of gasoline taxes.’’ 
raise the gas tax is the ultimate expression of how reflexive and irrational the resistance to taxes has become. Opposition to higher income taxes has some theoretical justification: higher marginal rates discourage people from working more and investing. Seen in one light, they’re a penalty for success. But no such argument exists against the gas tax: all it does, in essence, is ask drivers to pay for the roads they use. It’s not even fair to say that keeping this tax at its current level is a check on big government, since most federal highway spending now goes toward rebuilding and repairing roads— maintenance that even conservatives recognize we must do. 
somehow. Congress should show some political spine, discard the Rube Goldberg funding schemes, and stop treating all taxes as bad ones.’’ 
I couldn’t agree more with that sentiment. Indeed, we have seen six Republican States already this year show some political spine. They have raised the gas tax in Idaho, Utah, Iowa, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Georgia. 
It is time for us to assume our responsibilities, to rebuild and renew America, that used to have the finest infrastructure in the world, but now is locked into a downward spiral. 
giving a 6year, robust reauthorization bill will put hundreds of thousands of Americans to work in a matter of months all across the country, and it will make all our families safer, 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
to recognize someone who has been described as a pioneer in national substance abuse policy and prevention and a woman whose dedication, drive, and compassion have made the world simply a better place. 
Mrs. Betty Sembler of St. Petersburg, Florida, as she retires as chair of the Drug Free America Foundation after nearly 15 years of dedicated leadership. 
the past three decades of her life to fighting the war on drugs. In 1976, she was 1 of 10 founding members of Straight, Inc., a nonprofit drug treatment program that successfully treated more than 12,000 young people with drug addiction in eight cities nationally, from Dallas to Boston. 
to establishing a national drug policy to reinforce the four critical fronts to combat drug abuse: education, treatment, interdiction, and law enforcement. 
Mrs. Sembler helped form public policy in the United States’ campaign against drugs through her participation in the White House Conference for a Drug Free America, as a member of the Florida Governor’s Drug Policy Task Force, and as a board member of DARE Florida, a national organization that provides drug resistance education for elementary and middle school students. 
Mrs. Sembler has continued her campaign against weakening drug policies and against legalization of drugs on an international basis. She serves on the board of DARE International as vice chairperson. 
Sembler, on both of his missions as United States ambassador, first to Australia and then to Italy. 
board chair of Save Our Society from Drugs and the Drug Free America Foundation. 
people about the effects on individuals, families, and communities, from legalizing and loosening restrictions on drugs while also fighting to reduce drug use, drug addiction, and drugrelated illnesses and death. 
the Republican Jewish Coalition, Operation PAR in Pinellas County, the Florida Holocaust Museum, the Florida Governor’s Mansion Foundation, the Florida National Guard Multijurisdictional Counterdrug Training Advisory Board, the Jewish Policy Center, and St. Petersburg’s Menorah Manor. Mr. Speaker, in 2008, the DEA Museum Foundation presented its Lifetime Achievement Award to Mrs. Sembler for her 30 years of leadership and commitment to fighting drugs. 
the highest honor bestowed by the foundation and recognizes long and 
sustained commitments to supporting law enforcement, drug abuse treatment, and drug abuse education. 
agent status by the DEA, only the second such designation to ever be given. 
Betty Sembler and her work with the Drug Free America Foundation has positively impacted lives and families around the world and has, no doubt, saved lives around the world. 
Mrs. Sembler, with her grace, friendship, and charm, has impacted each and every individual that she has touched throughout her life, including this Member of Congress. 
join me in thanking Mrs. Betty Sembler for her selfless years of service and for her work leading the charge, pushing back against dangerous drug policies, and promoting public health and public safety. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
want to make an introduction. This is the beautiful island of Puerto Rico. We own it. It is ours. We are responsible for it. 
governs this island. It is our colony, and we rule over it. It is $73 billion in debt. 
is a territory . . . belonging to the United States, but not a part of the United States. 
to govern Puerto Rico falls to the Congress and not to the executive branch, because, for the last 6 months or more, I have talked with Obama administration officials at every level about Puerto Rico, and their response has been that they cannot or will not do anything. The message I received loud and clear was anything to help Puerto Rico had better happen in Congress. 
Congress or anywhere else in Washington for real solutions. Puerto Rico’s problems are complicated. 
Rican people must begin putting direct pressure on this Congress for action because Puerto Rico’s problems are mostly the creation of—you guessed it— Congress. 
The Jones Act of 1917 made all Puerto Ricans citizens of the United States, just in time for World War I, when 18,000 new draftees were needed. 
Rico, unlike any State, can issue tripleexempt bonds, bonds that are free 
of Federal, State, and local taxes. Illinois can’t do that. Neither can your State. 
written out of U.S. bankruptcy laws by Congress. They cannot declare Chapter 9 or anything else because a special exemption was made. So Congress creates a taxfree bond haven and Wall Street jumps in to buy Puerto Rican debt decade after decade. 
the median bond debt of all 50 States, and bankruptcy is not an option without an act of Congress. And get this: the Puerto Rican Constitution says bondholders must be paid before anything else. 
wounded animal like vultures waiting to get their piece; and they are fighting against a bill that would allow Puerto Rico, like any other jurisdiction, to declare bankruptcy because that could move decisions about who gets paid and in what order they get paid into a U.S. Federal court of law. 
the billionaires and hedge funds because they will get paid before the cops on the beat, the doctors in the hospitals, and the teachers in the schools. Oh, we can’t investigate that crime or take down that drug dealer because we have to pay the bondholders on Wall Street first. 
debt in places like Greece and Argentina are lining up to cash in in the Caribbean by stepping up their demands for austerity measures, privatization of utilities, and restructuring on their terms that will make them very, very rich at the expense of the Puerto Rican people. 
Puerto Rican people are being distracted by the promises of statehood by every politician who travels to San Juan or needs the votes of Puerto Ricans in Orlando, Florida. 
the sooner the people here realize that the people in this Chamber are the ones who need to take action, the sooner we can make real progress and not get distracted by politics and the pipe dreams of statehood. 
to address the people of Puerto Rico directly in the language they speak at home around the dinner table. 
It is time for everyone to put political divisions aside. 
I have talked to the Obama Administration and they will do nothing to help Puerto Rico. 
paid even if the rest of Puerto Rico collapses. 
Rican debt so that they can demand austerity measures, taxbreaks, and privatization of industries that will fill their pockets with even more money. Whatever plan is invented in Washington or on Wall Street will not put the needs of the Puerto Rican people first—we all know that. 
that Puerto Rico has a plan for the economy that will create jobs and not just drive young people off of the island to the U.S. on Jet Blue. 
right here in Congress; we need to make this Congress act. 
Gutierrez on Facebook’’—and let’s begin working on a plan to get Congress to act. 
Ya es hora de que todos pongan a un 
Obama y ellos no van a ayudar a Puerto Rico. 
fila para recibir sus pagos aun cuando el resto de Puerto Rico se derrumba. 
de Puerto Rico para poder exigir medidas de austeridad, rebajes de impuestos, y la privatizacio ´n de las 
Cualquiera que sea el plan de Washington o de Wall Street no pondra ´las 
necesidades de la gente de Puerto Rico primero—todos sabemos eso. 
este momento para que Puerto Rico tenga un plan de economı ´a que pueda 
crear empleos y no seguir empujando a los jo ´venes fuera de la isla para los 
Voy a hablar ma ´s sobre esto y de la 
empecemos a organizar un plan para hacer que este Congreso cumpla. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Illinois will provide a translation for the RECORD . 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, since 1983, tens of thousands of students have participated in the CongressBundestag Youth Exchange, or CBYX, program with Germany. This program allows young professionals from both the United States and Germany to spend a year abroad to intern and study a different culture while living with a host family. 
from both countries develop a better understanding of foreign cultures and 
expand their knowledge and leadership potential exponentially. This fellowship provides extensive language training, strong courses of study at foreign universities, and the opportunity to be fully immersed in another culture, thereby culminating in a very unique experience. 
hold this program in especially high esteem as they hand select their nominees and build very strong personal relationships with them. While Members of the United States Congress are not as involved in the selection process of American participants, the American equivalent would include the prestige that congressional nominations for military academies carry. 
shown tremendous success in fostering a stronger relationship between the United States and Germany, which is why I was particularly disappointed to see the Department of State cut its funding by half in 2015. These reductions of CBYX came despite Congress’ continued bipartisan support over this program for decades. 
To prevent the collapse of this program altogether, Germany graciously closed the gap in 2015 by authorizing additional funds to negate the funding cuts that the U.S. had implemented. However, they maintained this was not something that they would be able to continue, and without the U.S. restoring funding, the continuation of this program was in jeopardy. 
of CBYX, German Chancellor Angela Merkel highlighted her disappointment in the funding cuts to President Obama during her visit to the United States in 2015. During those deliberations, she said: 
We were not pleased . . . because we very 
much value this partnership program. And I believe that all of those who participated as young people have also had unforgettable experiences. Especially now, 25 years after German unification, we want to continue this program. Given the fact that there are no longer as many American soldiers experiencing Germany as in the past, it is even more important that young people learn as much as possible from one another. 
U.S. Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy countered the cutbacks during its 2014 annual report. In it, the Commission is quoted as saying: 
We believe that it is against our interest to 
invest less in our relations with the German public at a critical time when facing dual threats from Russia and countering violent extremism in Europe, while also trying to secure the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership agreement with the European Union . . . the cutback of U.S. investment in the CongressBundestag exchange also sends a strong message to the German public and 
relationship with a critical ally whose public is increasingly skeptical of the United States. 
American Caucus and those concerned about the prospect of the CBYX program being placed at a disadvantage, voiced our frustrations with both Secretary Kerry and our House colleagues to raise awareness and demand the restoration of full funding for CBYX. I was pleased that this effort amassed bipartisan support throughout the House. 
State, Foreign Operations, and Related Agencies conveyed their concern in June 2015 by adding the following language: 
This program is integral for the continuation of a strong relationship between the United States and Germany . . . the committee does not support the proposed program reduction. 
language to restore funding for fiscal year 2016. While this was good news, the root of the problem still fell within the State Department’s lack of support. 
to Germany, John Emerson, contacted the German Bundestag to emphasize the vital importance of this program and relayed the State Department’s reversal on this issue and their decision to restore full funding for CBYX. 
GermanAmerican Caucus, I was ecstatic to hear this news, and I am pleased that the United States is holding up our end in strengthening ties with our great European ally. Many thanks to the nonprofit exchange organizations here in the U.S. who administer CBYX, such as Cultural Vistas, AFS, Youth for Understanding, CIEE, ASSE, FLAG, and Nacel Open Door. They are important partners in the success of the CBYX program. 
chair from across the aisle, Congressman KEATING , for the great efforts he 
showed throughout this process as well. This is a great step forward towards continuing our participation in this program and educating our future leaders through such an important fellowship. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 
July 17, I hosted my second annual Summer Food Rocks Tour in my district to bring attention to the importance of summer meals and USDA’s Summer Food Service Program, which ensures that lowincome children continue to receive nutritious meals when school is not in session. I was honored to be joined on the 
tour by USDA Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services Kevin Concannon, as well as many local, State, Federal, and nonprofit partners. 
Mr. Speaker, for millions of lowincome students, summer break isn’t as carefree as it should be. For these children, summer is a time of great uncertainty. During the school year, they have access to reliable, healthy school breakfasts and school lunches, but when school is out, these children and their families are often left scrambling to find enough to eat. 
leading national partner on summer meals, 43 percent of lowincome families say it is harder to make ends meet during the summer, and they must budget an extra $300 a month for groceries when kids are home from school in the summer. For families already struggling to put food on the table, these can be daunting challenges. 
Summer should not be a time of increased hunger among our children. That is where USDA’s Summer Food Service Program comes in. It is a federally funded, Stateadministered program that reimburses providers who serve healthy meals to children and teens in lowincome areas at no charge during the summer. Local sponsors serve meals at community sites on set days and times. Sites may be located in a variety of settings, such as schools, recreation centers, parks, community centers, day camps, housing projects, and Indian reservations. 
at Koziol Elementary School in Ware, Massachusetts. We had the opportunity to serve breakfast and speak with kids and their families about the importance of summer meals, and Share Our Strength was there to distribute sunglasses to the children, which they all loved. 
Our next stop was Fisher Hill Elementary School in Orange, Massachusetts. There, we met with children attending day camp at a school who receive breakfast through the summer meals program. We got a chance to play basketball with the kids. The kids were definitely better than us. 
American Center in Leominster, Massachusetts, where we were hosted by the center’s executive director, Neddy Latimer. We participated in a roundtable discussion on the successes and challenges of the summer meals program. We then had the opportunity to tour the center’s newly constructed kitchen and serve lunch to an enthusiastic group of children. 
in my hometown of Worcester. Under Secretary Concannon led a roundtable discussion on national standards for the school lunch program. During the 
discussion, we were treated to a delicious lunch prepared by the Worcester Public Schools Nutrition Department. 
two Worcester Public Schools food trucks and learning more about this innovative mobile meals program that runs throughout the city. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank everyone who joined me and my Summer Food Rocks Tour, especially Under Secretary Concannon, the site sponsors and volunteers, and the children and families who reminded me of why summer meals are so really important. 
food doesn’t just end when the school year does. We know that providing children access to healthy meals in the summer months has clear health, education, and economic benefits; and since summer meals must be served in a community setting, children have another incentive to participate in summer enrichment and recreation programs that, in turn, help them return to school ready to learn in the fall. 
more than 200 million free meals to children 18 years and under at approved summer meals sites. I have no doubt that they will achieve this ambitious goal. 
But there is still a lot of work to be 
done. USDA estimates that only one out of six students that gets a free or reduced price school meal during the school year receives a summer meal. As we consider the next Child Nutrition Reauthorization bill, we need to make sure that all students who are eligible for school meals have access to free summer meals and that States and local communities have the funding and resources they need to reach all eligible children. 
site near you is to text FOOD to 877– 877, or visit USDA’s Summer Food Rocks page online. 
my colleagues to visit a summer meals site in your district. I know that you will be just as impressed as I was at the incredible work being done right in your own community to ensure that no child goes hungry in the summer. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) for 5 minutes. 
morning to talk about one of the biggest problems facing our Nation, out ofcontrol spending. 
debt sits at over $18 trillion. We have not arrived at this point because of the actions of one party or of one administration. Over the years, both parties have enacted programs that have increased our debt. 
which we must get serious about reining in our outofcontrol spending, or we may fall victim to a similar fate that many nations throughout history have experienced. 
Here in the U.S., our spending problems are reaching a crisis level, and we are effectively leaving behind a catastrophe for the next generation. The basis of the American Dream is that, if you work hard, you can leave behind a better future for your children and grandchildren. That fundamentally American vision is in jeopardy due, in part, to our irresponsible spending. 
I am a new and very proud grandfather. My grandson, MacGuire, is about to turn 1, and already, his share of the national debt before his first birthday is over $40,000. We cannot turn a blind eye to this problem and pretend that it will just get better. Let me explain why. 
of the Federal Government, they are probably thinking about discretionary programs, which is money that goes to things like our military, highways, national parks, agriculture, and medical research. 
spending is that, each year, Congress has the ability to control these spending levels through the appropriations process. Since Republicans took control of the House in 2010, we have had some success in cutting funding to various Federal agencies. For example, agencies like the IRS and the EPA have seen their budgets cut in response to egregious executive overreach. 
majority of government operations, discretionary spending actually only makes up about onethird of all Federal spending. 
we call mandatory spending. This, along with the interest on the national debt, makes up almost twothirds of all Federal spending. 
about mandatory spending: it is on autopilot. Unlike discretionary spending, mandatory spending does not require annual appropriations from Congress. Instead, as long as someone meets the requirements, these programs dole out money without any action from Congress. Within these mandatory spending programs are what we call ‘‘meansbased entitlement programs,’’ including things like Medicaid, ObamaCare, food stamps, welfare, and the like. 
Federal Government spent almost $800 billion on over 92 programs that were aimed at lifting Americans out of poverty. Despite that record spending, too many Americans simply stopped looking for work. The system is failing the very people it was designed to help. 
While many of these meansbased entitlement programs have good intentions, they aren’t supposed to be permanent. These programs were created to help lift people out of poverty, not to keep them there. That is why it shouldn’t be a surprise that, during the recent economic downturn, spending on 
as the economy has improved, the spending on these programs has not gone down. In fact, the spending on some of these programs remains at alltime highs. 
both agree that Americans shouldn’t be stuck in poverty, and that is why we should put party politics aside and come together to address this dangerous cycle of government dependence. 
programs to put a real focus on workforce training to help connect Americans with the skills they need to get goodpaying jobs that meet workforce demands. 
appropriations process, money to State governments and allow them to craft poverty fighting programs based on each State’s specific societal programs and economic needs. 
I know that reforming these mandatory spending programs won’t be easy, but I didn’t run for Congress to come here and make easy decisions. I doubt my colleagues did either. 
Before I leave this body, I want to be 
able to look at my grandson, MacGuire, and know that I have been part of a real effort to rein in spending and put our Nation on a fiscally stable path for the next generation. 
to join me in addressing our Nation’s spending crisis. Let’s come together and make the tough choices. Let’s get our spending under control, and let’s leave behind a better America for the next generation. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to talk about a common medical condition that is too often masked by silence and stigma. It affects more women than diabetes or stroke or breast cancer. It is postpartum depression. 
anger and rage, and I had suicidal thoughts. ‘‘I don’t know what’s wrong, but I can’t take care of the baby, and I’m miserable all of the time.’’ 
and I was crying so hard I could barely text my mom to have her come over immediately. I waited anxiously at the door, with a screaming, ill child, and greeted her by handing over my son, saying, ‘‘I can’t do this anymore.’’ 
of my son, I knew something was wrong with me. I couldn’t fall asleep, or if I did, I couldn’t sleep for long. I 
also couldn’t eat. I forced down every bite of food, and I spent most of my time crying. 
there were more than 3.9 million live births in the United States, and of these births, one out of every seven mothers was affected by postpartum depression. 
Women suffering from maternal depression often report overwhelming and isolating feelings of sadness, anxiety, fear, and guilt. This can include strong feelings of anger, thoughts of death or suicide, and even negative feelings towards their babies. 
postpartum depression can become withdrawn, have behavioral problems, and have a higher risk of anxiety disorders, depression, and toxic stress. 
hundreds of thousands a year, many do not seek medical help. Many moms report that they are too embarrassed to admit their feelings or are worried they might be seen as failing or as being bad moms. It doesn’t have to be this way. The good news is that treatment works. Ninety percent of women who are going through postpartum depression can be treated effectively. 
sure new moms are not on their own when it comes to dealing with postpartum depression. The Bringing Postpartum Depression Out of the Shadows Act will offer grants to States to screen and treat new and expecting moms for maternal depression. 
made great progress, and we need to support them as they move to increase 
awareness and consolidate resources. We need to help doctors recognize the signs of postpartum depression and provide access to appropriate treatment. 
help the over 400,000 women annually who suffer from maternal depression. We need to stand up and tell moms they are not alone. Needing help does not make them bad mothers, and help is out there, but we need to make sure those who need it can get it. 
legislation and take this concrete step towards supporting healthy moms and healthy babies. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY) for 5 minutes. 
almost a year since the director of the Central Alabama Veterans Health Care System was fired after numerous reports of mismanagement and malfeasance surfaced—the missing patient x rays, the falsified records, the employee who took a veteran to a crackhouse, and the utter lack of discipline and order. 
authority granted under the VA reform law that we passed last year, and I was hopeful that this action was indicative of a new VA leadership that finally got it, that was willing to cut through the bureaucracy and make the decisions necessary to turn around failing medical centers. 
commitments to work through the system to make sure that the problems were fixed—but, Mr. Speaker, the problems were not fixed. 
Communication and coordination between various levels of management are still badly out of sync at a time when we can least afford it. It seems like, every time I think we are in a position to make real progress in central Alabama, something falls through the cracks, the ball gets dropped, an opportunity is missed. Every time, the VA leadership can point to the various layers of bureaucracy for why these problems exist—promises, excuses—but not action. 
that we have been depending on a broken bureaucracy to fix itself. I believe the problem is that we have been asking the VA leaders to intervene in this troubled system rather than requiring them to. I believe it is time to change that by breaking through the bureaucracy to get results on behalf of our precious veterans. 
continues to fail to meet basic standards? The State Department of Education steps in to take over, and it takes charge of turning the place around. 
everyone from principals and teachers to students and parents understand the consequences of the failure to improve. I believe we need a similar mechanism at the VA when medical centers continuously fail our veterans. 
Today, I am filing legislation to compel the Department of Veterans Affairs officials to intervene and take over failing VA medical centers. It is called the Failing VA Medical Center Recovery Act. 
around the worst of our healthcare centers, and it puts the responsibility for doing so squarely on the Secretary of the VA. The VA needs a team of leaders who is equipped with the expertise to identify solutions and the authority to execute them. 
teams of the best managers and medical professionals who can rapidly deploy to failing medical centers to take over and take charge. These takeover teams would be managed through the newly authorized office of failing medical centers and would have the new legal tools needed to make a difference at each location. 
is the team that no complacent VA employees want to see coming because they know that the status quo is about to get shaken up. Just like a failing school, this can 
serve as a motivation to keep performance from dropping off. Also very important is that the determination of a failing medical center will be based on data, not on the Secretary’s whim or what media attention it is garnering. My bill sets up an automatic trigger that compels the VA to act under the law. 
I am glad the Secretary used his authority to take control of the situation in Phoenix—but why not Montgomery? Why not Tuskegee? Why not come and take control of the worst and the second worst situations in our country, especially after we have repeatedly asked and have pleaded for him to do so? I am tired of asking, and that is why my bill requires the VA to step in and take charge. 
this as an attack on the VA, and it is not. It is actually a gift. Entrenched bureaucrats might hate this plan, but reformminded leaders at the VA should welcome new tools and new resources to fix medical centers and help veterans access care. 
I have spoken to many of my colleagues about this bill, and I am pleased as to how well it is being received. I look forward to working with Chairman MILLER and my colleagues 
on both sides of the aisle to move this legislation forward. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ) for 5 minutes. 
stand in recognition of the late Major General Andrew Cooley, a dear friend 
and a tremendous patriot who dedicated his life to serving our great Nation. 
he faithfully served for 38 years, leading from the front and accomplishing much along the way. His career was marked by several tours of duty at home and abroad, including the command of an Army division, and he participated in combat operations in Korea, Vietnam, Lebanon, Somalia, Bosnia, Kosovo, and Angola. 
the United States Army at the age of 17, and he went on to receive his commission after having successfully completed Officer Candidate School at Fort Benning, Georgia, in 1955, as a second lieutenant. 
served in various staff and command positions, including as the principal representative of the Department of Defense to the LebaneseIsraeli negotiations and as commanding general of the 24th Infantry Division. 
General Cooley was instrumental in instituting a forwardfocused, logistical 
many accomplishments deserve to be honored. However, his accomplishments could only be realized with the support and commitment of his wife of 57 years, Joan, and their two children, Cathleen and Caroline. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand here today humbled by the many accomplishments of a true patriot. It is my great honor to recognize the late Major General Andrew Cooley for his friendship and his service to our great Nation. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) for 5 minutes. 
this past week a Federal district court in California found that facilities built to hold illegal immigrants while immigration officials determine whether their asylum claims are valid or not were not properly operated and ordered the release of thousands of illegal immigrants within 90 days. 
fact that detention centers provide schooling for underage detainees, they still believe the facilities are insufficiently hospitable. 
address the present surge in illegal immigration last year, advocates of illegal immigration will use any avenue to expand and promote policies that entice immigrants to make dangerous journeys and put themselves under the influence of smugglers and human traffickers. 
August 3 to submit a plan for releasing the illegal immigrants within 90 days. 
Of course, the Department of Justice’s own data tells us that what will happen when these illegal immigrants are released is fully 85 percent will never show up for their immigration court hearings. 
simply be the release of thousands of illegal immigrants who have not been vetted for criminal backgrounds, outstanding warrants, or any other characteristics that should prevent the release into our society. 
questions: Why did illegal immigration advocates file a lawsuit in California rather than in Texas, where these detention facilities are located? We know why. 
the world and the home of courts like the Ninth Circuit, which most times is overturned, many times overturned at higher levels of court. They figure they could get a loose deal in California on immigration. 
advocates file a lawsuit knowing full well that the administration intends to release any detainees who provide a credible asylum request? 
Is even the most cursory review of illegal immigrants to determine whether they are dangerous to Americans too much for these attorneys? 
does this ruling simply support their goal of unrestricted immigration and policies which ensure that the vast majority of illegal immigrants who are detained are released into our country almost immediately? 
know the answer to these questions. Both the Obama administration and the lawyers who file these frivolous suits have but one interest: continued unrestricted illegal immigration that places both Americans and immigrants in danger and makes a farce of our rule of law. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) for 5 minutes. 
often to this floor to talk about community and service and the notion that, if we work to put a little less emphasis on figuring out how to control people from Washington, D.C., and a little more emphasis on trying to serve one another back home in our communities, that America will be moved in the right direction. 
that same discussion and to put a face on that conversation. For me, in north Georgia, Mr. Speaker, that face is Judy Waters. 
was known as the best hairdresser in all of Snellville. By the end of 1979, she was known as the first female ever elected to the Snellville City Council, and her path of service continued from there. 
as Snellville grew into the first suburbanfromrural community in Gwinnett County, Judy helped to navigate those challenges. Her fingerprints are on absolutely everything that you see in the foundation that has allowed Snellville to become what it is today. 
Snellville, seeing that our county was going through some of those same challenges, in 1992, Judy answered the call to serve Gwinnett County. 
commissioner seat and was sworn in in 1993 to that post. Over the 8 years that she served, Gwinnett County’s population almost doubled to 600,000 people and her hand helped to guide that development. 
County is ‘‘Gwinnett is great,’’ and Judy’s emphasis on ensuring that that was true absolutely every single day earned her the love and devotion of an entire community. But her service does not either begin 
or end with these kinds of public roles, Mr. Speaker. 
In 1992, she ran for that post. But, in 
2004, she answered the call to serve the Community Foundation for Northeast Georgia. Mr. Speaker, the motto of the Community Foundation of Northeast Georgia is ‘‘Connecting people who care with causes that matter.’’ 
Judy’s leadership, grew its assets by more than $20 million. It has plowed back into service projects in our community more than $52 million since 1985. 
Gwinnett County have been impacted in no small part due to the love, devotion, and commitment of Judy Waters. 
of the individual deeds we see in our lives are woven together to make us more than who we are. 
Judy set out early in her life to make 
sure that no one would be giving back more than she did, and she exemplifies exactly the kind of person that I am surrounded by in my community absolutely every single day. 
you give away Washington’s power and influence and return that to the community? My answer is Judy Waters. 
Mr. Speaker, no matter how wellintentioned the folks in this building are, they will never care more about my community than folks like Judy Waters do, and Judy lived that commitment every single day. 
service at the Community Foundation. Her official retirement is August 22. I want to add my heartfelt thanks to her for her decade upon decade upon decade of service. 
Judy, we are all better off and grateful for all that you have done for our community. 
off and grateful just for the opportunity to have known her. 
Mr. Speaker, there is no measurement of how many Judy Waters there are out there across the country, but there is a measure of what Judy Waters has done for our community. 
You see it in the faces of the elderly 
and you see it in young families and you see it in the children in our community systems. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ) for 5 minutes. 
week marks the 90th birthday of a great American business, Pratt & Whitney. 
and 12 machines in an old car plant in Hartford, Connecticut. Nine decades later, Pratt & Whitney employs more than 9,000 people in Connecticut and 
carried Charles Lindbergh across America, Amelia Earhart over the Atlantic, and Wiley Post around the world. 
powered half the U.S. aerial fleet. Later, Pratt & Whitney led the world in developing jet engines for iconic aircraft like the B–52, the Blackbird, and the Boeing 747. Its technology even helped power the Apollo 11 Moon lander. 
This tradition of excellence continues today. Pratt & Whitney engines built in my district provide the beating heart of the F–35 Lightning II. The company remains a key player in an industry that helps to safeguard our national security. 
& Whitney on 90 years of achievement. We thank you. To the men and women who work at Pratt & Whitney, we say again thank you for your service to our great country. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
House in all their undertakings today. You know them through and through. You know how they relate with one another and know them as the American people do, as the 114th Congress of the United States of America. 
Lord, help them to know You. As ultimate truth, send Your spirit upon them, that You might find a dwelling place among them, so that all Your people will place trust in them as leaders, as well as their Representatives. 
May all that is done this day be for 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
from Arkansas (Mr. W OMACK ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. WOMACK led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
rise to recognize one of the great companies in my district, Pratt & Whitney, who this week is celebrating their 90th anniversary. Pratt & Whitney has a plant in North 
Berwick, Maine, and nearly 1,000 of the most skilled and dedicated workers in the aerospace industry work there to build and develop highquality jet engines. 
part in the history of aviation in this country, and even today, Pratt & Whitney is still at the forefront of shaping advances in aviation. 
Their continued work on new technologies, like the geared turbofan engine, is advancing commercial aviation by reducing noise, fuel burn, and emissions like never before. I am very proud of the great work that has been done by those at Pratt & Whitney in my district for so many years. 
great company and its employees for 90 years of impressive accomplishments and to thank them for their significant efforts and contributions. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
joined 64 of my House colleagues in cosponsoring legislation that would permanently cut off taxpayer funding for abortion providers. 
Taxpayers Act, would prohibit Federal funding to any entity unless it certifies that it will not perform abortions during the period for which funding is provided, and it will not provide any funds to entities that do perform abortions. 
prohibit the use of taxpayer dollars to fund elective abortion directly, but we all understand that money is fungible. It is clear that Federal funds are supporting organizations’ entire operations and that those operations include performing elective abortions. 
the American people and would prevent taxpayers from being forced to finance thousands of elective abortions. 
human life more than elective abortion, and we, as a Nation and as a Congress, must continue to confront the systematic extermination of an entire generation of the most vulnerable among us. 
marks the 50th anniversary of the signing of the Voting Rights Act, which is a landmark piece of legislation that expanded civil rights and protected one of our most fundamental democratic 
rights, and that is the right of every person to have the right to vote. 
the Supreme Court gutted many of the Voting Rights Act’s most important protections. Since then, despite some commitments right at that moment, since then, Republican leadership has refused to allow a strengthened Voting Rights Act to come to the floor. 
we have seen more efforts to suppress votes, disenfranchising hardworking Americans; yet on the floor, we have had, at the same time, our entire appropriations process held up because of the fear of the Republicans that they may have to cast a vote on whether or not we should display the Confederate battle flag in the year 2015. 
to the floor, but our entire appropriations process is held up over the Confederate battle flag—seriously? It is 2015. Let’s bring the Voting Rights Act to the floor now. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to recognize the North Miami Future Farmers of America members for their dedication to aiding their fellow classmate, Evan Exmeyer. 
School, Evan was born with cerebral palsy. He lives on a hog and grain farm and relies on a wheelchair accessible van to transport him around his family’s land. Unfortunately, the van can’t travel to every corner of the farm, making parts of his own land inaccessible. 
with the help of our generous Hoosier community, raised $20,000 in donations to purchase and modify a UTV Gator. Thanks to their hard work, Evan has the freedom to explore all that his farm has to offer. 
lives of others demonstrated by the North Miami FFA members makes me so proud to represent Indiana’s Second District. Their dedication to public service is something to be admired by Hoosiers everywhere. 
members for serving as role models for our entire Hoosier community statewide. 
today to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid. 
For half a century, these critical programs have provided irreplaceable 
for access to quality, affordable health care, while nearly 60,000 seniors depend on Medicare to cover their healthcare costs. However, this anniversary isn’t just a time for celebration; it is also an opportunity to recommit ourselves to strengthening America’s social safety net. 
be considering meaningful solutions to the serious problems that Americans of all ages are currently facing, from the rising costs of prescription drugs to the unmet needs of our caregivers. 
Unfortunately, some prominent Republicans, including leading Presidential candidates, would have you believe that we need to phase out these important programs. That is nonsense. 
Latinos who rely on Medicare—half of them have incomes below $14,000—that we need to phase out their health care. 
for the Medicaid expansion in my home State of Arizona, and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues here in Congress to protect and improve Medicaid and Medicare for future generations. 
today, like many of my colleagues, in celebration of the 90th birthday of Pratt & Whitney. 
as an employer of 26, Pratt & Whitney has grown to employ more than 31,500 people worldwide, including some in my district, the Third District of Arkansas, at its PSD facility in Springdale. 
forefront of shaping aviation. They are not only developing breakthrough technologies, like the geared turbofan; but they are also producing critical technologies, like the F–35 engine, for our warfighters. 
number one export. That industry employees over 10,000 Arkansans, and I can say, without hesitation, that the continued economic growth of our State depends on the work and innovation of companies like Pratt & Whitney. 
vitally important work you do in the Third District and worldwide; and happy 90th birthday. 
week, trade ministers from 12 TPP countries are gathering on Maui in my 
district in what is expected to be the final negotiations of a massive trade agreement impacting 40 percent of the world’s economy. 
shut out of this trade deal when Congress passed fasttrack authority legislation, these negotiations continue, as we speak, in a shroud of secrecy, with the American people reliant on sites like WikiLeaks as they seek information about how this agreement will impact us. 
The people of Hawaii and all Americans are rightfully concerned about how this trade deal will impact our jobs, our families, our economy, our environment, and our Nation’s sovereignty. 
know what is in this deal and to have a say in what happens. How can a genuine public debate occur on a deal as monumental as this when no one knows what is in it? It is hard to imagine a deal more demanding of transparency. 
world are gathering tomorrow on Maui to protest this secret deal. They are sick and tired of multinational corporations benefiting on the broken backs of working class Americans, and they will not stop until their voices are heard. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize a very valued member of my staff and the staff of my predecessor, Congressman Jim Gerlach, as she embarks on a new adventure in the private sector. 
constituents of Pennsylvania’s Sixth Congressional District. By the time I was elected to serve in January, I knew well of her reputation as a tireless, impactful, and caring worker; and I was very grateful when she decided to continue her role in my office. 
constituents across my district and hear high praise for her work. Just recently, I received an email from Sandra in Glenmoore, who had this to say: 
me. I believe she went above and beyond normal responsibilities to resolve this issue for our family. Thanks to her and your office. 
member who worked diligently every day to solve constituents’ difficult problems with the Federal bureaucracy. Her high level of skill, combined with her warm and cheerful personality, made her an indispensable part of our team. 
Julz, while we are saddened in one respect by your departure, given your exemplary and effective constituent service, we deeply appreciate your service 
and are excited that an opportunity arose that will benefit you and your two children. 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to talk about an imaginary world that many of my Republicans, I believe, are living in. 
many of us think of with fond thoughts of our childhoods. It is an imaginary place where anything is possible and innocence lasts forever. 
is operating under some sort of a nevernever land that neither reflects our best nor our brightest. It is a Neverland in which House leaders think we can build and reconstruct bridges, roads, and highways without the funding to do so. How do you do that? It sounds like nevernever land to me. 
How else do you explain 32 or—I forget—34 patches—shortterm extensions—since the Federal authorization ran out 7 years ago, thus continuing to kick the can down the road? How is it possible to keep hard working individuals employed or to maintain the safety of our roads and transit systems if we are not providing the longterm funding to do so to match both State and local funding? It is not possible. Once again, we are going to see another patch for 2 months—kicking this can down the road. 
American public is frustrated with. This is America’s Congress. We can, we must, and we should do better. 
honor John K. Coutant, who passed away on June 19, 2015, at the young age of 69. 
John was the quintessential community servant. Born in Kingston in 1945, he graduated from Kingston High School and Dutchess Community College. He worked in the automobile industry for several decades, including founding Kingston Auto Supply and being recognized twice for having the top sales in the country. Very active in the community, John also served in several organizations and on the town board. 
left his greatest mark. His vision for a better town led to many accomplishments, including solar energy projects at the town hall and the landfill. 
John’s outstanding reputation and popularity was a direct result of always being there for any constituent in need and of his inclusive style of governance of giving every citizen a voice. 
I am proud to have had the opportunity to know and work with John. He leaves behind an impressive legacy of service that has made his community a better place to live. May God bless John Coutant and his entire family. 
today to thank the first responders and volunteers who worked tirelessly in a town called Cameron, Illinois—population, 600. 
small town that measures only six blocks by seven blocks. While the storm caused widespread property damage, good people from across the region rushed in to help Cameron recover. 
last week when I toured the damage. Their generosity, bravery, and willingness to help their neighbors gives me hope that this community will rebuild again and be stronger than ever. I spoke with one family whose home was damaged. There was a little child there whose bike had been swept away in the storm. A first responder, in seeing this small child crying, bought a bicycle to replace it for him. 
My heart goes out to all of these families who were impacted by this terrible tornado; and I want to thank our brave and generous first responders and volunteers who have poured their time, energy, and love into this town called Cameron, Illinois. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Planned Parenthood must be defunded. Taxpayers should no longer fund inhumane actions. 
Between sips of red wine, a top official with the organization shares the dark nature of their work of altering abortion procedures to better harvest body parts. In another, after talking about the price for body parts, an official muses of buying a Lamborghini. In yet another, human dissection, geared toward harvesting body parts, is exposed. 
of ultrasound during pregnancy when a mother considers abortion, yet uses ultrasound to guide the harvesting of body parts. 
Such disregard for life. I am not only disgusted but am very 
saddened, and so are millions of Americans. Is nothing off limits? Is nothing sacred? This is why I have long cosponsored legislation to defund Planned Parenthood, but we must do more. This body is obligated to investigate wrongdoings. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
right to vote is the bedrock principle of our democracy. It is something to be cherished and held sacred. 
struggle or without sacrifice, the Voting Rights Act moved us step by step beyond the disenfranchisement that held entire segments of our population voiceless for far too long. But today, as we approach its 50th anniversary, the strides we have made through that historic legislation are at risk. 
Court overturned a critical safeguard enacted in the VRA, many of our most vulnerable citizens—some who were on the front lines of this fight for decades—were again pushed to the sidelines of our democracy. 
this Congress by House Republican leadership, we are not just standing passively by as the voices of voters go unheard; we are actively walking backwards along the march towards civil rights—step by step, day by day. 
It is time to pass the Voter Empowerment Act and make good on our promise, one that has made us a model for young democracies around the world—that every vote counts, that every voice matters, and that all of our citizens have a right to vote. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today because I am outraged that government agencies like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau have denied public participation to allow consumers and businessowners to comment on regulations that directly impact them. 
In 2013, the CFPB implemented guidance that would prevent families and individuals from obtaining auto financing discounts. This guidance not only affects the American auto industry and the hundreds of hard working auto dealers in the Granite State, but it also affects Granite State families and individuals—for example, the young couple in Manchester who is struggling to afford a new minivan to accommodate a growing family or, for example, the startup logistics company in Conway that is wishing to add another truck to its fleet to grow its business. Congress created the CFPB to protect consumers, not to hurt them. If the CFPB really cares about developing policies that are truly in the best interests of consumers, it should amend its guidance and be more transparent. 
bipartisan bill to rein in the CFPB’s overreach and to merely bring more transparency, accountability, and clarity to the formal rulemaking process. H.R. 1737 will reverse this misguided CFPB indirect auto financing guidance and will allow the public’s voice to be heard. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, the charter for the U.S. ExportImport Bank has been expired now for almost a month because Congress did not act. 
Because of that, thousands of American small businesses have been unilaterally disarmed in the battle for export financed business. Meanwhile, 85 foreign export credit agencies continue to help companies from their countries finance their exports. They are helping their small businesses while ours are disadvantaged. 
to work, then we are going to needlessly hurt hundreds of thousands of American jobs. It is time to stop the political bickering and to pass these important bills. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to any nuclear deal with Iran. 
a state that cannot be trusted. The current deal rewards its bad behavior while compromising our national and global security. 
As a result of this deal, Iran will receive billions of dollars in sanctions relief that will, undoubtedly, be used to wreak havoc on its region of the world. This economic boost will make it much more likely that Iran will actually try and carry out its often repeated threat to wipe Israel off the map. 
cannot support any deal that threatens its security. Just last weekend, Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei gave a speech that Iranians responded to with chants of ‘‘death to America’’ and 
believe that Iran could be trusted to play by any agreed upon rules? 
I stand by Israel. I am completely opposed to this deal, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it as well. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Raechel and Jacqueline Houck were tragically killed in California when their rented Chrysler PT Cruiser crashed and caught fire due to a safety defect that was under recall. 
allows recalled cars to be rented without being repaired, which is why I have introduced H.R. 2198, the Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act, so as to close this gap and prohibit the renting of vehicles that are subject to safety recalls. 
rental companies and consumer safety groups as well as by General Motors and Honda, yet Chrysler and Ford continue to oppose this bill for unclear reasons. Chrysler’s opposition is particularly troubling considering this week’s announcement that NHTSA is imposing a record $105 million fine and vehicle buyback requirement on Chrysler for its failure to adequately fix recalled vehicles or to notify vehicle owners in a timely manner. 
Chrysler’s recall problems, it would at least ensure that American families who rent Chryslers this summer will know they are safe. This is a commonsense idea. I hope Chrysler voices its support for the bill and helps me bring it to the House floor soon for a vote. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
talk to small businesses in Minnesota about what their biggest challenges are, one of the top concerns they mention is of the regulations coming from Washington. For these small employers, unnecessary regulations and bureaucratic red tape make it difficult to expand and create jobs. 
which the House will be voting on this afternoon. The concept is simple: If a government agency proposes a regulation that will have a significant economic impact, Congress should have to sign off on it. With an average of 10 new regulations a day, smallbusiness owners are spending more time on paperwork and less time on their businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, with our sluggish economic recovery and anemic growth, there is no doubt that we have to get 
the engine of our economy going and small businesses moving again. That means passing the REINS Act today. 
today to congratulate Pratt & Whitney on its recent milestone of having been incorporated for over 90 years. This is truly a remarkable achievement. 
I am proud to represent the employees of Pratt & Whitney’s Dallas Airfoil Repair Operations facility in the city of Grand Prairie, and I am very proud to have those manufacturing jobs there. I am very proud that aviation has come a long way since Pratt & Whitney’s development of the air cooled Wasp engine in 1925. Its passion for excellence continues today as it produces the engine for the revolutionary F–35 Joint Strike Fighter. 
aviation that Pratt & Whitney have developed over the last 90 years have helped make our Nation stronger, and they have kept our men and women in uniform safer. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I stand here today mourning Mayci Breaux and Jillian Johnson, buried yesterday by their families following the horrific killings in Louisiana. Yesterday we had a moment of silence to convey our respect and our prayers. 
failed the American people with our broken mental health system. How many more people have to die before we take action? 
is 15 times less likely to be violent when receiving proper treatment. Over the last 10 years, we have more suicides, more drug overdose deaths. 
with a jail cell, the homeless shelter, and the cemetery. We cannot be silent anymore. 
Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646, provides treatment before tragedy through comprehensive reforms. 
silence, but let it move us to comprehensive action. Otherwise, our passivity makes us partners to these tragedies. 
but to speak up. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor H.R. 2646. PRATT & WHITNEY 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I join my other colleagues from Arkansas, Maine, and Texas, who have stood here today in recognition of Pratt & Whitney aircraft. 
headquarters for Pratt & Whitney aircraft is in East Hartford, Connecticut, where we keep the eagle flying. 
Second World War, my brother, all worked at Pratt & Whitney aircraft. It continues to be not only the arsenal for democracy for this great Nation of ours, but a center of innovation and technology where we not only keep the eagle flying, but we also provide opportunities for jobs well beyond these 90 years. 
Pratt & Whitney alone, as a corporation, provides an education for every single one of its employees and not only pays for that education, it buys them the books and provides the time off to study so they can continue to do what they have always done, build dependable engines and be an excellent model of corporate behavior and continue to keep the eagle flying both in this country and around the globe. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to remember the life of one of the best men I have ever known, Bob Brewsaugh, who passed away over the weekend at the age of 76. 
9:6: He who sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, but he who sows bountifully will also reap bountifully. 
He was a lifelong farmer and a loving father and grandfather. Most importantly, Bob Brewsaugh was a man of God. 
with kindness and respect, whether as a Sunday School teacher at Sandusky United Methodist Church or as a county councilman or in his daily work on the farm. 
Bob tilled the land. He sowed bountifully. As a consequence, he reaped a blessed and bountiful life. 
Bob’s wife, Carolyn; his two kids, Scott and Mandy; my brother, Richie; all Bob’s grandkids; and the entire extended Brewsaugh family. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
honor of the 2015 Special Olympic World Games and to pay tribute to all who are participating in this wonderful event happening right now in my hometown of Los Angeles. 
Saturday in the Memorial Coliseum. I was honored to attend as a member of the Presidential Delegation, led by our First Lady Michelle Obama. 
representing 165 countries will compete in 254 competitions, supported by 30,000 volunteers and an anticipated 500,000 spectators, making this the largest sports and humanitarian event anywhere in the world this year and the single biggest event in Los Angeles since we hosted the 1984 Olympic Games. 
event. For almost 50 years, the Special Olympics has showcased the skills and accomplishments of people with intellectual disability and helped foster the acceptance and inclusion of all people. 
all of the participants in this 2015 World Games. 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to remember a man who was a veteran, a volunteer, a devoted Christian, and a man who was dedicated to helping others. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember John Milton Chalmers, or ‘‘Jack’’ Chalmers, of Pinellas County, Florida. 
his sleep on July 20 at the C.W. Bill Young VA Medical Center at the age of 81. 
to the United States when he was 15 years old. He later graduated college with a degree in engineering and served in the U.S. Army. 
lover, Mr. Chalmers’ life was marked by helping others. As a member of Northside Baptist Church, Mr. Chalmers volunteered in the food pantry and worked as a veterinarian assistant after retiring. 
Central Pinellas Republican Club and a member of the Pinellas County Republican Executive Committee. With a brilliant mind and as someone who was always striving to give back, Mr. Chalmers was a man who led by example. 
join me in remembering and honoring Jack Chalmers, a very dear and gentle soul, a dear friend of mine, and a man who will be missed by so many. May God forever bless Jack, and may God bless those who loved him dearly. VOTER EMPOWERMENT ACT AND 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
6 will mark the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. It has stood for a half a century as the great guardian of America’s right to vote. 
Court dismantled key protections within the act. Making matters worse since, Republicans in Congress have refused to restore the protections and bring up a renewed and strengthened Voting Rights Act. 
Today the right to vote is under coordinated attack around the country. States and localities are passing laws that restrict the right to vote, making it harder for young people, disabled Americans, and people of color to participate in our democracy. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be a cosponsor of the Voter Empowerment Act and the Voting Rights Advancement Act. I call on my Republican colleagues to join Democrats and pass a renewed, strengthened VRA and ensure the ballot box belongs to every American. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to applaud the outstanding accomplishments of Georgia Military College, an outstanding academic institution in Milledgeville, Georgia, that recently achieved a 100 percent graduation rate and exceeded the State and national averages for the SAT and ACT. 
commitment to deliver a highquality education and for their support of all students to reach their true academic potential. They have an unprecedented 97 percent graduating class enrolled in postsecondary institutions. 
Georgia Military College has also distinguished itself by improving its students’ individual wellbeing and putting character above all. 
higher test scores and academic performance. Students are more equipped to enter the workforce and are better prepared to contribute to society. 
winning two State championships in varsity softball and varsity girls track this past year. 
join me in congratulating Georgia Military College students, their faculty, staff, and president, Lieutenant General William B. Caldwell, for their remarkable scholastic and athletic achievements. 
honor, and country, they empower students to reach new heights. I am deeply 
honored to have Georgia Military College in Georgia’s 10th District. 
I come before you today to congratulate Pratt & Whitney for their 90 years of excellence in aviation. 
Because of those determined and innovative founders, Pratt & Whitney has become a leader in aviation innovation, such as their groundbreaking development of the aircooled Wasp engine. 
Even today the power behind Lockheed Martin’s F–35 Lightning II aircraft comes from a Pratt & Whitney engine. 
engine center calls Columbus, Georgia, home, but more proud of the investment they have made in the community. The Columbus plant employs 1,026 highly skilled employees to refurbish jet engines and brings in over $750 million a year. 
I have no doubt that Pratt & Whitney’s impressive accomplishments and milestones will continue on for another 90 years. Their commitment to producing highquality and dependable engines help keep our servicemen and women in the air safe. 
We are fortunate to have their support for our local economy and look forward to many more years of their business in our great State. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues, we have an opportunity in the next 48 hours to do three good things: 
It is irresponsible, but we have not already done so. 
Administration has sufficient funds to keep our VA hospitals serving our veterans. 
Three, make sure that we are competitive with the rest of the world by adopting the Fincher amendment and providing for ExIm Bank’s ability to create jobs and to make us competitive worldwide. 
wanted to allow this House to work its will. Sixtyfive Members of the United States Senate voted to keep the ExIm Bank in business for America and for American jobs. 
There are, in my opinion, Mr. Speaker, at least 240 votes on this floor to pass the Fincher amendment, which is the KirkHeitkamp amendment in the Senate. 
will. Let’s keep America competitive with the rest of the world. Let’s adopt the ExportImport Bank, send it to the Senate, have them send it to the President, and help save American jobs. 
Let us do all three of those worthwhile objectives that the American people support. b1245 
OF H.R. 427, REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECUTIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 30, 2015, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 7, 2015; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 380 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
period from July 30, 2015, through September 7, 2015— 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
the legislative day of July 30, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
rule XIII for a twothirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution reported through the legislative day of July 30, 2015. 
receive Pope Francis on September 24, 2015, only the following persons shall be admitted to the Hall of the House or rooms leading thereto: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time is yielded for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on House Resolution 380, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring this rule forward on behalf of the Committee on Rules. This rule provides for a robust amendment debate on an issue of critical national importance. This rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 
427, the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015. 
measure yesterday evening and heard testimony from both the chairman and the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial, and Antitrust Law of the Committee on the Judiciary, in addition to receiving amendment testimony. 
committee is a structured rule. There were 18 amendments total submitted to the Committee on Rules. Of those submitted, I am pleased to say that the full House will debate and vote on 10 of those amendments. 
regular order in the committee. During the committee markup, eight amendments were debated and voted on, including one I offered and that the committee had actually agreed to. 
This rule provides for 1 hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member of the Committee on the Judiciary. I appreciate the hard work of the Committee on the Judiciary Chairman, BOBGOODLATTE , and his full committee 
underlying legislation because, when we reform our Nation’s regulatory system, we will jumpstart the engine of our economy; and when our economy gets up and going, our families flourish. 
produce more than 60 of every day? Here is a hint: It is not jobs. The answer lies in the heart of many woes facing small businesses and established industries. 
What they produce every day is regulations. The goal of any regulation should be to achieve a benefit that would not be possible without it, designed in such a fashion that the achieved benefit far outweighs the cost, but our administration has lost sight of this goal, and America’s economic engine is paying the price. 
Our current Federal Government designs regulations that are often unnecessary and achieve little to no benefit, but at very high cost. The rules have become so skewed that this administration’s regulators are at war with American businesses. 
technology are fighting to compete in a global market, but first, they must survive the regulatory beast that is strangling innovation and growth. 
through regulation yet decries the REINS Act and calls it an unprecedented requirement. When you circumvent Congress and exploit the rulemaking process in order to, one, make law and, two, make law in contradiction to the wishes and needs of the American people, you should expect unprecedented responses. 
the first 7 days of 2015—the administration unveiled 300 new rules. Over the 
Memorial Day weekend, the administration quietly published the spring 2015 Unified Agenda of Federal Regulations. What it contained was so disheartening to the American people and so destructive to small business that it didn’t go unnoticed. 
departments and agencies have 3,260 rules in the midst right now of the rulemaking process. Unfortunately, it is not just the sheer number of regulations that is astounding; it is also the oppressive cost. 
is predicted to be one of the costliest regulations ever put forward, the EPA’s national ozone standard. A recent analysis found the cost of this one regulation to be upwards of $140 billion. It will cost my home State of Georgia over 11,000 jobs. 
The administration is committed to ensuring that regulations are smart and effective and tailored to further the statutory goals in the most costeffective and efficient manner. 
This is the statement from the administration on why they oppose H.R. 427. 
I cannot believe that a single regulation promulgated by this administration with $140 billion of cost was put forward in the most costeffective manner, and a regulation costing 11,000 jobs in Georgia alone is hardly smart. The Statement of Administration Policy also claims that the underlying legislation would create business uncertainty. 
use the infamous pen and phone to actually ask businesses what creates uncertainty for them because, when small businesses across the country came to Congress last week as part of National Federation of Independent Business lobbying day, their top legislative priority was regulatory relief. These are smallbusiness owners who sat with us and said: Here is what we are facing in trying to get people jobs. 
works by this administration create the uncertainty, not this body’s effort to require agencies to submit the most costly regulations to Congress for approval. The underlying bill applies only to regulations with a $100 million impact or greater. 
this administration’s regulators—or any administration’s regulators for that matter. They elect us in this body to represent them. This bill allows us to do so properly. 
has failed the American people. The REINS Act is the first step toward restoring proper order and even sanity toward our regulatory framework. 
The administration states that Executive Order No. 13563 requires careful costbenefit analysis, but they don’t explain why only 7 rules out of the thousands had costbenefit analysis in 2013 and only 14 rules had that in 2012. This administration’s regulators 
have stated publicly that they are not going to sit around and wait for Congress—so much for respecting the powers enshrined in our Constitution and, thus, the reason that we need this legislation and why this rule should be approved. 
the gentleman from Georgia for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, 2 legislative days—really a dayandahalf now—remain before Congress recesses for 5 weeks. Here we are, yet again, considering a piece of partisan legislation designed to fill up floor time, which has little to no chance at all of becoming law. 
It is unconscionable that the majority continues to waste legislators’ and the American people’s time with bills such as the Regulation from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act—they really do name things nice around here, the REINS Act—when critically important work is left to be done. 
Just a few moments ago, the minority whip spoke to three issues; I include them in my commentary, but largely, one that all of us ought be interested in is the highway trust fund, which will become insolvent on August 1 if those of us sent here to Washington to govern do not come up with a solution. 
eliminating corporate tax loopholes to ensure that we have the money to fund projects to repair our Nation’s deteriorating roads and bridges, House Republicans passed yet another shortterm patch that the Senate has refused to take up. The majority’s dysfunction and inability to govern is having a real impact on hardworking Americans. 
Today marks the 204th day of the Republicanled 114th Congress. In the nearly 6 months that have passed, the majority has compromised the financial security of American companies by failing to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank’s charter; avoided passing a longterm transportation and infrastructure bill; passed pointless legislation designed to cut critical funding from local police departments and communities in lieu of taking up comprehensive immigration reform; refused, they did, to bring up the student loan refinancing bill; and perhaps most abhorrent to some of us, voted four times in support of the Confederate battle flag, a symbol of hate and intolerance that has no place on any of our public lands. 
congressional recess should be spent debating and voting on the important issues that our constituents sent us here to address—as an example, restoring the Voting Rights Act, bolstering our economy through a longterm highway bill, and guaranteeing that jobs are created and sustained. 
partisan measure that Republican leadership has selected for consideration, despite its clear constitutional violations and with the knowledge that it stands an almost certain Presidential veto. 
are spending precious time on this bill. We already have the power to disapprove proposed rules; we have the power to limit delegations of authorities to agencies; we have the power to control the appropriations; and we have the power to stay the effect of specific rules and hold oversight hearings. It seems to me that, in addition to these tools being quite powerful, they also comply with the doctrine of separation of powers and, therefore, have the added benefit of being constitutional. 
Houses of Congress to approve every major rule, many of which are highly technical ones authored by experts such as scientists, physicians, engineers, and economists. 
Congress to hold the hearings and conduct the research necessary to weigh in on these complicated matters. The individuals tasked with making these difficult regulatory decisions are certainly more qualified than most, if not all of us here in this room, and it is for this precise reason that Congress wisely delegated this regulatory authority to such experts. 
permit industry representatives with deep pockets to have an overwhelming influence on whether major rules go into effect, it will make it nearly impossible for agencies to implement rules regulating consumer health and product safety, environmental protections, workplace safety, and financial services industry misconduct. The enactment of this legislation would, in my opinion, do immeasurable disservice to the American people. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the good gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ), a member 
asked a rhetorical question. He said: Why spend precious time on this? And here is the reply: Because our constituents’ time is precious. Our constituents’ time in trying to comply with regulations is precious. 
you a little bit of a history, Mr. Speaker, about my understanding of the genesis of the REINS Act. It is interesting from a process point of view and a substance point of view. 
From a process point of view, my understanding is that this came out of a townhall meeting that was hosted and sponsored by our former colleague, Congressman Geoff Davis from Kentucky. He gathered a group of people together and, as I understand the story, one of the constituents raised 
his hand and he posed this question. He said: Congressman, how is it possible that the Environmental Protection Agency is contemplating a rule that is so controversial it couldn’t pass Congress? How is that even conceivable under our governance structure that unelected bureaucrats are able to accomplish something that the elected Representatives of the people have said ‘‘no’’ to? 
thoughtful way began to take that in. Out of it, he began to work with other people and put together the REINS Act, Regulations From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny, that says this. It says that over the years, one of the weaknesses of Congress is that this institution has delegated too much responsibility to executive agencies. That is at the base of what we are talking about. This is an issue of delegated authority. And since it was Congress’ mistake in terms of atrophying its authority over a period of time, the remedy then falls on Congress to reclaim that authority. 
proposing that we support this rule around H.R. 427, and it says this: If there is a regulation that has more than a $100 million impact on the economy, then that regulation ought not be foisted on the economy without discussion and approval by elected Representatives in Congress. 
that is out there as it relates to this. I haven’t heard it on the floor today, but I might hear it if we continue to listen to the debate, particularly during the amendment process and so forth. 
straw man argument is: If you are in favor of the REINS Act, then you don’t want any regulations whatsoever. You want the Wild West, where only the strong survive. That is a straw man. That is ridiculous. 
are going to have a regulation, it ought to be thoughtful, it ought to be well structured, it ought to be well debated, and it ought not be a bureaucrat sitting on the seventh floor of a gray building on Independence Avenue that is pursuing an agenda—and haven’t we seen plenty of that, by the way—pursuing an agenda, an agenda that couldn’t pass this place, an agenda that 218 Members of the House of Representatives and a majority of the Senate are not going to support, but an agenda that a bureaucrat with a political agenda and so forth is trying to move forward. 
According to the Competitive Enterprise Institute, the annual cost of complying with government regulations is $1.8 trillion. Think about the downward pressure of that. 
saying—and other supporters of this— is let’s take President Obama’s admonition to the Congress and his admonition to the public, and let’s take those words at face value. 
oped in The Wall Street Journal. He said that overregulation ‘‘stifles innovation’’ and has a ‘‘chilling effect on growth and jobs.’’ Absolutely, that is true. That statement is true. 
the Union address that same week that the oped was published in The Wall Street Journal, January 2011, ‘‘To reduce barriers to growth and investment . . . when we find rules that put an unnecessary burden on business, we will fix them.’’ 
remedy. We have got the way to fix that. 
I will tell you, I represent a constituency, Mr. Speaker, in suburban Chicago, as you know, and so, with frequency, I am out talking to businesses, getting in there. I represent a lot of manufacturers. I represent a lot of financial services companies. I represent a lot of food production, transportation, insurance, and other things. 
what the nature of the challenge is, they will tell you. But what is interesting is the consistency of the feeling of pressure that they feel as it relates to a regulatory burden. 
So the good news is we can do something about that, and the good news is we can vote ‘‘aye’’ on the rule and we can vote ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 427, the REINS Act. 
very pleased at this time to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), a very good friend 
of mine and the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
in opposition to the rule on H.R. 427, and I thank my friend for yielding. 
This bill is the very definition of political legislation and serves absolutely no purpose in ensuring better rules. This legislation accomplishes nothing, aside from slowing down the administrative rulemaking process and giving Congress the power to shoot down any action that this majority doesn’t like. 
congressional approval prior to enactment, the only surefire achievement of this legislation is a longer rulemaking process, not a better one. 
Let me humor my Republican colleagues and try to give them the benefit of the doubt. They claim that this bill is about requiring Federal agencies to be more transparent in their actions. They want reports on how rules impact the Federal budget. But why should transparency only be limited to the budget? If transparency is the gold standard, why aren’t we demanding reports on how these rules impact our most vulnerable and atrisk citizens? If we are striving for transparency, let’s be transparent about all things. 
Yesterday, I submitted an amendment to address this point. But unsurprisingly, this rule does not allow my amendment to be considered. This proves yet again that this Republican majority cares more about protecting industry than protecting our people or our planet. 
have required the administration to report to Congress on the greenhouse gas emission impacts associated with any proposed rule and what any proposed rule’s impacts are on lowincome communities in this country. 
The overwhelming scientific consensus is that climate change is real. No matter how often industry and many of my Republican colleagues try convince us that we have nothing to worry about, no matter how much manufactured science they gin up to create doubt, climate change is real. 
forced to justify their rulemaking to Congress, let’s make sure they include climate impacts in their justifications. The same goes for how the rules impact our poor communities. Why are people less important than Big Business? 
negative impacts felt by these populations by changing the definition of what constitutes a major rule to include any rule that increases the health risks among lowincome communities, period. But apparently those concerns don’t warrant a vote on the House floor. 
amendment on climate change and environmental justice says more about the underlying legislation than any speech you will hear today. 
This is about House Republicans wanting to put their finger on the scale to benefit corporations at the expense of the health and safety of the American people and, yes, our planet. 
This is a bad rule and it is protecting 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3064, a comprehensive, 6year surface transportation bill that is partially paid for by restricting U.S. companies from using socalled inversion to shrink their tax obligations. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
DENHAM ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I won’t 
belabor things by talking about that, but I have to say the previous question makes an awful lot of sense for us to do a 6year plan. People in our States and in our localities are looking to us to 
give them some certainty. I hear this all the time from colleagues on both sides of the aisle. For us not to do that, to me, is extremely troubling; and, I believe, in the long haul, it is harmful to the economy of this country. 
transportation bill, and I genuinely believe most Members in the House of Representatives, Republican and Democrat, feel the same way. 
with being clever, I will give the majority that. But let me tell you that we really need to rein in around here. We need to rein in a Republicanled Congress that will no longer bring the remaining appropriations bills to the floor because it is more dedicated to seeing the Confederate flag fly high. I really don’t understand that. 
we had the Interior measure going forward. Someone complained, rightly, about the Confederate flag in public places. 
All of a sudden, the Interior Appropriations and any other appropriations went away. I predict that we will probably wind up with a continuing resolution, rather than doing the work that the American people sent us here to do, and that is to complete the appropriations or remaining bills. 
reining in a Republicanled Congress that says it wants to help small businesses and then makes sure to let the ExportImport Bank charter expire. 
am privileged to serve, alone, $964,000 in lost business and lost jobs will occur with three companies that depend on the ExportImport Bank. 
We need to rein in a Republican Congress that constantly attempts to undermine a healthcare law. I have forgotten now; most of us can’t even remember how many times we have voted to repeal portions of or all of the Affordable Care provision which is in effect now—5 years—and we are still having these sideline votes that are going nowhere. 
millions of American citizens the opportunity to access affordable health care—and somebody please tell me what is wrong with that. 
and I remember, as if it were yesterday, that then President Ronald Reagan said that it would have a severe impact on the American economy—in other words, to paraphrase, that the sky was going to fall. 
we have seen the benefits to literally hundreds of millions of Americans who rely upon Medicare, and we demonstrably have seen its positive. 
Affordable Care Act, that what is happening is Medicare is now having diminution of its costs, which is necessary to rein in the cost of health care in this 
vote ‘‘no’’ and to defeat the previous question. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it has been said—and we have moved beyond the old adage many times—if it moves, regulate it; or, if it exists, to regulate it. 
because it is time for Washington to focus on creating a regulatory system that is flexible, allowing the market to decide the optimal path to implementation. 
unambiguous, seeking to minimize the uncertainty facing industries and small businesses, and we must encourage innovation and bringing new products and processes not only to market, but to office places everywhere. Outdated regulations should be cleared off of the books, especially those created by those unelected. 
have, listening to the arguments—what is amazingly—from our side, I have wanted to talk about regulation and the overreach of many of our branches; the gentleman from Illinois brought it up tremendously, and I have talked about this in the Ninth District of Georgia, where I am from—is that, for many years, I believe Congress decided, for whatever reason, it was much easier to give to agencies to promulgate rules and regulations. They said it is much easier. 
floor today that we don’t have the expertise, and it is much better to do it offsite. I just tend to find that is wrong. 
ability to listen to those experts, to listen to those opinions, and then provide something that unelected bureaucrats do not, and that is have the people who elect us, whom we face every time we go home—when I go to the grocery store, when I go to the ball games, when I go to my church, when I go to the places that I go to and they ask me questions, then they are holding their elected official accountable—then we take that, and we balance that to make good decisions for all, in our districts and in our country. 
of the arguments made today have nothing to do—there are many things we could debate here today, but we are here to debate—by the way, I will just remind everybody—the rule for the REINS Act, not the plethora of other things that would be want to, could have done, should have done—we are here on the issue of regulatory reform. We are here on the REINS Act. 
Frankly, if I was part of this administration who wants to create this sort of entrenched Federal bureaucracy, I wouldn’t want to talk about regulatory reform either. I would want to talk about anything else. I would want to 
burden that keeps crushing down from Washington on smallbusiness owners. 
argument that did come up, that if you really, really, really want this, undoubtedly, you are really, really, really just wanting to protect big businesses and make dirty—from our perspective, I have heard it before, decrease regulations so that people are put in harm’s way or that the environment is worse off. 
The reality is that is an old argument and really just needs to go away. I come from the Ninth District of Georgia, in my humble opinion, one of the prettiest places in all the world. Our farmers, our residents all enjoy the clean air. They enjoy the greatness of what we have and the businesses that are a part there and the regulations that, when rightly controlled, help us achieve that American Dream. 
or even talking against it, would want to actually say: I am voting for this because I want to actually pick up a glass of water that is tainted and drink it, or I want to make it worse for somebody else. 
says let’s bring forward some fiscal sanity and regulatory sanity. Let’s put it back in perspective. 
when the Founders put it out there, was based on the fact of having the Executive to carry out the laws, the Congress to make those laws, and the judicial branch to interpret those laws. Our country works best when that is in alignment. 
it back into alignment. Let’s take the REINS Act, let’s take this step toward bringing some certainty for our businesses because, at the end of the day, when our businesses have certainty, it does affect the people. 
a brick wall somewhere, those business names that we want to talk about business. It is about those people who get in their cars in their neighborhoods and their apartments and their townhomes, and they drive to a place of work, or they walk to their place of work, and they make a paycheck; they earn a living so that they can do the things that I believe that they have wanted to prosper in and to take care of their families and to move that American Dream forward in their life. 
It is up to this building to look after 
them. It is up to what the Republican majority is putting forward to say: We 
care about all Americans; we care about their ability to earn a living; we care about their growth, and we care about their safety. 
way is the way to do that. I will always stand on that side. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 380 O FFERED BY  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
question is on ordering the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on adopting House Resolution 380, if ordered; and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 675. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 240, nays 167, not voting 26, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart 
Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus 
Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating 
Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. 
Richmond Royce Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) Wasserman 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN REMEMBRANCE OF MEM BERS OF ARMED FORCES AND THEIR FAMILIES  
Chair would ask all present to rise for the purpose of a moment of silence. 
observe a moment of silence in remembrance of our brave men and women in uniform who have given their lives in the service of our Nation in Iraq and Afghanistan and their families, and of all who serve in our Armed Forces and their families. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 240, noes 167, not voting 26, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn 
Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 675) to increase, effective as of December 1, 2015, the rates of compensation for veterans with service connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 409, nays 0, not voting 24, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne 
Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee 
Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) Wasserman 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to increase, effective as of December 1, 2015, the rates of compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, to improve the processing of claims by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.’’. 
REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECUTIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2015 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H.R. 427. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 380 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 427. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, with Mr. MARCHANT in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
Georgia (Mr. J OHNSON ) each will control 30 minutes. 
role in ensuring that our Nation finally achieves a full economic recovery and retains its competitive edge in the global marketplace. Congress must advance progrowth policies that create jobs and restore economic prosperity for families and businesses across the Nation, and it must make sure that the administration and its regulatory apparatus are held accountable to the American people. 
suffering under mountains of endlessly growing, bureaucratic red tape; and the uncertainty about the cost of upcoming regulations discourages employers from hiring new employees and expanding their businesses. Excessive regulation means higher prices, lower wages, fewer jobs, less economic growth, and a less competitive America. 
over $3 trillion from Federal taxation and regulation. In fact, our Federal regulatory burden is larger than the 2014 gross domestic product of all but the top nine countries in the world. That burden adds up to $15,000 per American household, nearly 30 percent of the average household income in 2014. 
for far too long. But the Obama administration, instead of fixing the problem, knows only one response: increase taxes, increase spending, and increase regulation. 
The results have painfully demonstrated a simple truth: America cannot tax, spend, and regulate its way to economic recovery, economic growth, and durable prosperity for the American people. 
the economic weakness the Obama administration has produced. In the June 2015 jobs report, the number of unemployed workers, workers who can only find parttime jobs and workers who are now only marginally attached to the labor force, stood at 10.8 percent. They number over 16 million Americans. 
rate remains at lows not seen since the Carter administration, and the median household income still is below the level achieved before the financial crisis. 
The contrast between America’s current condition and the recovery Ronald Reagan achieved is particularly stark. 
Fourandahalf years after the recession began in 1981 the Reagan administration, through policies opposite to the Obama administration’s, had achieved a recovery that created 7.8 million more jobs than when the recession began. Real per capita gross domestic product rose by $3,091. Real median household income rose by 7.7 percent. 
REINS Act is one of the simplest, clearest, and most powerful measures we can adopt. The level of new major regulation the Obama administration has issued and plans to issue is without modern precedent. 
Testimony before the Judiciary Committee during recent Congresses has plainly shown the connection between skyrocketing levels of regulation and declining levels of jobs and growth. 
an upordown vote by the people’s representatives in Congress before any new major regulation—defined in the bill generally as a rule that has an effect on the economy of at least $100 million—can be imposed on our economy. 
It does not prohibit new major regulation. It simply establishes the principle ‘‘No major regulation without representation.’’ 
directly accountable to the American people, to approve or deny major regulations proposed by the administration, the REINS Act provides Congress and, ultimately, the people with a much needed tool to check the oneway cost ratchet that Washington’s regulatory bureaucrats too often turn. 
During the 113th and 112th Congresses, the REINS Act was passed by the full House of Representatives multiple times, each time on a bipartisan vote. 
I thank Mr. YOUNG of Indiana for introducing this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for the REINS Act. 
Committee on the Judiciary ordered H.R. 427, the ‘‘Regulations From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015,’’ reported to the House. As you know, the Committee on Rules was granted an additional referral upon the bill’s introduction pursuant to the Committee’s jurisdiction under rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives over the rules of the House and special orders of 
with my committee regarding this matter, I will waive consideration of the bill by the Rules Committee. By agreeing to waive its consideration of the bill, the Rules Committee does not waive its jurisdiction over H.R. 427. In addition, the Committee reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provisions of the bill that are within its jurisdiction during any HouseSenate conference that may be convened on this legislation. I ask your commitment to support any request by the Rules Committee for conferees on H.R. 427 or related legislation. 
I also request that you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the committee report to accompany H.R. 427 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
your letter regarding H.R. 427, the ‘‘Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015,’’ which the Judiciary Committee ordered reported favorably, as amended, to the House on April 15, 2015. 
granted an additional referral of the bill. I am most appreciative of your decision to forego further consideration of H.R. 427 so that it may proceed to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on the Rules is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. 
and your letter in our committee’s report as well as the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 427. 
concerning H.R. 427, the Regulations From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015, which the Committee on the Judiciary ordered reported on April 15, 2015. 
Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 by providing that any rules which affect budget authority, outlays, or receipts that are subject to the congressional approval procedure outlined in section 802 of chapter 8 of title 5, U.S.C., are effective unless it is disapproved in accordance with such section. In order to expedite House consideration of H.R. 427, the Committee will forgo action on the bill. This is being done with the understanding that it does not in any way prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or its jurisdictional prerogatives on this or similar legislation. 
letter, confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 427 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration. 
letter regarding H.R. 427, the ‘‘Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015,’’ which the Judiciary Committee ordered reported favorably, as amended, to the House on April 15, 2015. 
As you noted, the Committee on the Budget was granted an additional referral of the bill. I am most appreciative of your decision to forego further consideration of H.R. 427 so that it may proceed to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on the Budget is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. 
and your letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 427. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume and rise in opposition to H.R. 427. 
from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015, otherwise known as the REINS Act, would amend the Congressional Review Act to require that both Houses of Congress pass and the President sign a joint resolution of approval within 70 legislative days before any major rule issued by an agency can take effect. 
Additionally, H.R. 427 imposes deadlines for the enactment of a joint resolution approving a major rule that could charitably be referred to as Byzantine. 
may only consider a major rule on the second and fourth Thursday of each month. Last year there were only 13 such days on the legislative calendar compared to the 80 major rules adopted in 2014. 
Congress may only consider such resolutions within 70 legislative days of receiving a major rule. This process would constructively end rulemaking as we know it. 
friends on the other side of the aisle contend that we need this kind of gummingtheworks legislation, which would result in the passage of no new regulations, is because these new regulations are stifling economic growth. 
They point to the Obama administration and say that it is because of regulations enacted or promulgated and 
placed into operation under the Obama administration that has caused our economy to be at a point where they are saying we are not as economically vital as it should be. 
American people is that it was the George Bush Republican economic policies of the first part of this century that led to the Great Recession, the economic meltdown, the fact that there were not regulations that prohibited predatory lending, and other economic policies which contributed to the economic meltdown. They won’t tell you it was because of the lack of regulation that caused that. 
to Alan Greenspan, who chaired the Federal Reserve and was a big antiregulatory capitalist, he had to come back after the Great Recession and admit that he was wrong. 
His policies were those that contributed to the economic meltdown, which, despite horrendous opposition from the opposite side of the aisle against the policies of Democrats and President Obama, they tried to obstruct those changes. But they were enacted and, as a result, America’s economic recovery has been quite notable. 
though productivity is up and wages are steady, workers have not participated in the upswing in this election, even though jobs have been created for the last 65 straight months under the Obama administration. 
But the wage growth has been stagnant, and it is because of the trickle down Republican policies that have caused this. Now they want to blame the lack of monies in the pocketbooks and pockets of Americans, working people, on regulations. 
of major rules in contemplation of the bill’s onerous requirements, Congress would still lack the expertise and policy justifications for refusing to adopt a major rule. 
professors on environmental and administrative law have noted in a letter to the Judiciary Committee earlier this year, without this expertise, any disapproval is, therefore, more likely to reflect the political power of special interests, a potential that would be magnified in light of the fasttrack process. 
agency rulemaking so that Congress can simply void major rules through inaction, the REINS Act likely violates the presentment and bicameralism requirements of article I of the Constitution. 
As Professor Ron Levin, a leading expert on administrative law, noted during the hearing on the REINS Act last Congress: 
‘‘The reality is that the act is intended to enable a single House of Congress to control the implementation of the laws through the rulemaking process. Such a scheme transgresses the 
very idea of separation of powers, under which the Constitution entrusts the writing of the laws to the legislative branch and the implementation of the laws to the executive branch.’’ 
in the landmark case INS v. Chada: ‘‘The Constitution does not contemplate an active role for Congress in the supervision of officers charged with the execution of laws it enacts.’’ 
profound conviction of the Framers that the powers conferred on Congress were the powers to be most carefully circumscribed. By providing that no law could take effect without the concurrence of the prescribed majority of both Houses, the Framers reemphasized their belief that legislation should not be enacted unless it has been carefully and fully considered by the Nation’s elected officials. 
my Republican colleagues who so strongly oppose crony capitalism and hold the Framers’ intent so dearly would support H.R. 427, which is a bald attempt by corporations and special interests to shield themselves from any oversight and, in the process, shred article I of the Constitution. 
also said that the Republicanled, do nothing Congress, the most ineffective in modern history—and I will note that we are getting ready to adjourn tomorrow, a day early, for a 6week adjournment with all of the work that remains for Congress to do. 
Republicanled, donothing Congress, the most ineffective in modern history, should be judged by the number of laws it repeals, not the number of laws that it passes. 
It therefore follows that this obstructatanycost approach would carry over to blocking the most critical agency rulemaking, thereby threatening agencies’ ability to protect Americans’ health, safety, wellbeing, and economic growth. 
obstructionism? Corporate giants that are holding our country hostage through a deregulatory agenda and political influence that would rival the industrial monopolies from the past century. 
same corporations that are continuing to show record profit margins that are also pushing deregulation and fewer taxes because they have an ‘‘obsession with shortterm profits at the expense of longterm value creation,’’ according to Henry Blodget, the CEO of Business Insider. 
nothing short of a catastrophic event for the everyday Americans who stand to lose the most from the majority’s myopic and reckless treatment of our Nation’s regulatory system. 
not another messaging bill to take back to the district over the August recess. 
We need legislation that creates middle class security and opportunity, and we need sensible regulations that protect American families from financial ruin, that encourage competition, that bring predatory financial practices to an end, legislation that brings the United States into conformity with the rest of the developed world’s employment policies by guaranteeing paid sick and parental leave, legislation that increases our global competitiveness by creating an affordable higher education, and legislation that increases the minimum wage from a paltry $7.25 an hour. 
both sides of the aisle to oppose H.R. 427, yet another deregulatory bill in the majority’s businessfocused, crony capitalist agenda. 
have to agree with my friend from Georgia. I agree with him on his statement that this administration’s recovery has been amazing. It has been amazingly bad. 
look at what is happening in our economy right now, why the economy is struggling so badly through this Obama economy, it is because of radical regulations coming out of Washington. 
small businesses in my district in southeast Louisiana, the common thread is that it is not the local business down the street that is the main threat to their business. 
throughout my district—and I hear it from my colleagues as well across the country—are the thousands and thousands of pages of these radical regulations that come out of these Federal agencies, unelected bureaucrats that are imposing, in essence, new law that is making it harder to create jobs in this country. 
Federal Government that is more efficient, more effective, and more accountable; and that is what the REINS Act does, Mr. Chairman. The REINS Act forces real accountability in regulations that are coming out of Washington. 
Whether it is the IRS or the EPA or 
the NLRB or HHS or CMS, the alphabet soup of Federal agencies that is crippling our economy with all of these regulations is what is holding our economy back. 
says, if a rule is being proposed by a Federal agency by an unelected bureaucrat that is so important that it is going to have a major impact on our 
economy, shouldn’t it at least go through the transparency of coming before the elected representatives of the people, Mr. Chairman? 
C–SPAN, not in the dark annals of some Federal bureaucratic agency in Washington, some unelected bureaucrat that is going to wake up one morning and say they are going to create a new law that is going to devastate our economy? 
public hearings? Shouldn’t it have to be passed by the elected people in Congress who will be held accountable every 2 years for the consequences of those regulations? 
Let’s stop holding our economy back with these radical regulations, Mr. Chairman. Let’s pass the REINS Act and bring real accountability into the process of creating regulations in Washington. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the bill. The REINS Act would create new obstacles to the promulgation of regulations designed to protect American workers’ health and safety and to protect the environment. 
impeding regulations for financial services and throw sand in the gears of government efforts to address growing inequality and prevent discrimination. 
Congress already has the right to disapprove any rule through the Congressional Review Act or through appropriations bills or other legislation. This bill would essentially impose a procedural chokehold by requiring that any major rule receive affirmative House and Senate approval within 70 
bill, we note that the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, OSHA, is in the process of updating a nearly 70yearold standard to keep workers from contracting a progressive and frequently fatal lung disease called chronic beryllium disease. 
Energy Commission plants were contracting acute beryllium poisoning. To deal with the problem, two of their scientists sitting in the back of a taxicab on the way to a meeting agreed to set the beryllium exposure limit at 2 micrograms per cubic meter of air. Established back in 1948, that standard is still in place today and is often called ‘‘the taxicab standard’’ because there was no data supporting that number. 
In 1975, the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health advised OSHA to issue a new, more stringent protective standard. That effort faltered. Now, one cost of inaction is an estimated loss of 100 lives per year each year this new standard is delayed. Another is the fact that we have to 
pay over $300 million in Federal compensation to workers and their survivors who have contracted chronic beryllium disease and who are employed by the Energy Department’s contractors and vendors. 
Today, over 100,000 workers are exposed to beryllium, and workers in my district are not alone in asking the government to be on their side. There is substantial stakeholder support from beryllium producers and labor representatives to cut the standard exposure limit by 90 percent. 
worked to update that standard, based on numerous scientific studies and expert recommendations, and now, the new standard is working its way slowly through the regulatory process; and under the present laws and procedures, it still might be another year or two before the final rule is promulgated. 
Despite overwhelming scientific evidence that this nearly 70yearold standard fails to protect workers, there are still a few who object. By requiring a bicameral resolution of approval prior to the rule ever taking effect, this legislation will make it easier for a wellfunded special interest group to block needed workplace protections. 
prioritize special interests above the protection of lives and limbs of American workers. I, therefore, urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ), the 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the leader and Chairman GOODLATTE for bringing 
people in my home State of Indiana want to hold someone—someone—accountable for the jobkilling rules and 
Each day, government agencies impose an average of 10 new regulations on America’s businesses, both big and small. It is no surprise to discover that the costly, confusing government regulations that come out of this body— ObamaCare mandates, EPA regulations, or IRS tax penalties—are exciting some feedback from my constituents. 
wrought by Federal Government regulations is consistently cited as one of the biggest barriers to business creation and expansion and growth in household income in this country. 
One Indiana businessowner, who employs 16 family men and women in Floyd County, recently called my office. He wanted to know who had voted in support of a peculiar new IRS rule that is going to penalize him if he helps his employees pay for health insurance. 
Now, this IRS rule can cost employers more than $36,000 per employee per year if they continue to offend the sensibilities of Washington’s regulating 
and someone who hears a lot from local businesses back in Indiana about their challenges, about their opportunities, I know how costly regulations impact the small company’s bottom line. 
undoubtedly have a major impact on smaller enterprises across the Nation, it was written by unelected, unaccountable regulators here in Washington, D.C. It never came before Congress for an upordown vote. 
about. It is about holding officials at Federal agencies and the Congress of the United States accountable for the harmful regulations drummed up each year, regulations which are laws in everything but name. They hurt American jobs and wages when they are implemented, and they need an additional filter of accountability here in the people’s House. 
would ask opponents of this legislation, for these rules that have a $100 millionplus impact on our economy if not the people’s elected representatives in Congress? For too long, Congress has delegated much of its constitutional authority to executive agencies here in Washington, D.C. This has empowered unelected Federal officials to implement sweeping rules and regulations that are often ineffective, redundant, counterproductive, and costly. 
another business in my home district in Indiana. It is a local farming operation. When we add up the impact of county, State, and Federal regulations, these Hoosier farmers must meet hundreds of reporting requirements dictated by an alphabet soup of different government agencies—EPA, USDA, HHS, IRS, NLRB. It goes on and on and on. It is mind numbing, really. 
ability to grow and compete has been punishing. For example, one regulation alone requires them to treat water left over from cracking eggs like industrial waste. It costs hundreds of thousands of dollars each year for this business in consulting and equipment fees just in compliance costs. 
new authority over bodies of water in the United States, these farmers are taking more time and resources away from their farm to track these illdefined WOTUS regulations coming down the pike. 
you the future is uncertain. Our rulemaking process is out of the people’s control. It needs to be reined in. Wouldn’t it make sense for smallbusiness owners and farmers to have a larger voice, to be given a bigger say in the rulemaking process, especially when regulations can dictate whether their business succeeds or fails? 
the REINS Act, provides. It gives the job creators and the American people a 
voice. It injects a measure of accountability back into the democratic process. The REINS Act requires that Congress must approve any new major rule proposed by the executive branch before it can be enforced on the American people. 
our Nation’s economic engine. They represent 99.7 percent of all national employers, 56.1 million of our Nation’s private workforce. Small and family owned businesses, new startups, and entrepreneurs create twothirds of all job growth in the United States. 
estimated $10,500 per employee to comply with Federal regulations. It is no wonder that, for the first time in 35 years, more American companies are being destroyed than they are being created each year. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
with costly Federal regulations leads to higher consumer costs, lower take home pay, and even reduced hiring. 
manufacturing company in Wabash, Indiana, summed it up best. From his standpoint, when it comes to the vast array of rules and regulations his company must follow, they are not only onerous; they add zero value to his business, and they put him at a competitive disadvantage to foreign competition. 
time than today here on the floor going through each of the different challenges with our Federal regulation system, but in the end, Congress needs to be forced to account for the regulations resulting from our sweeping legislation like ObamaCare and DoddFrank. 
The REINS Act accomplishes this objective. The REINS Act, like the Hoosiers I represent, demands accountability. I commend it to the consideration of all my colleagues. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
other side of the aisle repeat false information, and it is unfortunate that it would be perpetrated that economic growth has been hurt because of an explosion of regulations during the Obama administration. 
I will be the first to admit that, with 
the historic passage of the Affordable Care Act, which has enabled 16 million Americans to now have access to the healthcare system—16 million people— it could have been more if the policies had not been obstructed so much; if we hadn’t had 50plus votes to do away with the Affordable Care Act, we would have more people having access to the healthcare system in this country, but bringing that many people into the healthcare system and actually changing the healthcare system required new regulations, and so people have been 
trying, for 75 to 100 years, to establish health care for everyone in this country. 
The Affordable Care Act was the closest that we could come to that ideal, but it was a transformational bill, and it did require new regulations to nurture it and to get it to this point, which has been a complete success, despite all opposition. 
And then we had the DoddFrank legislation that was passed as a result of the Great Recession, which was caused by a lack of regulation. 
come forth as a result of the passage of that legislation to protect the health, safety, and financial wellbeing of everyday Americans. And so with that act having passed and controls put on excessive speculation in the financial services industry, we have seen economic growth. That is the bottom line. We had 64 straight months of private sector job growth. That is 12.8 million private sector jobs created amidst a regulatory system that is proworker, proenvironment, prohealth and prosafety, and proinnovation. That is a significant accomplishment. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), the 
chairman of the Small Business Committee and a fighter for small businesses and the families that they represent. 
Before I get into my prepared remarks, I have to respond to my good friend from Georgia’s comments about the Affordable Care Act, which many have come to start referring to as the ‘‘Unaffordable Care Act’’ or ‘‘ObamaCare,’’ as most people refer to it. 
some of those folks who didn’t have insurance, and there were ways of doing that. By passage of this legislation, we have adversely, negatively impacted, I think, far more Americans than we have helped. We have seen Americans’ rates go up, deductibles go up, premiums go up, and they are getting less quality health care for that. So it has been a disaster for many Americans, and a lot of it is still unfolding. 
gentleman also mentioned, what we have seen as a result of that—and I happen to be the chair of the Small Business Committee, as was mentioned—one of small businesses’ greatest challenges is access to capital, getting money so that they can grow or start a business or grow an existing business and create more jobs. 
whole new army of bureaucrats looking over the shoulders of banks—and the smaller banks, too, like community banks, who had nothing to do with this 
socalled economic meltdown. Bureaucrats are looking over the shoulders of credit unions, making it tougher for them to make loans to small businesses. 
which many of my friends on the other side of the aisle are proud of, I think have been disastrous for this country. 
legislation, half of America is employed by small businesses. In fact, 70 percent of the new jobs created in this economy are created by small businesses. Families rely on small businesses to put food on the table and a roof over their heads. They are very critical to the American community and to our American economy. 
know who thinks that the government creates job, but they do know that government can keep them from creating jobs. It does it with onesizefitsall regulations. It does it by perpetuating uncertainty and increasing barriers to success. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
think before it acts. It protects the American people by ensuring that those that they elected get a say in major regulations—not all regulations, just regulations that would have a significant impact on the economy. 
is about deregulation. It is not. It is about accountability. It is about making government think before it acts. And if it chooses to act, the American people can hold their elected representatives—us—accountable for making that decision, not some nameless, faceless bureaucracy, but their elected representatives. That is what this is all about. It is commonsense legislation. 
I commend the gentleman from Indiana for offering this. I also want to thank the gentleman from Georgia for handling this on the floor today. 
The REINS Act is a good piece of legislation. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I would inquire as to how much time remains on both sides. 
remaining. The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) has 14 minutes remaining. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ), another fighter for 
his district and those who are affected by regulation. 
the Constitution vests all legislative powers in Congress. Unfortunately, past Members of this institution have given away a lot of that power to government agencies like the EPA, the Department of Health and Human Services, and an alphabet soup of agencies. President Obama is using his pen and telephone to talk to the ideologues who work in and run these agencies to change laws, to make laws without coming to Congress. Unelected, faceless Federal bureaucrats are making regulations that have the force of law, not elected representatives of the people. 
so many rules out there, I bet the average person can’t go a couple of hours without violating a rule or regulation they probably don’t even know about. 
The REINS Act is a great first step in 
reining in these jobkilling regulations. The legislation before us is important to America. The REINS Act brings accountability back to the system. 
impact of more than $100 million comes out of one of these agencies, it has got to be approved by Congress. That is our job; the Constitution says so, the people who elected us to make laws. And the people will hold us accountable for those laws if they are bad laws. 
bureaucrat accountable? We have seen through the VA that it is practically impossible to fire one of these bureaucrats. But every 2 years you have got the opportunity to fire somebody in this House, and every 6 years you have the opportunity to fire somebody on the other side. 
Fathers intended. Put the people’s representatives back in charge. Follow the Constitution. 
was reading through the Supreme Court decision talking about the constitutional responsibility of this branch of government to make the laws. That is what the REINS Act does. It gives us back the power. 
spoke about the taxicab standard, how it came up in a taxicab and how this random regulation has been law for years. If the REINS Act had been in effect, that would have come before Congress, and we could have asked the question: Where is the science behind that? 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
For far too long, Congress has allowed unelected Federal bureaucrats to take responsibility for the policymaking in this town. Too often, these unaccountable individuals in Washington make decisions that affect the daily lives of western Pennsylvanians with little regard for how they impact 
in a Supreme Court decision that one agency, the EPA, failed to appropriately consider the costs and benefits of its MATS proposal, which is estimated to cost $9 billion, with a benefit of only $4 million to $6 million. 
some parts of the energy industry and in my district are being regulated right out of existence. More broadly, consider that in 2015, thus far, more than 150 regulations have been finalized, with total costs exceeding $60 billion and more than 10 million hours of paperwork. 
hinders the very job creation and economic growth we need in cities and towns across America that will provide opportunities for Americans to get back in the game and to get this country back on track. 
Chairman, and that is what is represented in this bill. It goes to the constitutional structure of our government, where we are supposed to have an executive branch that is supposed to enforce the law, a legislative branch that makes the law, and a judicial branch that adjudicates the law. 
ceded responsibility for making laws to the executive branch. This bill is a start towards restoring the proper structure of government and accountability. 
people don’t agree with, there is no way to hold those regulators accountable; but if Congress had a say, you could hold Congress accountable. This is what selfgovernment is all about. 
I reflect on 34 years ago, when a certain gentleman spoke on the west front of this Capitol and had these words to say: ‘‘From time to time we’ve been tempted to believe that society has become too complex to be managed by selfrule, that government by an elite group is superior to government for, by, and of the people. Well, if no one among us is capable of governing himself, then who among us has the capacity to govern someone else?’’ 
I thank Mr. YOUNG and the committee for its work on the REINS Act. 
bill as a means to restoring the original, proper constitutional structure of who is responsible for the laws that come out of this town. You would think that Members of Congress would want to take credit for good regulations and protect people from bad regulations. Again, that is what this legislation does. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
The economic elites who are the patrons of many of my friends across the aisle believe in trickledown economics, which George Herbert Walker Bush termed to be ‘‘voodoo economics.’’ 
a quarter in the pocket of a rich man, there is a hole in that pocket and the quarter trickles down and falls out into nickles and dimes and is distributed to the waiting working class people of the country. They believe that is how the economy works: give the rich the money, let them operate in an unregulated environment, and then somehow, magically, the economy trickles down to those waiting at the bottom of the scale waiting for some kind of a handout. 
It works from the ground up. It works with people going to work, making a decent wage, delivering services for a period of time—8 hours a day, that is a regulation; 40 hours a week, that is a regulation. We didn’t used to have those during times when people were predominantly poor, and the Nation was poor as a result; but due to these regulations like the minimum wage, the 40hour workweek, the health and safety regulations on the job, we were able to build a middle class in this country that sustained us up until the time when Ronald Reagan won the Presidency and established the current climate of trickledown economics. 
has happened is the rich have gotten richer and the poor have gotten poorer. The working poor have had less to work with and the middle class has been squeezed so that there are not as many working middle class people as there were once before. 
So the REINS Act is a gift to the economic elites who have had their way with the economy for the last 40 years. They want to stab the heart of the American economy now by passing this act, the REINS Act, which would not deregulate, but it would stop all future regulations from coming to the fore. That is something that America does not need. 
at the appropriate time to oppose this legislation and oppose voodoo economics, oppose trickledown economics. 
yield myself 30 seconds to just say that the fact of the matter is we are not talking about voodoo economics here. We are talking about representative democracy. 
The American people elect their Representatives from 435 congressional districts; 50 States elect their Senators, and they send us to Washington, D.C., to write the laws of the land. 
to were all written by the United States Congress, signed into law by various Presidents. Then those laws are turned into regulations, and that is where there is no more representative democracy. 
The bureaucracy that writes the regulations has no accountability. They write regulations that cost too much, that strangle the job creation that we 
both—the gentleman from Georgia and I would like to see greater job creation and more jobs for the middle class in this country. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
This bill is about restoring representative democracy to the American people and fairness to the American people and protecting their economy and protecting their jobs by making sure that bureaucrats are held accountable and send those regulations back to the Congress for an upordown vote that, yes, those regulations comport with what the Congress intended when they wrote the law—or don’t comport. 
Chairman, I stand today in strong support of the REINS Act of 2015. 
opposition to this bill just a few moments ago, that we should be opposed to it, because ‘‘it would end rulemaking as we know it.’’ 
should vote for the REINS Act because that is exactly what we are trying to do. We must end rulemaking as we know it. 
I am proud to cosponsor this bill because I know, firsthand, how this administration’s overbearing regulatory policies have devastated my State, West Virginia; its businesses; its workers; its fundamental way of life. The people of West Virginia’s Third District deserve better. All West Virginians deserve better. All Americans deserve better. 
that Federal regulations cost our Nation more than $1.8 trillion per year. In West Virginia, for example, the EPA has implemented sweeping rules and regulations that have driven out thousands of goodpaying jobs, reduced demand for West Virginia coal, and raised energy prices for all Americans. 
with our Nation’s hardworking families. This bill, the REINS Act, will protect our communities, small businesses, and workers from the administration’s crushing regulatory onslaught. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
My colleagues have repeatedly argued to the fact that—or to the allegation that the rate of Federal regulations is growing, but a recent report by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service reported that the length of the Code of Federal Regulations has no bearing on the scope or impact of Federal regulation. In other words, just because the volume of paper is growing, they want to argue that this means that there is an onslaught, an explosion of Federal regulations. 
have been new regulations having to do with DoddFrank, which protects us from another economic meltdown that we suffered under the Bush administration, and also the Affordable Care Act, which has enabled 16 million Americans to have access to the healthcare system who did not have it prior to the passage of the Affordable Care Act. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have only one speaker remaining, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I will close and just say that this debate has been about whether or not we need a law that would stop Federal rulemaking in its tracks. 
or not, as we move forward into the future, as society advances, as technology takes us to places where we have never been before, as medical care and breakthroughs in the ability to keep people alive, as that explodes, as things change, as they do in the annals of human history, the question is whether or not we are going to have a Federal bureaucracy that keeps up with the change and keeps up with the need for an implementation regimen to enact or see that the laws that are enacted by Congress can, in fact, be accomplished. 
measures that Congress passes—but I will note that this Congress doesn’t pass much, but that is what we are here for, to keep up with change and to legislate, so that change is good for Americans, their health, safety, and wellbeing. 
When we do that, if we have a regulatory regime that is gummed up and inoperable, then it hurts America’s ability to compete in this global marketplace. It hurts America’s economy to be an economy where all people can share in the prosperity of it. 
about. Are we going to change America? Are we going to throw out the Administrative Procedure Act, which has been an orderly way and predictable way for regulations to be promulgated and placed into effect? 
and then subject that rulemaking process to a dysfunctional process like we have here in Congress today, where we can’t even pass the ExportImport Bank legislation—which, by the way, you say, government does not create jobs, but there will be government jobs lost as a result of us going home early without having passed the ExportImport Bank reauthorization. 
jobs because of our inability or our refusal to bring a measure to the floor which has the votes—bipartisan votes— to pass this Chamber and which has already passed the Senate in a transportation bill. 
having done that, and I will tell you we will go home without having—if this legislation passes, we will go home without passing a single regulation, and government will be gummed up. Who will prosper? It is the economic elites who make money, regardless. 
this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
other side of the aisle have raised quite a few false alarms. 
regulations will stop, they say; but that is not true. All regulation that is worthy of Congress’ approval will continue. 
If this bill passes, why, expert decisionmaking will stop because Congress will have the final say on new major regulations, not Washington bureaucrats; but that is not true. Congress will have the benefit of the best evidence and arguments expert agencies can offer in support of their new regulations. 
whether that evidence and those arguments are good or not and deciding what finally will become law. That is the job our Founding Fathers entrusted to us in the Constitution. We should not shirk from it. 
if this bill becomes law is the endless avalanche of new, major regulations that do not deserve Congress’ approval because they impose massive, unjustified costs that crush jobs, crush wages, and crush the spirits of America’s families and smallbusiness owners. 
real Americans suffering the real burdens of the Obama administration’s overreaching regulations. Let me tell you about some of them who have testified before the Judiciary Committee. 
Think of Rob James, a city councilman from Avon Lake, Ohio, a small town that has faced devastation by ideologically driven, antifossil fuel power plant regulations. 
destroy jobs in Avon Lake, harm Avon Lake’s families, and make it even harder for Avon Lake to find the resources to provide emergency services, quality schools, and help for its neediest citizens—all while doing comparatively little to control mercury emissions that were the stated target of the regulations. 
those regulations, but not before multiple years of jobcrushing compliance costs had to be borne by those who challenged the rules. 
He runs a Virginiabased division of a heavy construction materials producer. 
His company and its workers were harmed by EPA cement kiln emission regulations that were technically unattainable and vastly changed from what the EPA proposed for public comment, other EPA emission regulations that were stricter than needed to protect health, gerrymandered to impose expensive controls on other types of emissions, and that prohibited commonsense uses of cheap and safe fuel that could eventually help the environment and the Department of Transportation regulations that, without increasing safety, vastly increased recordkeeping for readymix concrete drivers, unnecessarily limited their hours, and suppressed their wages. 
overreaching, unjustified, immensely costly regulation that, unless Congress stands up to protect the American people, this administration will continue to load on to the backs of struggling American families and smallbusiness owners. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chair, as a cosponsor of 
H.R. 427 I rise in strong support of the REINS Act. 
agencies, and those in the White House, are held accountable for the expensive and intrusive regulations they are imposing on the American people. 
down vote by Congress on any costly regulation proposed by a federal agency before it is allowed to take effect. 
This is a common sense check on regulators who too often ignore the impact of their jobkilling regulations. 
The United States was founded on the principle of separation of powers, a system that exists to protect the people from the unchecked, unilateral actions of a faceless bureaucracy. 
issued regulations at record levels and ventured into new regulatory areas that go far beyond the originally authorized regulatory authority. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that over the last five years, the Obama Administration has issued 82 ‘‘major rules’’—or rules with more than $100 million in economic impact—each year. 
have forced small businesses to close up shop, have resulted in other businesses laying off workers and have made U.S. businesses less competitive. 
are the lifeblood of our communities, and our economy, and we cannot stand by and let them be overrun by rules and regulations. It’s time to rein in the regulators and bring some accountability to their unchecked power. 
that is both accountable for their actions and one that operates under a structure meant to protect their freedoms. 
I believe it’s time that we stand up and put 
a stop to this abuse of power, and the REINS Act is a critical step towards the achievement of that goal. I’m standing with hardworking Americans, 
the nation’s small businesses and America’s jobcreators. Let’s pass H.R. 427 and restore common sense in our government. 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise today support of 
H.R. 427, the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act of 2015. 
In the two terms of the Obama Administration thus far, the Executive Branch has issued increasingly costly regulations on a variety of issues, without much thought to the devastating effects on the economy. 
therefore the people, the power to determine whether all major regulations that have an estimated economic impact of over $100 million, significant adverse effects on employment, or a major increase in costs for consumers take effect. This would return Congress to a proper role of oversight. 
the crippling impact of an overzealous federal government. The REINS Act would finally empower members of Congress to engage in the rulemaking process and return our regulatory scheme to a common sense one that promotes economic growth, creates jobs, and increases wages for working families in the First District of Iowa while protecting our natural resources, environment, and health. 
in the Senate to enact this progrowth legislation that assists job creators across my district and across America. 
The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary, printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–230. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015’’. 
The purpose of this Act is to increase accountability for and transparency in the Federal regulatory process. Section 1 of article I of the United States Constitution grants all legislative powers to Congress. Over time, Congress has excessively delegated its constitutional charge while failing to conduct appropriate oversight and retain accountability for the content of the laws it passes. By requiring a vote in Congress, the REINS Act will result in more carefully drafted and detailed legislation, an improved regulatory process, and a legislative branch that is truly accountable to the American people for the laws imposed upon them. 
Chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, is 
‘‘804. Definitions. ‘‘805. Judicial review. ‘‘806. Exemption for monetary policy. ‘‘807. Effective date of certain rules. 
the Federal agency promulgating such rule shall submit to each House of the Congress and to the Comptroller General a report containing— 
‘‘(iii) a classification of the rule as a major 
actions intended to implement the same statutory provision or regulatory objective as well as the individual and aggregate economic effects of those actions; and 
to the Comptroller General and make available to each House of Congress— 
‘‘(ii) the agency’s actions pursuant to sections 603, 604, 605, 607, and 609 of this title; 
‘‘(iii) the agency’s actions pursuant to sections 202, 203, 204, and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995; and 
‘‘(iv) any other relevant information or requirements under any other Act and any relevant Executive orders. 
unless the Congress enacts a joint resolution of approval described under section 802. 
adjourn a session of Congress through the date on which the same or succeeding Congress first convenes its next session, sections 802 and 803 shall apply to such rule in the succeeding session of Congress. 
‘‘(II) in the case of the House of Representatives, the 15th legislative day, 
shall take effect as otherwise provided by law (including other subsections of this section). 
the following (with blanks filled as appropriate): ‘That Congress approves the rule submitted by lll relating to lll .’; and 
has not reported it to the House at the end 
of 15 legislative days after its introduction, such committee shall be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolution, and it shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. On the second and fourth Thursdays of each month it shall be in order at any time for the Speaker to recognize a Member who favors passage of a joint resolution that has appeared on the calendar for at least 5 legislative days to call up that joint resolution for immediate consideration in the House without intervention of any point of order. When so called up a joint resolution shall be considered as read and shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and the previous question shall be considered as ordered to its passage without intervening motion. It shall not be in order to reconsider the vote on passage. If a vote on final passage of the joint resolution has not been taken by the third Thursday on which the Speaker may recognize a Member under this subsection, such vote shall be taken on that day. 
House shall not be referred to a committee; and 
shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House until the vote on passage, when the joint resolution received from the other House shall supplant the joint resolution of the receiving House. 
House of Representatives if the joint resolution received from the Senate is a revenue measure. 
have no force or effect.’ (The blank spaces being appropriately filled in). 
resolution (or an identical joint resolution) at the end of 15 session days after the date of introduction of the joint resolution, such committee may be discharged from further consideration of such joint resolution upon a petition supported in writing by 30 Members of the Senate, and such joint resolution shall be placed on the calendar. 
days beginning with the applicable submission or publication date, or 
the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but 
including an interim final rule, that the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Management and Budget finds has resulted in or is likely to result in— 
consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local government agencies, or geographic regions; or 
such term in section 551, except that such term does not include— 
including a rule that approves or prescribes for the future rates, wages, prices, services, or allowances therefore, corporate or financial structures, reorganizations, mergers, or acquisitions thereof, or accounting practices or disclosures bearing on any of the foregoing; 
is published in the Federal Register, if so published. 
omission under this chapter shall be subject to judicial review. 
court may determine whether a Federal agency has completed the necessary requirements under this chapter for a rule to take effect. 
approval under section 802 shall not be interpreted to serve as a grant or modification of statutory authority by Congress for the promulgation of a rule, shall not extinguish or affect any claim, whether substantive or procedural, against any alleged defect in a rule, and shall not form part of the record before the court in any judicial proceeding concerning a rule except for purposes of determining whether or not the rule is in effect. 
rules that concern monetary policy proposed or implemented by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Open Market Committee. 
opens, closes, or conducts a regulatory program for a commercial, recreational, or subsistence activity related to hunting, fishing, or camping; or 
an agency for good cause finds (and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of 
reasons therefore in the rule issued) that notice and public procedure thereon are impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest, 
shall take effect at such time as the Federal 
and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
TO SECTION 802 OF TITLE 5 , UNITED STATES  
CODE .—Any rules subject to the congressional approval procedure set forth in section 802 of chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, affecting budget authority, outlays, or receipts shall be assumed to be effective unless it is not approved in accordance with such section.’’. 
of the United States shall conduct a study to determine, as of the date of the enactment of this Act— 
in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) were in effect; 
defined in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) were in effect; and 
amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 230. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Page 4, line 3, insert after ‘‘shall’’ the following: ‘‘publish in the Federal Register a list of information on which the rule is based, including data, scientific and economic studies, and costbenefit analyses, and identify how the public can access such information online, and shall’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 380, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ) and a Member opposed 
want to thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Chairman G OODLATTE , for his kindness in allowing me 
believe it should be bipartisan. My amendment, quite simply, requires agencies to make available on the Internet the data, the science, studies, and analyses that a major rule is based on. 
access to the source information and the same information so we can all be on the same page when we talk about these things. No one is left in the dark. 
sure the same questions are asked to other Members when they are home— How do regulations come to these conclusions? How do these regulators get to where they get to when they do these regulations? What science or data do they use? Is it sound science? 
science. They ask me: Well, can we see it, too? And I don’t have a good answer for them at the time. But I want to make sure that they do. 
to see that science that the regulators use. My amendment helps answer these questions by simply making this information available. 
Federal regulations affect every aspect of a hardworking American’s day, from the moment they wake up until they go to bed at night. 
big and small, with sometimes exorbitant costs in order to comply, but also devastating costs of lost opportunities to grow their businesses and create more jobs. 
Federal regulations have an enormous, a giant, impact on the health of our national economy to the tune of $1.88 trillion in 2014. Federal regulation is a constantly growing entity. 
we know, is monstrous in size, cost and effect on our economy, and our job creators and on the bank accounts of hardworking Americans. 
tackling this issue of regulations because they affect our rights and the economy, and I am willing to work with anyone on these issues. 
know who these regulators are, who is writing these rules and regs, what is their background. 
amendments and bills, but we don’t know the names of the people who are writing these regulations. Those are ideas that I have, also. 
here in Congress. Members do as well as our senior staff. I think we should consider the impact that this would have on those who do these regulations, making them do a financial disclosure report. These are just some of the ideas. 
making sure the science and data that these regulators, what they come to a 
conclusion on, are made available to the public so we can all be on the same page and there is transparency and we are not left in the dark. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa. 
Young amendment looks eerily familiar to the socalled Secret Science Reform Act, H.R. 1030, that the House passed in a partisan vote back in March, except the problem is that this bill is actually even worse. 
harmful restrictions to the EPA, but this amendment that we are looking at today would affect every single Federal agency. 
Let’s look. The amendment would require an agency, as part of its rulemaking process, to make all information used in the creation of a rule publicly accessible, including all of the data. 
is considered confidential, such as health information or business records, would most likely become off limits. 
create labeling requirements for toxic chemicals wouldn’t be able to use a study that uses personal health data as long as that data is deemed confidential. 
could be restricted because the information includes data protected by intellectual property laws. 
Act on a partisan vote last March, I mentioned in my opposition that it would force the EPA to choose between protecting our health and environment and maintaining the privacy of patient medical records and the confidentiality of business records. And if that argument isn’t enough, let’s consider the costs. 
was considering the bill that I mentioned previously, the Secret Science Act that does exactly the same thing that the Young amendment does, except to all Federal agencies, Democrats on the committee pointed out that the Congressional Budget Office estimated just for that one bill that it would cost the EPA $250 million to comply with the new regulations. 
If that is how much it is going to cost 
the EPA for one regulatory requirement, imagine what the cost would be if you expand this mandate across every single Federal agency. The cost would be astronomical. 
Between the cost and the harmful restrictions that this imposes on our Federal agencies, the amendment sets up an impossible hurdle for those agencies to overcome. 
We are asking them to decide between compromising institutional review board ethics and doing their job to protect the American people. 
amendment and provisions like it are not, in fact, about transparency. It really is to block Federal agencies from doing their jobs, their jobs of protecting our air, giving us clean water, making sure that our food supply is safe, checking on medical devices so that they don’t harm us, our prescription drugs so that they don’t make us sick, our privacy safeguards for our workplace information, our workplace safety standards, protections against Wall Street and its predatory lending practices. 
this harmful and antiscience amendment, oppose the final bill, and oppose this amendment because of the restrictions that it would place on the American people. 
this amendment I oppose. It would require agencies to publish in the Federal Register a list of information on which a rule is based, including data, scientific and economic studies, costbenefit analyses, and where the public can access this information online. 
make scientific information available that is used in developing a rule, the amendment does not define or limit what would actually constitute the term ‘‘data.’’ 
sensitive health data, classified data, confidential business information, and all other forms of information subject to a rulemaking by any Federal agency. 
Especially in light of the recent disclosure that the personal and sensitive information of millions of Federal employees maintained by the Office of Personnel Management was hacked, Congress should be working to prevent Federal data breaches by reducing the accumulation and potential loss of sensitive data rather than requiring that the publication of such vast amounts of sensitive data be the rule of law. 
this day and time. In sum, this amendment would exacerbate the risk of identity theft and data breaches. 
amendment. I urge my colleagues to do so as well. 
Ms. EDWARDS. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I thank the gentleman for yielding. I support his amendment. Mr. Chair, the REINS Act restores to 
Congress the accountability for regulatory decisions that impose major burdens on our economy. By doing that, it ultimately strengthens the ability of the people to hold Washington accountable. 
ensure that Congress will exercise its authority under the bill soundly and that the people can hold Congress and Washington accountable than through the gentleman’s amendment. 
when agencies publish new regulations, they will let Congress and the people know immediately how to access online the key scientific, economic, and costbenefit information on which the agencies base the regulations. 
With this realtime access to information in hand, Congress will be better positioned to scrutinize the agencies’ decisions, and the public will be better positioned to hold Congress accountable if Congress approves regulations that it shouldn’t. 
Americans deserve to know how they are being regulated and the science that is being used to affect our daily lives. 
Mr. Chairman. We need sunlight. Sunlight is the best disinfectant here. We are unable right now to challenge what we can’t see, and that is a hard fight for the American people to put up against. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Page 18, line 25, strike the period at the 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 380, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, as I have traveled across the Eighth District of Missouri, one of the largest concerns I hear from my constituents is the uncertainty surrounding the Affordable Care Act. 
the relationship with their doctor will change and how their healthcare costs are rising. Businesses are left with uncertainty as well. 
of the healthcare costs, which leaves them understaffed. Hospitals are consolidating, and insurers are merging as a result of the law. 
The simple truth is that my constituents have fewer options. The Affordable Care Act is hurting health care and hurting jobs in Missouri and across the country. 
That is why I am offering an amendment to protect families and job creators from the mounting uncertainty of the Affordable Care Act. 
of a major regulation to specifically include any regulation made under the Affordable Care Act. With over 3,000 pages of Federal regulations already issued and many more to follow, Congress must protect folks from this troublesome law and keep it from causing further damage to our healthcare system. 
Mr. Chairman, there is a broad bipartisan concern to the Affordable Care Act. This administration has demonstrated its own uncertainty through the delays to several key provisions of the bill. 
back home and give the American people a voice. My amendment does just that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment because it would make the REINS Act thoroughly problematic insofar as the Affordable Care Act is concerned. 
the REINS Act is it would jeopardize the health and safety of Americans by substantially delaying and possibly derailing critical regulations from ever going into effect. 
only applies to major regulations, that is, regulations having an annual effect of $100 million or more on the economy; regulations causing a major increase in prices or costs for consumers, 
agencies, or geographic regions; and regulations having a significant adverse impact on competition, employment, investment, and productivity. 
subject all regulations, not just major regulations issued under the Affordable Care Act, to the REINS Act’s burdensome requirements. 
has a different purpose. It is yet another attempt by the majority to undermine the implementation of the comprehensive healthcare reform legislation that was enacted in 2010, the Affordable Care Act, which, I might remind my colleagues, has been upheld not once, but twice, by the United States Supreme Court. 
through this antiregulatory bill what it has repeatedly failed to do during the last 4 years, namely, to defeat healthcare reform. The REINS Act is a hopelessly flawed bill, and this amendment would only make it worse. 
Accordingly, I must strenuously object to the amendment and oppose the amendment. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against it. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I support his amendment. 
the accountability for regulatory decisions that impose major burdens on our economy. This amendment strengthens congressional accountability for regulations under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, otherwise known as ObamaCare. 
will of the American people. Implementation of ObamaCare has demonstrated that the act imposes a detrimental and unworkable reform of the Nation’s healthcare system; and one after the other, promises made to the American people by the act’s supporters when the law was passed have been broken. 
Moreover, the Obama administration’s own actions to waive or suspend ObamaCare requirements have made clear that regulatory actions to implement the act form a ‘‘seamless web.’’ Too often, actions to avoid one adverse effect of the act’s implementation send ripple effects of unfairness or other harmful consequences throughout the ObamaCare web, requiring adjustments of other aspects of implementation. This, too, justifies the amendment’s requirement that Congress approve any new regulations promulgated under the act. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, this amendment protects the folks back home. It stops the Obama 
administration and unelected bureaucrats from issuing major new healthcare regulations, and it improves the role of congressional oversight. 
I urge the adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . RODNEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), I 
the following: ‘‘, including an analysis of any jobs added or lost, differentiating between public and private sector jobs’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 380, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
are a significant barrier to private sector job creation. This Congress has made job creation a priority and, therefore, we believe it is important to have a role in reviewing these regulations to ensure that their proposed benefits outweigh any potential economic harm. 
amendment would require an agency’s report to Congress to include an assessment of estimated jobs gained or lost as a result of the implementation of a rule. These agencies would also be required to specify whether those jobs will come from the public or private sector. This assessment will be part of the costbenefit analysis required to be submitted to the Comptroller General and made available to each House of Congress prior to consideration of a rule. 
cumulative regulatory burden has increased exponentially; and, unfortunately, this outofcontrol administration has shown no signs of slowing down. The addition of 27 major new rules last year brought the administration’s 6year total to an astounding 184 new regulations. This has cost the country thousands of jobs and an estimated $80 billion annually. 
approval under the REINS Act, it is imperative that Congress have a clear picture of their effect on jobs. This amendment will help us guard against jobkilling regulations and will give Congress important oversight over the executive branch’s regulatory agenda. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose the amendment. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would mandate that the costbenefit analysis for a proposed rule required by the REINS Act that is submitted to Congress include an analysis of any jobs added or lost as a result of the proposed rule, differentiating between public and private sector jobs. 
I should be clear that there is absolutely no credible evidence proving that regulations depress job creation. In fact, one of the majority’s own witnesses at a hearing held in a prior Congress before the House Judiciary Committee clearly debunked the myth that regulations stymie job growth and job creation. Christopher DeMuth of the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank, stated in his prepared testimony that the ‘‘focus on jobs . . . can lead to confusion in regulatory debates’’ and that ‘‘the employment effects of regulation, while important, are indeterminate.’’ 
analyst in the Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush administrations, has refuted the claim that regulations undermine the economy or job growth. He explains that ‘‘no hard evidence is offered for this claim; it is simply asserted as selfevident and repeated endlessly throughout the conservative echo chamber.’’ 
that the author of this amendment has for employment and job development, I would encourage him to support my amendment, which would except from the REINS Act’s onerous requirements all regulations that the Office of Management and Budget determines would result in net job development. 
job creating rules are not delayed or derailed as a result of the REINS Act’s nearly impossible procedural hurdles. 
could add even more analytical burdens on agencies by forcing them to make a speculative assessment of whether a regulation will facilitate job creation or have a depressive effect. 
into a superadministrative agency, which is what the REINS Act would do, we should be considering legislation that would actually create jobs, stimulate our Nation’s economy, and help 
millions of struggling Americans regain their financial footing with meaningful ways to encourage full employment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Georgia has 2 minutes remaining. 
Chairman, at this point, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), 
my friend, the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I support his amendment. 
The bill restores to Congress the accountability for regulatory decisions that impose major burdens on our economy. As Congress makes those decisions, one of the most important factors to consider is whether new regulations produce jobs or destroy them. 
submit new regulations to Congress, they will also submit their costbenefit analyses of the regulations. The amendment guarantees that each of those analyses will include a specific assessment of the jobs the regulations create and the jobs the regulations destroy, distinguishing between private sector and public sector jobs. 
be in a better position to determine whether to approve the rules, and the American people will be in a better position to hold Congress accountable for its decisions. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this commonsense amendment. I think it is only right to require very costly and burdensome regulations being created by this administration’s regulatory environment to actually show the taxpayers the cost benefit of what the executive branch’s decision is going to be on the taxpayers of this country. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
follows: Page 18, line 10, insert after ‘‘means any 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. 
that the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Management and Budget determines would result in net job growth.’’. 
House Resolution 380, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) and a 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would except from H.R. 427 all rules that the Office of Management and Budget determines would result in net job creation. 
bills we have considered this Congress, the proponents of H.R. 427 argue that it will grow the economy, create jobs, and increase America’s competitiveness internationally. 
But we cannot pretend that this politicized legislation is about economic growth or American prosperity. 
As I have noted during the consideration of each of the antiregulatory bills that we have considered in the 114th Congress, there is simply no credible evidence in support of the majority’s reiteration of ‘‘jobkilling’’ regulations undermining economic growth—zero. 
The tired rhetoric that my Republican colleagues have repeated again and again since the passage of the REINS Act in 2011 has not changed in light of the changing facts on the ground. 
Labor Statistics shows that unemployment has fallen to 5.3 percent. While there is more work to do to grow the economy and help our Nation’s middle class, there have been 64 straight months of private sector job growth. That is 12.8 million private sector jobs created amidst a regulatory environment that is proworker, proenvironment, propublic health and prosafety, and proinnovation. 
these strong employment figures, the Department of Labor also reported last week that claims for unemployment benefits have dropped to the lowest levels in over 40 years, the lowest level since November of 1973. 
major rules adopted during the Obama administration have decreased employment, grown the economy, or contributed to the drop in unemployment benefit claims? 
While I would submit that regulations have a positive effect on sustainable economic growth, the reality is that there is little correlation between regulations and the economy. 
the word of the San Francisco and New York Federal Reserve Banks, which found zero correlation between employment and regulation. 
senior policy analyst in the Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush administrations, who strongly refuted the claim that regulations undermine the economy or job growth, explaining that Republicans ‘‘assert that Barack Obama has unleashed a tidal wave of new regulations, which has created uncertainty among businesses and prevents them from investing and hiring. No hard evidence is offered for this claim; it is simply asserted as selfevident and repeated endlessly throughout the conservative echo chamber.’’ 
Post, which gave ‘‘two Pinnochios’’ to industry estimates of the costs of regulations earlier this year. 
Congressional Research Service, which debunked claims that regulations have a trillion dollar cost to the economy. 
to help real people, not yet another thinly veiled handout to large corporations and the economic elite. 
amendment carves out of the REINS Act’s congressional approval procedures regulations that the Office of Management and Budget determines will lead to net job creation. 
strong incentive it gives the OMB to manipulate its analysis of a major regulation’s jobs impacts. Far too often, the OMB will be tempted to shade the analysis to skirt the bill’s congressional approval requirement. 
create net new jobs often do so by destroying real, existing jobs and creating new, hopedfor jobs associated with regulatory compliance. 
Protection Agency Clean Air Act rules will shut down existing power plants. The EPA and the OMB may attempt to justify that with claims that more new ‘‘green’’ jobs will be created as a result. 
in which government picks the jobs winners and the jobs losers, and there is no guarantee that all of the new ‘‘green’’ jobs will ever actually exist. 
force any particular outcome. It does not choose between clean air and dirty air. It does not choose between new jobs and old jobs. Instead, the REINS Act chooses between two ways of making laws. It chooses the way the Framers intended, in which accountability for laws with major economic impacts rests with the Congress—the elected Representatives of the people. 
operated for too long, where there is no accountability because decisions are made by unelected agency officials. 
that fundamental accountability, so I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, to the extent that a regulation would or would not present a choice between clean air and dirty air, I think we can all, in unison, conclude that we would come down in favor of clean air. 
a regulation would promote clean water or dirty water, then I am sure that most Americans would agree with me that we would want a regulation that would ensure clean drinking water. 
passes, the jobs that will be created by the regulations which would enforce the requirement that air and water be clean will not come to pass. We would do without the jobs, and we would have dirty water and dirty air. 
the other side run to the support of my amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
urge my colleagues to support the underlying bill, which would be badly undermined by this amendment, which would remove from Congress the ability to determine which regulations make sense and which don’t, which regulations comport with the underlying law that the Congress passed and which do not. 
and it is the key to why Members should oppose this amendment. I urge them to do so. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . CAPPS  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Page 18, line 10, insert after ‘‘any rule’’ the 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes a special rule’’. 
intended to ensure the safety of natural gas or hazardous material pipelines or prevent, 
mitigate, or reduce the impact of spills from such pipelines.’’. 
House Resolution 380, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ) and a 
amendment is simple and straightforward. It would ensure that oil and gas pipeline safety rules and pipeline spill prevention or mitigation rules are not considered ‘‘major rules’’ under this bill. 
By design, the REINS Act would likely delay or stop virtually all future Federal rulemaking. We could spend hours listening to some of the countless health and safety problems that this bill would cause. I commend my colleagues for raising some of these issues in the other amendments that are being offered today and debated. 
oil and gas pipeline safety and spill mitigation rules from the needless and costly delays imposed by this bill. These rules are particularly important to me and to my constituents in the wake of the recent oil spill in my district. 
On May 19, line 901 of the Plains All 
American pipeline ruptured just north of Santa Barbara, California; and it spewed over 100,000 gallons of crude oil onto Refugio State Beach and the surrounding areas. At least 20,000 gallons of the oil spilled into the Pacific Ocean 
and spread along nearly 100 miles of pristine California coastline, devastating local wildlife, covering our beaches in thick tar, and closing valuable fisheries. 
spill is that it likely could have been prevented—or at least minimized—if the pipeline had been using stateof theart automatic shutoff and leak detection technologies. 
already in use in other pipelines in the area, but this pipeline does not have these technologies because its Federal regulator—the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or PHMSA—currently does not require the use of these safety systems. 
country, the central coast of California, which I represent, has called for action. The good news is that Congress, on a bipartisan basis, has listened and has demanded action to improve pipeline safety rules. 
In 2011, we came together and unanimously passed the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act, which required PHMSA to issue 42 new pipeline safety standards; yet, 4 years later, PHMSA has yet to complete 16 of these requirements, including the rules to strengthen standards on automatic shutoff and leak detection systems. 
lost on this Congress. Just 2 weeks ago, we held a bipartisan hearing in the Energy and Commerce Committee on the long overdue implementation of these pipeline safety standards. 
chided PHMSA for dragging its feet because we all agree that these rules are long overdue and must be completed as soon as possible. It is baffling now that, just 2 weeks after this bipartisan hearing, we find ourselves considering a bill that would delay these pipeline rules even further. 
the REINS Act would do. My amendment would protect these important safety standards from the added layers of bureaucracy that the REINS Act would impose. 
me again today, as they did 2 weeks ago, in working to ensure that PHMSA is not further delayed in fulfilling its obligations. They can do this by voting for this amendment, which would simply ensure oil and gas pipeline safety rules are not considered ‘‘major rules’’ under the REINS Act. It would not exempt these rules from the main reporting requirements, but it would minimize the additional delays created by the bill. 
written, PHMSA’s pipeline safety rules would not take effect until both the House and the Senate affirmatively voted to approve them, but both the House and the Senate already voted unanimously in 2011 to require PHMSA to write these rules. Going around and around in circles makes no sense. 
claim that the REINS Act is all about more efficient and effective government. How is it more efficient or effective to require Congress to reconsider and reapprove rules that it has already voted unanimously to establish? 
Act is not about efficient or effective government. It is a partisan gimmick that will do nothing but gum up the works and needlessly delay important health and safety rules that our constituents depend on. 
good bill—and I intend to oppose its final passage—but my amendment would at least help to ensure that the REINS Act does not delay oil and gas pipeline safety standards any more than they already have been. This is something which, I hope, we can all agree on; so I urge my colleagues to stop the delays and support my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
amendment seeks to carve out from the REINS Act’s reforms regulations 
that concern natural gas or hazardous materials pipeline safety or the prevention of oil spills and their adverse impacts. 
the prevention of harm from pipeline spills, but there is no assurance that the amendment would guarantee the achievement of those goals. 
would shield from congressional accountability procedures regulations that actually threaten to decrease safety. They also would shield from the bill’s congressional approval requirements new, ideologically driven regulations intended to impede Americans’ access to new sources of inexpensive, clean, and plentiful natural gas. 
the Congress can and has voted to have pipeline accountability and safety measures regulated but that the Congress doesn’t care what those regulations are. 
The Congress does care what the regulations are, and that is why they should come back here so that the Congress can confirm that the regulations written comport with the legislation already passed. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, as I stated earlier, this amendment is straightforward and common sense. 
that stronger oil and gas pipeline safety standards are long overdue. I hope there is similar agreement that further delaying these safety rules puts communities like mine in California and hundreds of communities across the country at risk. 
that these safety rules are not subject to the needless, burdensome delays created by the REINS Act. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
sure that Federal Government regulations get it right—solve the problem intended to be solved by the Congress in the manner intended by the Congress. Supporting this amendment would defeat that purpose; so I oppose the amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do so. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. 
relating to protection of the public health or safety.’’. 
House Resolution 380, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) and 
amendment to H.R. 427 would exempt rules concerning public health or safety from the onerous requirements of this legislation. 
when a rule is necessary to protect public health and when it is beneficial and in the public interest, the rule be put into effect without unnecessary delay. 
this amendment, it will create a regulatory environment that will make it nearly impossible for agencies to safeguard the public wellbeing. 
Transportation implemented an economically significant rule for the implementation of positive train control systems on January 15, 2010. This safety feature is designed to correct operator errors and to slow or to stop a train in order to prevent traintotrain collisions and overspeed derailments. 
Transportation Safety Board have said that this technology is necessary to prevent accidents like the derailment of an Amtrak commuter train in Philadelphia on May 12 of 2015, which killed 7 people and injured 200 more; yet, under the REINS Act, this vital technology would require a joint congressional resolution, with an unrealistic timeline for implementation, before being mandated, needlessly putting the lives of millions of Americans at risk who ride Amtrak every year. 
argue that H.R. 427 contains an emergency exemption which allows a major rule to temporarily take effect following an executive order stating that there is an imminent threat to public health and safety. 
However, as the positive train control system rule illustrates, not every threat to the public welfare will manifest itself overnight, and not every agency’s rule is implemented as a reaction to a product recall or to a sudden tragedy. 
the fundamental responsibility to protect the public health and wellbeing remains. This legislation would substantially hinder the ability of agencies to fulfill this obligation, placing Americans at greater risk for the benefit of corporate interests. 
Sensible Safeguards—an alliance of more than 150 consumer, labor, faith, and other public interest groups—has characterized the REINS Act as ‘‘the most radical threat in generations to our government’s ability to protect the public from harm.’’ 
Echoing this analysis, 83 of our Nation’s top administrative and environmental law professors describe this legislation as ‘‘unnecessary to establish agency accountability and unwise as a matter of public policy because it undercuts the implementation of laws intended to protect people and the environment.’’ 
all the flaws in this legislation, it will address one of the most glaring problems and preserve the ability of agencies to protect public health and safety. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
this amendment exempts from the bill any rule pertaining to health or public safety. 
done properly, serves important goals, and the bill does nothing to frustrate the effective achievement of those goals. 
regulation constitutes an immense part of total Federal regulation and has been the source of many of the most abusive, unnecessarily expensive, and job and wagedestroying regulations. 
from the bill would be to severely weaken the bill’s important reforms to lower the crushing cumulative cost of Federal regulation and increase the accountability of our regulatory system to the people. 
Environmental Protection Agency’s multibilliondollar Utility MACT regulations. The Supreme Court recently invalidated those regulations, but not before the targets of the regulations had to spend multiple years’ worth of compliance costs. 
Congress could have refused to approve those regulations to begin with, saving billions of dollars in unnecessary cost. 
the ability of Federal agencies to protect the public health and wellbeing, and there are instances, as the example I just gave, where the failure to act will endanger the lives of Americans. 
amendment to improve a badly flawed piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I oppose the amendment, and I urge support for the legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
offer an amendment as the designee of my colleague, Congresswoman SHEILA  
JACKSON LEE, who regrettably is unable to be with us today. 
Page 18, line 10, insert after ‘‘any rule’’ the 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes a special rule’’. 
that pertains to the safety of any products specifically designed to be used or consumed by a child under the age of 2 years (including cribs, car seats, and infant formula).’’. 
House Resolution 380, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) and 
amendment improves H.R. 427 by exempting those regulations that are critical to protecting the health and safety of infants. 
amendment provides a special rule pertaining to the safety of any product specifically designed to be used or consumed by a child under the age of 2 years, which includes cribs, car seats, and infant formula. 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, I am very concerned about the REINS Act and the complications and delays to the rulemaking process it would create regarding regulations that would protect the health and safety of children. This legislation would amend the 
Congressional Review Act to prohibit a major rule from going into effect unless Congress enacts a joint resolution of approval within 70 legislative days. Otherwise, the rule does not go into effect. 
be enacted because it is extremely difficult, if not impossible, to move any proposed legislation through Congress within 70 days. 
Moreover, subjecting agencies to additional reporting requirements and congressional review, as mandated by H.R. 427, would not only be wasteful, it could be damaging or even deadly, especially when it comes to regulations designed to protect children and infants. 
sessions, the REINS Act would delay product safety rules affecting family products like toys, cribs, and children’s clothing. 
in H.R. 427 could result in further delay to agencies attempting to take action to protect children as it relates to harmful and deadly products, such as safety caps on medicine, flammable clothing, and tipping furniture, just to name a few. 
Safety Commission reports that a child dies every 2 weeks from furniture or TVs tipping over, and injuries from falling furniture occur every 24 minutes. 
safety of infants, toddlers, and children at risk while Congress entangles any real possibility for immediate and preventive action. 
by many individuals and organizations all across the country, including opposition by more than 450,000 members and supporters of the Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientist, as well as 83 academics in the field of administrative and environmental law, and an alliance of more than 150 consumer, labor, research, faith, and other public interest groups representing the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards. 
process and stymie regulatory agencies’ ability to protect the safety and security of the American people, especially infants. 
At a minimum, regulations promulgated to protect the safety of infants and children should not be subjected to the strictures of H.R. 47. 
The Jackson Lee amendment protects children and infants. I urge all Members to support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
amendment seeks to carve out from the REINS Act’s reforms regulations 
intended to protect young children and infants from harm. 
share, but to shield bureaucrats who write child safety regulations from accountability to Congress is no way to guarantee child safety. 
The only thing that that would guarantee is less careful decisionmaking and more insulation of faceless bureaucrats from the public. 
to make sure that Washington bureaucrats make the right decision to protect child safety when we delegate legislative authority to regulatory agencies. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, no one is 
attempting to shield bureaucrats from anything. This amendment is designed to shield infants, to protect children. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, the 
elected Representatives of the people are the best ones to be held accountable for the laws and regulations passed and adopted in this country, including those that protect children. 
where unelected bureaucrats can take whatever time they want to, write whatever regulation they want to, and then that would take effect without the Congress having to have the ability to say, yes, that truly will protect children or, no, that will not protect children. 
That is something that the American people expect from their elected representatives. For that reason, I oppose this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. 
The Chair understands that amendment No. 8 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. 
Page 18, line 10, insert after ‘‘any rule’’ the 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes a special rule’’. 
House Resolution 380, the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) and a 
rule pertaining to nuclear reactor safety standards from the new onerous approval process created by the bill. 
would allow the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the NRC, to continue to issue rules under the current system, thereby making it easier to protect Americans from nuclear disaster. 
reform, adds new procedural hoops that agencies and departments must go through before regulation can be issued, including requiring a joint resolution of approval for every major rule. 
The result is simply to impede, obstruct, and delay the attempt of government to accomplish one of its most basic functions: to protect the health and welfare of its citizens. 
about protecting public health, safety, and environment, such as the Natural Resources Defense Council, Public Citizen, and the Union of Concerned Scientists, oppose this bill. 
According to the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, which represents a coalition of many such groups, this bill ‘‘is nothing more than a backdoor way to gut enforcement of existing legislation and future safeguards that big money interests do not want. It would force Congress to refight its previous debates, wasting time and money, and paralyzing vital agency work.’’ 
scared that this bill will put their health and safety at risk. One example that highlights this fact is the subject of this amendment: nuclear power. 
power were made all the more real by the nuclear disaster in Japan at Fukushima 4 years ago. We all watched in horror when that country was devastated by the earthquake and resulting tsunami. 
disaster: the meltdown of three reactors at the Fukushima nuclear power plant. 
isotopes, the creation of a 20kilometer exclusion zone around the power plant, and the displacement of 156,000 people. Inside the evacuation zone all farming has been abandoned. 
In 2011, Virginia was struck by a relatively rare, but strong, earthquake, felt up and down the eastern seaboard. It caused a nuclear power plant near the epicenter to have to go offline. For me, this concern hits close to 
home. A nuclear power plant, Indian Point, about which many people have had concerns for years, lies just less than 40 miles away from my New York City district. 
within a 50mile radius around the plant, the same radius used by the NRC as the basis for the evacuation zone recommended after the Fukushima disaster. 
Indian Point also sits near two earthquake fault lines and, according to the NRC, is the most likely nuclear power plant in the country to experience core damage because of an earthquake. 
all Americans safe, I am offering this amendment today. 
result from disasters, be they natural or manmade, at nuclear power plants, prevention of meltdowns is the key. 
issued new rules designed to upgrade power plants to withstand severe events like earthquakes and to have enough backup power so as to avoid a meltdown for a significant length of time. 
flexibility to issue new regulations to safeguard the health and wellbeing of all Americans. 
However, H.R. 427 is intentionally designed so new and vital regulations will likely never be put in place. We cannot permit the NRC to never be able to create new regulations. 
Nadler amendment to exempt the Nuclear Regulatory Commission from the onerous new requirements for rulemaking imposed by this bill. In that way, the NRC would have the ability to safeguard public health and safety, as it should. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
amendment carves out of the REINS Act congressional approval procedures all regulations that pertain to nuclear reactor safety standards. 
REINS Act supporters believe in nuclear safety. We want to guarantee that regulatory decisions that pertain to nuclear reactor safety are the best decisions that can be made, but that is precisely why I oppose the amendment. 
from the REINS Act congressional approval procedures not only major regulations that would raise nuclear reactor safety standards, but, also, regulations that would lower them. 
nuclear reactor safety standards, whether they raise or lower standards, should fall within the REINS Act. 
over nuclear reactor safety will know that Congress must approve their major regulations before they go into 
for the agencies to write the best possible regulations, ones that Congress can easily approve. 
support because it makes Congress more accountable and ensures agencies will write better rules. All Americans will be safer for it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, how much 
1⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Virginia has 4 minutes remaining. 
prohibits any major regulation from going into effect unless both the House and Senate pass and the President signs a joint resolution of approval within 70 legislative days. 
to approve the regulation within the timeframe, it cannot take effect and a subsequent joint resolution for the same regulation cannot be considered for the remainder of the Congress. 
deadlines and the requirement that both Houses approve each and every major rule, as well as the President, this bill would effectively prevent the promulgation of many critical protections that ensure Americans’ health, safety, and economic wellbeing. 
The proponents say they support regulation when it makes sense. But this is a vast government. It is a vast economy. It is a vast socioeconomic system. 
both Houses within 70 days and the President sign a resolution of approval for every one of the thousands of regulations means most will never be considered. 
that at least where people’s lives are at stake in large numbers, where safety regulations to prevent nuclear disasters or to mitigate their effects are in question, that it not be subject to the same restrictive requirements that this rule would put into place, which would say that most regulations would never get adequately considered. 
amendment is absolutely necessary if we want to make sure that the next time there is an earthquake, God forbid, or some other disaster, or even just a power failure, that a nuclear reactor doesn’t have a terrible situation, that we don’t get a nuclear meltdown, and that if we do, regulations are in place to safeguard people’s lives and health. 
I think if we are going to pass this 
terrible bill, the least we can do is exempt nuclear safety from it. I urge all Members to support the amendment. 
closing, the facts speak for themselves. During the course of the Obama administration, which I think most people would agree has been very aggressive at imposing new regulations upon our economy and on our society—it has averaged 81 a year, not thousands, but 81 per year. 
some of those regulations impose burdens that were not intended by the underlying legislation upon which those regulations are based, and therefore this is a very manageable way to make sure that regulations don’t kill jobs and crush our economy. For that reason, I oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–230. 
Page 18, line 10, insert after ‘‘any rule’’ the 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes a special rule’’. 
that ensures the availability of affordable medication and effective healthcare management for veterans.’’. 
House Resolution 380, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ) and a 
of myself and the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), my colleague, I 
rise today to offer an amendment to prevent a spike in the copays that veterans pay for prescription drugs as a result of this misguided bill. 
Every year, the Department of Veterans Affairs publishes a rule to ensure that veterans enrolled in the VA health program don’t see as much as a 37.5 percent increase in their prescription drug copays. In this bill, the REINS Act, if it were signed into law, it would be very difficult, and perhaps impossible, for the VA to publish this rulemaking before January 1, 2016. 
Let’s face it, Congress doesn’t exactly have a great track record on acting fast. I used to say, when I was in 
the Wisconsin Legislature, sometimes things move like a tortoise. In Congress, I explain they move more like an upsidedown tortoise. 
Under this bill, copayments for approximately 2.4 million veterans would increase significantly, causing economic hardship and health risks for many veterans struggling to make ends meet. 
If this bill were to become law, veterans with a serviceconnected disability rating greater than 50 percent would see their prescription drug copays increase more than 11 times what they were paying last year. Veterans who are former prisoners of war or awarded a Purple Heart would see their copays go up nearly 38 percent. Veterans, who have been hit hardest economically after serving their country, would see their rates spike 22 percent. 
bravely have served our country don’t see Congress take money out of their pockets just to score political points. At this time, when we still have many veterans struggling to find a job, it is 
irresponsible for Congress to make it more difficult for the men and women who have served our country to pay more for the health care they deserve. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
this amendment carves out of the REINS Act’s congressional approval procedures all regulations from the Department of Veterans Affairs that concern the availability of affordable medication and effective healthcare management for veterans. 
healthcare management for veterans are goals every Member of Congress can support, but every Member of Congress also knows the Department of Veterans Affairs’ appalling recent incompetence and negligence in administering its programs. Rather than diminish the Department’s accountability to Congress for regulatory decisions concerning veterans’ health care, we should increase the Department’s accountability. That is precisely what the REINS Act does. 
Under the legislation, the Department will know that Congress must approve its major regulations concerning affordable medication and effective healthcare management before they go into effect. That provides a powerful incentive for the Department to write the best possible regulations, ones that Congress can easily approve. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time is remaining on both sides? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Wisconsin has 3 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia has 4 minutes remaining. 
with much of what the gentleman has said. The only problem is, as much as we have had some problems in the VA—and we need to take actions, and we are, including in Wisconsin where we have had an action that, in a bipartisan way, we have been working together on—the only thing worse could be the performance of Congress. 
There is a reason why the public currently rates cockroaches, head lice, traffic jams, zombies, and even the band Nickelback higher than Congress. Clearly, we do not have a performance record that shows if we pass this bill we can absolutely guarantee that a veteran won’t be paying more, a spike as much as 38 percent, or 11 times what they are currently paying. 
and I am guessing the American public won’t bet on Congress, but we have the ability with this amendment to at least say we are going to make sure those who have served our country won’t pay more for their prescription drugs if we don’t get our work done, because they have seen that all too often. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, 
what this amendment says is, because the Department of Veterans Affairs is doing a remarkably bad job of providing timely health care to citizens, we should carve out that Department’s responsibility for providing medications and timely health care and exempt it from the accountability that Congress, the elected representatives of the people, who are very responsive to the needs of veterans, would impose. 
instruct, with the passage of legislation to help veterans, and say, ‘‘You must report back regulations within a certain time period,’’ which the Congress could then act upon in a timely fashion, assuring themselves that not only have the regulations been done quickly, but also that they are going to address the problems in an effective way that we have all identified with what is going on in the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
amendment which will simply preserve the bad system we have now for helping our veterans through a Department of Veterans Affairs that is unaccountable. We should, instead, make them more accountable by passing the REINS Act. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. GOODLATTE ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. Y ODER , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, had come to no resolution thereon. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 25 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) at 4 o’clock and 
REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECUTIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 380 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 427. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, with Mr. WESTMORELAND  
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole House rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–230 offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ) 
6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed 
in part B of House Report 114–230 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 250, noes 159, not voting 24, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee 
Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Moore Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
Messrs. CICILLINE, CARSON of Indiana, COURTNEY, COSTA, and Ms. KAPTUR changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. CRENSHAW was allowed to speak out of order.) 
would like to take this opportunity to update my colleagues on a competition that takes place each year between House Democrats and House Republicans. It is called The First Tee Congressional Challenge. 
after the Ryder Cup golf matches that you watch on television from time to time. It is sponsored by Roll Call. The winner of the event each year is entitled to keep for a year what has been known as the coveted Roll Call Cup. I want to announce to the Members that, this year, the Republican team won the competition, so we will keep the cup. This is the fourth year in a row that the Republicans have won the coveted cup. 
Let me just say ‘‘thank you’’ to all of 
my teammates. I would like to congratulate my teammates for their fine work and fine play. I would like to congratulate the Democrats for their sportsmanship. We had a couple of rookies who played well. It is a spirited competition, Mr. Chairman. It is a chance for individuals to meet some folks across the aisle and to build friendships. 
fact that the money that is raised each year goes to an organization called The First Tee. It is a group that is active in all 50 of our States, and it has touched the lives of over 10,000 young people. It uses the game of golf to teach values such as hard work, honesty, and integrity. It is a wonderful organization. Over the years, we have raised over $2 million for The First Tee, so that makes it even more meaningful. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ), 
my counterpart and the captain of the Democratic team. 
and I congratulate him and the Republican team on a wellearned victory. 
times in the last few years, elections have consequences. After we lost the majority, we also lost some of our advantage in terms of talented golfers. We need to do a better job of either electing good golfers or of recruiting some of the better ones we have. 
that is made up of truly honorable and wonderful people; and I think we all, on both sides of the aisle, get a great deal of enjoyment from this competition. We have made friends; and as Mr. CRENSHAW said, we have succeeded in 
raising an awful lot of money for a very, very good cause. 
competition, and I thank my teammates for their efforts, but they need to be practicing for the next year a little more. I also want to thank the sponsors who actually contributed to this event and made the fundraising possible. 
We won 6 years in a row, and the Republicans have now won 4 years in a row. It is interesting how the streaks come along with the majority, so we will give it another try next year. 
Republicans. Even more importantly, congratulations to The First Tee for the work that they do. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 242, noes 167, not voting 24, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold 
Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego 
Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Cramer Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al 
Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
Moore Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 163, noes 246, not voting 24, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy 
Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee 
Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
Mullin Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
vote No. 475 on H.R. 427, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . CAPPS  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 166, noes 244, not voting 23, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee 
Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 166, noes 242, not voting 25, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer 
Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis 
MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Blackburn Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cole Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) 
Green, Al Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
Meeks Moore Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 167, noes 243, not voting 23, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen 
Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Jackson Lee 
Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 167, noes 241, not voting 25, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crowley 
Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings 
Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al Gutie´rrez 
Huelskamp Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
Meeks Moore Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 167, noes 239, not voting 27, as follows: 
Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Ashford Bass Bridenstine Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Conyers Fudge Graves (GA) Green, Al 
Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jordan Kelly (IL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham 
Moore Rangel Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Thompson (MS) Westmoreland 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, and, pursuant to House Resolution 380, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed in its current form. 
427 to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendments: 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
rules for certain classes of such rules (known as ‘‘special rules’’, as such term is defined 
Page 19, line 2, insert before the period at 
the end the following: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. 
of the House, my amendment would see to it that nothing in this legislation does any harm to Social Security or Medicare. Why? It is because, first of all, they are not entitlements; they are earned benefits that people started paying for the first day, the first hour that they ever went to work. 
Our seniors rely on their Social Security and Medicare. Nothing has done more to lift more people out of poverty and give them health and life expectancy than Social Security and Medicare. 
Mr. Speaker, the underlying legislation that we are looking at here proposes to provide relief, but in fact, it proposes to emasculate and do away with the regulatory process and, in the process, do great harm and great damage to the things, the many things that have made this country the great Nation that it is. 
I have got to tell you, as I look 
around this room here and the age of this Congress, make no mistake about it; many of you were there when I was there, when our rivers were running sewers, when our lakes were catching on fire, when our coal miners and boat workers were dying young in life from fiberglass lungs and coal dust in their lungs. 
one. You couldn’t find anyone that could count to 5 on their hands because they were either missing fingers, hands, arms, or legs or had lost their lives for want of a little ventilation, for want of a safety switch or a guard of some sort. 
these regulations turned all that around. That is right; they turned all that around. Guess what. They doubled our life expectancy—maybe one of the greatest accomplishments of all time. We went from our grandparents, where life expectancy was 47, to darn near 80—what an incredible accomplishment. 
protect that progress? I hope so. Do we? Do we want to pay it forward? Or do we want to turn it back? I should 
laws and do away with the rules and regulations that gave us clean water that we can drink and clean air that we can breathe without getting sick? I should hope not. Is that really what we want to do? 
healthy, safe working conditions that extended life for people who worked hard to build a life for themselves and their families? Is that what we really want to do? Do we want to do away with food safety that protected us from the drugs and the chemicals that ended our lives prematurely? Is that what we want to do? I should hope not. No. No. 
Do we want to do away with the Wall 
Street regulations, the billionaires who play so fast and loose with other people’s money? Well, we sure as heck don’t want to turn Social Security and Medicare over to them, do we? Imagine what they would do with Social Security and Medicare. It is devastating, and it is frightening. 
Mr. Speaker, my amendment protects both. That is the least we can do. My amendment protects Social Security; it protects Medicare, and that is the least that we can do for a generation that gave us so much. 
for these regulations, had it not been for Social Security and Medicare, half of us wouldn’t be here—that is right— because we increased the life expectancy from 47 to 80, so show some gratitude. Show some being grateful. Let’s protect Social Security and Medicare. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
claim the time in opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the floor of this House in 2011, the President of the United States promised the American people to reduce barriers to growth and investment: ‘‘When we find rules that put an unnecessary burden on businesses, we will fix them.’’ 
President’s words. His actions have been starkly different. Throughout the entire 6plus years of the President’s administration, a flood of new major regulations has been burying America’s job creators and households at record levels. 
To make matters worse, when Congress declines to legislate the President’s misguided policies for him, he takes his pen and his cell phone, and he increasingly resorts to unilateral regulatory actions to legislate by executive fiat. 
puts a stop to that and ensures that Congress, the body which the Constitution assigns the power to legislate, will possess an additional check on the most significant legislative decisions 
to distract from the urgent needs to reform our regulatory system and reduce unnecessary burdens on the public. I think Americans are tired of the other party telling them that their bureaucrats know better than their own elected officials. 
bill, reject this motion to recommit, and show America that Congress can act for the good of American job creators and Americans who desperately want and need jobs. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 167, noes 241, not voting 25, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lipinski Loebsack 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Hoyer Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Lee Levin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Resolved, That the following named Member be and is hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: 
ANNOUNCEMENT OF OFFICIAL OBJECTORS FOR PRIVATE CALENDAR FOR 114TH CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. On behalf of the majority and minority leaderships, the Chair announces that the official objectors for the Private Calendar for the 114th Congress are as follows: 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, in 1831, a tradition was started in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, which would go on to become a staple of the summertime agriculture expos. 
This August 9, the Huntingdon County Fair is celebrating its 125th fair, located at their 69acre site, which has evolved over the decades to boast hundreds of agricultural exhibits. Ranging from equine shows to wine tasting, the Huntingdon County Fair provides areas of interest for almost everyone. 
House Committee on Agriculture, I am proud to rise today to congratulate the people of Huntingdon County and those countless volunteers and community members who have made this time honored event a Pennsylvania tradition, including the parents and friends of 4–H, FAA youth members, and the Huntingdon County Agricultural Association. 
Here’s to wishing them 125 more successful fairs for the next generation and generations to come. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to highlight the 50th anniversary of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Since 1965, these landmark programs have provided affordable health insurance coverage and access to care for our Nation’s seniors and most vulnerable populations. Few programs have improved the lives of Americans as significantly as Medicaid and Medicare. 
Fifty years ago, almost half of elderly Americans lacked health insurance. Today, Medicare provides lifesaving insurance to nearly 100 percent of adults over 65. 
for millions of children, pregnant women, people with disabilities, seniors, and lowincome families. Over 70 million Americans currently rely on Medicaid for affordable health insurance. Medicaid covers more than one in three children, pays for nearly half of all births, and accounts for more than 40 percent of all longterm care. 
law, we celebrate the successes of Medicaid and Medicare. We must renew our commitment to further strengthening them so they remain available in perpetuity for generations to come. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to recognize Jewish Community Services of South Florida and its upcoming annual Milk & Honey event, which will take place on August 30 and starts at the Greater Miami Jewish Federation. 
This tremendous, faithbased, nonprofit organization has worked to improve the lives of South Florida residents since 1920. It is one of our State’s largest and most reliable social service organizations. 
that the JCS of South Florida provides are those focused on supporting our elderly. This year’s Milk & Honey event will, again, bring together hundreds of volunteers to assemble food baskets and hurricane preparedness kits for vulnerable South Florida seniors. 
My community liaison, Harriet Carter, and I have participated in many events of the JCS of South Florida, and I thank all the volunteers who will make this year’s Milk & Honey event a smashing success. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
yesterday, I participated in laying a wreath at the Arlington Cemetery to honor our fallen veterans and military members. 
ceremony. We need to honor our veterans now by passing the VA budget legislation. 
I support this draft legislation because it addresses the $3 billion shortfall for fiscal year 2015 that veterans had, and it keeps hospital and medical facilities open for our veterans through the end of the fiscal year. 
the dollars for health care provided to veterans and family members under the program provided by the nonVA provision. This bill allows VA to access this money. In addition, $500 million may be used for pharmaceutical expenses related to the treatment of hepatitis C at the VA. 
need, especially those who served in Vietnam; and I urge my colleagues to pass this legislation before we go home. 
one fight; and we need to look out for the VA and veterans. 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
support of Montana jobs and to rally against this administration’s war on American coal. 
jobs. Those are blue collar, union jobs. Coal means economic opportunity. Coal means affordable utilities for families and manufacturers, and coal means Montana. 
For the Crow people, there are no jobs that 
compare to the coal job. The wages and benefits exceed anything else that is available. A war on coal is a war on the Crow people. 
coal production; but, unfortunately, President Obama and his EPA are waging a more aggressive war on coal than they are against ISIS. 
Montana alone, and our coal, produces $1.7 billion in royalty payments; and that pays for schools, bridges, and our infrastructure. 
Montana jobs. Those are real jobs, like in the Rosebud mine in Colstrip, and across our State. 
support Montana and support our Nation’s energy independence through coal. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
years after the Voting Rights Act was signed into law, we still see efforts to 
strict photo ID requirements and reduced early voting, disproportionately impact minority voters in the name of preventing widespread voter fraud, a problem that simply does not exist. 
decision 2 years ago to erode some of the VRA’s most critical protections, including preclearance requirements that protect against disenfranchising laws, the Voting Rights Act is still needed more now than ever before; yet Republicans have refused to allow a renewed and strengthened Voting Rights Act to come to the floor. 
believes the right to vote is one of the most fundamental to our democracy. It is time we renew and strengthen the Voting Rights Act. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
because it is past time we call human trafficking what it really is: modern day slavery. 
at risk of being sextrafficked here in our country. On average, these children are first sold into sex slavery before their 13th birthday. As a father, I can’t fathom anything more disgusting. 
Earlier this year, I supported legislation that we successfully passed aimed at stopping sex trafficking, but the fight is far from over. Human trafficking generates $9.5 billion worldwide each and every year, and the criminals that profit off of sex trafficking aren’t going to give in that easily. 
For example, right now in my district, backpage.com, a disgusting Web site that facilitates online sex trafficking, is suing Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart because he stood up to the evil and corrupt people who profit off of the exploitation of minors. 
everything that we can to put a definitive end to this atrocity. I commend Sheriff Dart for standing up for what is right, and I pledge to work with my colleagues here in this House, on both sides of the aisle, to stop this abhorrent crime. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Amanda Jones was kidnapped in Dallas, Texas. She was 15 years of age, and then she was sold for sex at the hands of human traffickers. 
rural areas. Their souls are stolen from them, and no community is immune. 
She eventually escaped with her daughter and, thankfully, found services through a new wonderful organization in Dallas, New Friends New Life. New Friends New Life is primarily funded by Dallas donors, and it provides services to victims to address their unique needs. It helps them rebuild their lives. 
victims become survivors instead of victims. We need more programs like this one, where survivors help each other. 
for Victims of Trafficking Act, more services will be available to victims like Amanda. We can stop traffickers in their tracks because our children are not for sale, in our town, in our State, or in our country. 
like to take a moment this evening to offer my appreciation and sincere best wishes to Mark Wellman, my chief of staff for the last 4 years, who is leaving us at the end of this week to accept an appointment as a professor of constitutional law at the United States Military Academy at West Point. 
Mark has superbly served as a congressional staffer for more than two decades—first, with our late colleague, Congressman Paul Gillmor of Ohio; and then, following an earlier tour at West Point, in my office. 
served with distinction in the National Guard, including a tour in Iraq, and has risen to the rank of colonel. 
gentleman of the first order, the world’s most loyal Chicago Cubs fan, and a great American. He will be truly missed. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
come to the floor to recognize several unsung heroes in the Fourth Congressional District of Texas. 
just now beginning to recover from recent flooding at historic levels, so I appreciate the opportunity to thank all the sheriff and fire departments in communities across our district in Grayson, Fannin, Lamar, Red River, Bowie, Hopkins, Delta, and Cass Counties. 
DurbinHiggins, Joyce and Steven Molder, and Robert Flowers in Grayson County; and Jim Roberts, Deborah Lann, and James Carlow in Bowie County, as well as so many others, are deserving of our gratitude. 
have been vital and, in some cases, heroic, many folks back home are still suffering. Mr. Speaker, I want my constituents to know that they can still reach out to my office if they need any assistance or help with any issues related to flooding. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HONORABLE TOM M CCLINTOCK, MEMBER OF CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable TOM 
formally pursuant to rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a nonparty subpoena, issued by the Madera County Superior Court, Madera County, California, for documents in a civil case. 
After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the precedents and privileges of the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
I begin, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative 
days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topics of this Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from West Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, tonight, we want to talk about these three subjects as it relates to coal. You 
have already heard recent remarks made a few minutes ago about the war on coal, but we want to talk about the impacts of coal, the regulations, and the Clean Power Plan. That is what we are going to be talking about tonight are these three primary subjects. 
We want to talk about how does this coal industry—you hear us, many of us that come from coal country, we have been fighting about coal, fighting for coal—why do we do that? 
that aren’t coming from a coal community, now, we mine coal in 27 States, but just look at this, the impact, what it has—between coal mining at $58 billion a year and then the generation of power from coal totals $142 billion. 
to a lot, but $142 billion, put that in context with the automobile industry. All of us are familiar with cars. We all hear the commercials on television. We know about the discussion about how you have got to have the latest car. 
The automobile industry is $130 billion. That is why many of us, all across this country, are concerned about this future of the coal industry. It is larger than the automobile industry. I want you to understand that. Everyone should make sure they grasp the impact of that. 
have been talking about for some time, I want to make sure that people understand how it affects us individually and affects a State like West Virginia. 
rate in West Virginia was the seventh best in the country. But after 7 years of a war on coal, after regulation after regulation after regulation, West Virginia’s unemployment rate now has dropped and we are in the last place in the Nation. 
You go from number 7 to 50th in just 7 years. Combine that with the families of our coal miners. Just in the past 3 years, 45 percent of the coal miners in West Virginia have lost their jobs, 45 percent. These are people. These are real people. They are not statistics. 
us over the years—my 5 years in Congress—he showed us that these are the people we are talking about all over this country who are losing their jobs. 
rates in counties two and three times the rate of the national figures: 13.5 percent, 13 percent, 12 percent, 10 percent. That is tough for a family, a community, a State, all to be able to survive. 
We keep talking about mines shutting down. I want people to understand, when you shut down coal mines, you really affect a community. These people all have families. When these men lose their jobs, it affects other people. 
shut down our coal mining industry. Yes, they can. They are doing a pretty good job of it, if that was their intent, was to shut down and for people to lose their jobs. 
lose their jobs, it is not just the coal miners who are losing their jobs. It is the other individuals in the community. 
workers, the barge operators, the trucking industry, all that come to pick up the coal at the mine to take it to the power plant. 
The machinists, the concrete suppliers, the people that put the conveyor belts in, and the building that we have to do with it, all of them lose their jobs. The timber industry. 
school board when the school boards are struggling to make ends meet because so many of their employers are gone and their tax base is eroded with it. But, also, go to the grocery store and find out that is the impact. Grocery stores, pharmacies, restaurants, apartment buildings. 
the impact of this as we get into this. We have got several speakers here tonight to talk more about it. 
plants across America. There are over 500 coalfired plants operating today around this country. 
Club, Bloomberg, Earthjustice, and all have been touting the fact that they want by the year 2017 to take onethird of those red dots off the map. 
generate electricity can be gone because of the rules and the way some of the environmental groups are pursuing this. Onethird of them. 
this, you have to deal with what they have talked about. If we continue to shut down coalfired power plants and don’t replace them, whether that is with wind, solar, or gas, our grid reliability is going to be in question. 
our power? FERC has already said that, if we don’t do something by 2017, they are saying the Midwest is going to start experiencing rolling blackouts. So let’s be careful with this. I am going to stop now. We have 
tried to frame some of the argument about this history of how we got to this point that you are seeing the frustration in Congress. But I wanted to put that again in context. 
This industry is bigger than the automobile industry, but we don’t have the big communities. We don’t have the Detroits and the Grand Rapids. We just have Farmington, Lumberport, small towns that make up the backbone of rural America. That is what we are trying to fight for. 
about, you know, we don’t have the Detroits, we don’t have the New Yorks, we don’t have the big cities in coal country. 
coal country, but I guarantee you those big cities get some of their electricity from the coal that is produced by the coal miners that live in our region. 
Surface Mining Reclamation has spent more than $10 million of its budget to pursue a wholesale rewrite of one of the agency’s regulatory programs. 
by the agency, this massive regulatory undertaking has little to do with protecting streams and much more to do with riding roughshod over State regulatory programs. 
This rule rewrite means more Americans will be out of work and that electricity bills of hardworking families could increase. 
As OSM’s related draft environmental impact statement indicates, the Appalachian Basin, home to thousands of Ohioans who depend on the coal industry for their livelihood, to put food on their table, to put clothes on their children, to send their children to school, could see as many as 450 productionrelated jobs lost per year, with potential adverse impacts of $37 million annually. 
the administration, as Interior Secretary Sally Jewell was recently quoted as characterizing the job loss in coal country associated with this rule rewrite as ‘‘minor.’’ 
on a trip to any coal mine in Ohio and directly tell the hardworking miners— look them in the eye and tell them that this new rule has only minor impacts. 
I will clear my schedule, and I will be 
available any day, anytime, to go with her if she wants to come there. 
and ignores the relevant input from those stakeholders with the most expertise in regulating mining, the States who have been doing it for years. 
involved in the rules development have withdrawn their support due to OSM’s 
urge the House to consider H.R. 1644, the STREAM Act, as soon as possible. 
STREAM Act would direct the administration to conduct a comprehensive study of the effectiveness of the Stream Buffer Zone Rule that has been in place since 1983. We have been doing this for a long time and protecting 
While this study occurs, a prohibition on the promulgation of new rules addressing the stream protection or stream buffers will be implemented to ensure that the Secretary incorporates the findings of the study into any future rulemaking. 
This is just one example, Mr. MCKINLEY, of the regulatory overreach of this 
administration and its devastating impacts on coal miners, on families that depend on the coal industry for their livelihoods, and the businesses that depend on costaffordable, reliable electricity across our country. 
have been one of our stalwarts in pushing this legislation for all 5 years you have been here on this. 
recognize the work that you are doing on behalf of the coal miners and this whole industry. 
other folks here to address the issue. We have got this chart up. Eventually, we are going to get to that in the next part of it. 
is here are all the regulations. These are all the regulations that are affecting the coal industry, the manufacturing industry, all promulgated from the Clean Air Act. We will get to that in a minute. But, in the meantime, let’s hear from some more individuals. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Congressman M CKINLEY , thank you for 
your leadership as chair of the Coal Caucus. It does great work. I am honored to be a part of it, and I am honored to work with you. 
the people of America need to know, we are at a critical point in this war on coal, and it truly is a war on coal. 
Virginia and to West Virginia’s economy and to this country. Coal supports many crucial investments in southern West Virginia, in my congressional district. 
roads, and infrastructure. It will make King Coal Highway a reality and make sure we do not have a bridge to nowhere, like we already have in southern West Virginia. 
the bills. Coal supports families. Coal generates the revenue that provides for our roads, our schools, our police, and our fire departments. Coal keeps the lights on. 
doesn’t recognize the value of coal or of the people who work to mine it. They are proposing regulation after regulation to make it harder to mine coal, harder to burn coal, and harder to produce affordable energy from coal. 
of our coal jobs in just the last 6 years. While that is a sobering number, it is more than a statistic. 
Each one of those employees has responsibilities. They have bills. They have families. They have rent or house payments. How will they provide for themselves and others without their coal jobs? 
jobs, West Virginia energy, and West Virginia coal. That is exactly what I am doing in Congress as a member of the House Appropriations Committee. 
At one hearing, I did ask EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy to come to West Virginia and listen to us. She declined. So I brought Logan County coal miners to Washington to testify before Congress. 
paychecks to support their families and how they are worried overregulation will put them out of work. 
our miners will be able to provide for their families and that our State still has access to affordable domestic energy. I will continue to fight each and every day. 
just wanted to add, because you talked about education, that the Duke Energy plant over in New Richmond, Ohio—the closure of that cost them $1.5 million out of their school system, out of their property taxes, with that. 
talk about the impact it is going to have on schools when we start depriving that. 
Albright plant. They lost $380,000. The AEP plant over in Lockbourne, Ohio, is $406,000. 
the communities. It is depriving our school systems of money, all pushing an ideology. So thank you for joining this fight. 
Speaker, it is about time. Time is running out. I think right now we look at what is happening in coal country and nothing could be more alarming than what is happening. 
kept. When he ran as a candidate, he said: You can continue to generate 
electric power by burning coal. But if you decide to go that way, we will bankrupt you. That is one promise he has kept. 
responsible for over 40,000 jobs and 40 percent of our electric power. The Associated Press calls it the workhorse of America’s power system. 
EPA is threatening jobs and forcing energy costs for families and manufacturers to skyrocket, which hurts every single American. That is something I think the general public has to understand. 
those mines and while maybe they don’t bring that precious product out from underneath the ground and while maybe they don’t work in a coalfired power plant, one thing they do know is, when they hit that switch to turn on the power, it is reliable because of coal. 
Coal has always driven the fact that we not only have coal that is abundant, we have coal that is accessible and we have coal that is very affordable. 
from this workhorse of America’s power system? That is one of the reasons we reintroduced the Coal Country Protection Act; that is H.R. 2637. 
would stop any EPA regulations from affecting America’s power plants until four outcomes are achieved: number one, no job losses; number two, no loss in GDP or economic growth; number three, no higher electric rates; and, number four, no interruption in the reliable delivery of electrical energy. These are pretty commonsense goals. 
that or who would certify? Well, the Secretary of Labor could do it; the Congressional Budget Office could do it; the Energy Information Administration could do it; the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission could do it, and the North American Electric Reliability Corporation could do it. 
time, but it is time not just for the coal country people to stand up and fight for coal; it is time for the whole country to stand up and fight for coal. It is well past the midnight hour. 
and lose jobs and shut down communities and raise people’s electric rates and then people at home sit back and wonder: What are they doing in Washington? Why do they continue to hurt us at every turn? 
some of this policy have never done what you have done; they have never walked in your shoes; they have never had to do what we have done in coal country to protect electric power. 
now at a time when the country is looking for jobs, at a time when the country is looking for less dependence 
on foreign nations for energy? Why now? Why, Mr. President? Why continue to push in the direction you have been pushing? 
about coal country; this is about our whole country. 
you for fighting this fight. The 5 years we have been here together, this has been something we fought to go every day in every way and will continue to do. 
America to also be heard. Please do not sit in silence and suffer in silence when your voices need to be heard. We need to have everybody standing up for coal, standing up for the production of electricity that is affordable and reliable, and we just need to look at where we are going and say: My goodness, the people we sent to represent us, the people we sent to protect us, it is time for them to stand up and do exactly what they took a pledge to do. 
thank my colleagues for being here tonight. This is something we will never give up on, we will never walk away 
from. It has come to our shoulders. We can’t ever walk away from it because it is not an option. 
one of the biggest shortcomings here is I don’t think other Members of Congress and I don’t think the American public understand the magnitude of this industry. That is why I started off with that chart, to show you that between the coal and the coalfired electrical plants, it is larger than the automobile industry. 
that if we told the automobile industry that they had to cut back onethird of their capacity of cars, but that is okay, they are going to say, because what we do is people will ride bikes or they will take the train or the bus. That is not our culture in America. They would fight back, too. 
of these people that represent our coal fields. We have enjoyed the cost of electricity coming from low cost because of coal. In America, all across, we showed 49 of the 50 States burn coal—49—and this administration wants to stop that, wants to cut back. 
I would say, if you are going to cut 
back the coal industry, then look at the automobile industry as well; if you are going to go after one huge component of our economy, go after the automobile industry as well with it. 
We talked about a lot. Now, let’s continue on. 
Ohio, I think you had some remarks you wanted to make. 
gentleman for holding this Special Order on this very important topic. 
every Ohioan across the country, but very soon, the EPA is expected to release its Clean Power Plan. This is just another burdensome regulatory scheme that will increase energy costs. 
The Energy Information Administration—that is the government agency dedicated to the impartial analysis of data—reported it will cause the price of electricity rates to rise for consumers. 
their budgets as much as they can, struggling to make ends meet. Raising their monthly electric bills is just going to make their struggle worse. 
the Ratepayer Protection Act, as you know, to stop the implementation of a clean power plan while the courts address the legal challenges to the plan and give Ohioans a break from the EPA’s heavyhanded regulations. 
the public and industry input is not without precedent. When considering the redefinition of waters of the United States rule, the agencies did not take into account the opinions of their State partners. Within hours, 27 States and countless organizations filed lawsuits challenging the rule. 
Supreme Court found that the EPA failed to consider compliance costs when proposing new rules for power plants. 
with this plan, it will only hurt those who want reliable, affordable energy. It is time to set aside partisan agendas. 
scratch and work with the stakeholders and industry partners to create a commonsense plan that strengthens our energy infrastructure and safeguards our environment. 
thank you for holding this Special Order today—and Mr. Speaker—because this affects a large region of our country. I know you talked about, what, 400 coalfired plants across the country. 
and you have to have reliable and affordable energy for businesses to grow and create jobs. This Clean Power Plan is going to lay around and strangle our businesses and put people out of work across the Midwest and across my State in Ohio. 
I thank you for doing this tonight. Mr. MCKINLEY. Thank you very 
much. Thank you for bringing up the Ratepayer Protection Act because, as you know, after we followed the MATS rule, after the Supreme Court ruled that unconstitutional, you didn’t hear the President complain because they had effectively accomplished everything they wanted before that rule. 
I am afraid that is why the importance of this Ratepayer Protection Act is because, if we continue to shut down our coal power plants and deprive our communities of taxpayer moneys to run our schools, then that winds up—if it is ruled unconstitutional later on, 
then how do we recover the moneys that we have lost? Can we reopen a school that was closed because a community lost its operation? Do we recover? How do we recover that? That is why it is important. 
Ratepayer Protection Act because we need to make sure that the courts have ruled before the action is taken. You and I are going to be paying more for our utility bills as a result of that if and until it is ruled unconstitutional. We know it is coming; they know it is coming. Thank you for bringing that up. 
one of our—I can’t say one of our newest Members, but he is a Member from Kentucky that has been very outspoken. I appreciate very much Congressman BARRfrom Kentucky. 
thank the gentleman, my colleague and friend, from West Virginia for his leadership in the Congressional Coal Caucus, to my colleagues from Pennsylvania and Ohio, and all over the country representing coalproducing States where good people—men and women—working in the coal mines literally power America. 
work in the coal mines; they support the coal miners—an industry that provides affordable and reliable energy that powers the American economy and has been the backbone of the American economy. 
instead of applauding the heroic work that these men and women do, day in and day out, underground and above ground, what is the response of the Federal Government over the last 6 years? It has been to singularly punish this industry. 
from either party in the history of the United States that has singled out a single industry with the level of vindictiveness, frankly, and targeted a single industry and literally bankrupted many of these companies. 
reasons, but let me just share with you a little bit about the coal industry in Kentucky. We could very well be the poster child for demonstrating the tremendous negative impact and the consequences of this heartless, aggressive, anticoal policy from the EPA and from this administration’s regulatory policy. 
Kentucky has lost more than 8,000 coal mining jobs throughout our State. For every one coal mining job, three additional jobs are directly tied to every coal mining job. This is a direct result of the administration’s war on coal. 
from natural gas, and we celebrate the fracking boom and the result of discoveries in natural gas, but I can tell you what the coal industry says. It is not cheap natural gas that is the cause of these lost jobs; it is the fact that the Federal Government has put its heavy hand of regulatory power on the scales to make this industry noncompetitive. 
problem, in the first quarter of 2015 alone, Kentucky’s coal employment numbers dropped another 10
production in Kentucky has decreased to its lowest level since 1963. In 2015, production levels are currently half of what they were just two decades ago; yet demand for energy in the United States has suddenly increased. 
Mr. Speaker, when it comes to talking about the face of the war on coal. Many of my colleagues have shared these stories about what this really means, what all of these regulations really mean in the real world. It is not statistics on a page; it is not about coal production percentages on decline. 
Sally, the young woman in Wolfe County, Kentucky, that I met with tears in her eyes at the end of a townhall meeting. 
and she said: Do they know what they are doing to our family? My husband lost his job because the coal mining employer that he works for didn’t get a permit, and so now, he is out of work. Don’t those people in Washington understand that I have got kids? We are going back to school; it is August, and I can’t afford shoes for my kids. I had to go to Walmart and buy them flip flops, just so they wouldn’t be embarrassed to go back to school. 
Now, I want the regulators in Washington, D.C., to come back to Kentucky, to eastern Kentucky, and meet Sally and look Sally in the eye and ask her to describe to them what the impact of this war on coal is for her. 
miner from Wolfe County, Kentucky, in my district, he gets up at 3 a.m. every morning to commute an hour to go to work in the coal mines just to put food on the table. 
me with an incredible expression and says: ANDY, don’t they understand 
what they are doing? They are putting people out of work. They are making life harder on the American people. Surely, these are the people who say they are fighting for the working man. I am the working man. Congressman, what are they thinking? 
says: Congressman, I don’t know much about politics; I don’t really care much about politics, but if you can go save my job, I am for you. Can’t the politicians in Washington fight for people just to go to work and provide for their families? These are paychecks that these people depend on. 
family, and because of his father’s hard work, he had opportunities. 
about real people who have been victimized by bureaucrats in Washington who are out of touch—if the bureaucrats in Washington would at least just go to these places—West Virginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Kentucky—and look these people in the eye and ask them what they think about their policies. 
Worst of all, it is all done in the 
name of the environment. We all love the environment. These coal miners love the environment. They come from a beautiful part of the country, in Appalachia. 
the environment or environmental stewardship, but what is so sad is that these regulations aren’t going to do a darn thing about global carbon emissions. 
administration has proposed would reduce global carbon emissions by less than 1 percent—for what, $8 billion in additional annual cost to our economy and thousands of American families without paychecks. 
United States is right to stand up for these families. The Congress of the United States is right to stand up for jobs. 
That is why I support all of the legislative work done by this House by these good Members—the STREAM Act from my colleague and friend from West Virginia; the coal residuals bill that the gentleman, the chairman, has championed and done a great job in supporting, my colleague, EDWHITFIELD , the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee on the Ratepayer Protection Act; the REINS Act, which we just voted for and passed out of this House, which would stop all of these costly regulations. 
stand up for American jobs, for American energy, and for Americanproduced coal power. I thank the gentleman for his leadership. 
gentleman touched on something that I don’t know that our listeners or even the other Members of Congress quite grasp, but the gentleman touched on it in one statement he made. It is the claim that CO2emissions of the world 
I will just accept, for discussion purposes, that that is the basis of their war on coal, this ideological fight that we are involved in. I will use the United Nations’ statistics—not the Republican caucus’, not the coal country’s numbers, but the United Nations’. 
were to stop all coalfired capacity in every school, church, hospital, power station—if we were to stop all burning of coal in America in total so that 
there became no coal being consumed in America—you would reduce the CO2 
emissions of the world by twotenths of 1 percent. 
Mr. BARR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MCKINLEY. I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky. 
make this point that this is the United States of America. 
solve problems through entrepreneurship, free enterprise, and innovation. We put a man on the Moon because we are Americans. We believe in freedom, and we believe in innovation. 
emissions and climate change, then we should solve the problem the American way, through fossil energy research. What we should not do is supply a Sovietstyle, commandandcontrol solution from Washington, which will not solve the problem. 
What we need to be doing is exporting American technology to China and India and other countries that have inferior electricitygenerating capabilities. 
wanted to touch base again before we go to our last speaker. 
is the overwhelming number of rules that we are trying to deal with in America in dealing with fossil fuels, from ozone to new source performance standards. I could go on. 
greenhouse gas tailoring rule. We have to deal with those. Let me show the impact as already predicted is going to happen. It is that we are going to see higher utility bills. If we want to see that, just keep doing it because that is exactly what is going to happen. 
shows, just in West Virginia 7 years ago—let’s just say for discussion—you had a $100 bill for your monthly electric. Now, because of all of the rules, we are at $160. That is a 60 percent increase in the cost of utilities. Some might argue it is because of the cost of coal. No. The cost of coal has dropped. 
plants—the utilities—are having to put excessive money into the production of electricity to meet some of those rules that we talked about over there. It is coming out of our pockets. Someone is paying for that. You and I are paying for that. 
up. Look at Arizona. They are suggesting that the increased cost in Arizona is going to go up 40 percent; in the State of Washington, 37 percent; in California, 24 percent. All we have to ask is: Is this what the consumers want? 
Let me show you another chart here. This talks about where coal is being 
used. Now, this administration has been very effective in shutting it off. You have heard the horror stories of what has happened in Kentucky. I have heard of some of it in West Virginia. In 
Ohio, it is the same story—in Indiana, in Illinois. The impact it is having on our industry is destructive. They are destroying the industry. The industry is on its knees now. 
But what about overseas? The International Energy Agency has 
already indicated that they have a voracious appetite for coal elsewhere outside of America. No one else is following the administration’s lead on this idea of this war on coal. 
burning coal every which way they can. Whether it is in China or in India—wherever they are—they are using coal. As a matter of fact, from the year 2000 to 2013, they increased their appetite for coal by 70 percent; but in America, we dropped. It is important to understand where this fight is and what we have to do to fight for the individuals. 
our discussion tonight about coal and its impact, about the Clean Power Plan and the effective regulations, I yield to the gentleman from the Second District of West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ), 
Speaker, I thank Congressman M CKINLEYfor his leadership on this issue and 
in our great State of West Virginia. I thank Congressman BARRfor his great 
comments and for his telling some personal stories about how this affects real Americans from different States. 
blessed with abundant natural resources. Unfortunately, President Obama has made a campaign commitment to destroy coal as a domestic energy source, and he is intent on fulfilling that promise. 
Just 2 weeks ago, the Office of Surface Mining, under the Department of the Interior, released its latest set of rules and regulations that will cripple the coal industry not only in West Virginia, but across the country. These new rules and regulations are over 2,500 pages in length. 
looks like, here it is, ladies and gentlemen. It is six folders full of new regulations—2,500 pages. This is what it looks like, okay? The Department of the Interior has given us 60 days to go through this. It is a lot of work. At the very least, a 120day extension is needed beyond the current 60day comment period. 
BISHOP of the Natural Resources Committee, on which I serve, and 43 Members of Congress in sending a letter to the Obama administration, requesting a 120day extension of the comment period for the recently announced job killing stream buffer zone regulation right here. 
Second District of West Virginia have been going through this very hard over the last several days since it came out. We have been trying to look at all of 
and we have come across a couple of things that, I think, are worth pointing out so far. 
For instance, on page 1201 of the proposed regulation, it reads: 
lines and other transmission facilities that are used for or are incidental to surface mining activities on the permit area are designed and constructed to minimize electrocution hazards to raptors and other alien species with large wingspans. 
The Office of Surface Mining is worried about protecting raptors and other birds from electrocution, so they have created a special regulation just to prevent that from happening. That is right. Here it is—required. We found on page 1201, buried within thousands of pages of regulations, that coal companies are to build special power lines to prevent ‘‘raptors from getting zapped.’’ 
have the same concerns for their own projects. According to the Smithsonian, somewhere between 140,000 and 328,000 birds die each year from flying into wind turbines. 
activity that is likely to jeopardize the continued existence of threatened or endangered species listed by the Secretary or proposed for listing by the Secretary or that is likely to result in the destruction or adverse modification of designated critical habitat in violation of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. 
That is a long sentence with a lot of 
‘‘ors.’’ This absurd regulation would prohibit mining near animals that the Director of the Interior has simply proposed for listing as endangered or as threatened. 
It would be one thing to prevent mining operations around animals that are actually endangered, but this regulation goes far, far beyond protecting endangered species. This is a stunning regulatory power grab that an environmental extremist Secretary will use to put miners out of business. 
heart of this rulemaking, which is to fundamentally change the definition of a ‘‘stream’’ to include temporary streams. Temporary streams are, essentially, ditches that fill up with water when it rains, and the water goes away quickly. They are calling them ‘‘streams’’ now. 
Center for Mining estimates that these rules will destroy as many as 80,000 coal jobs across the country. My colleague Congressman ANDY BARR put 
some names to those stories of individuals who are losing their jobs. He just referred to them in his remarks, and I appreciate that. 
taxpayers who are simply trying to provide for their families; and these idealistic, extremist regulations are putting them out of work. It is harming families not only in our States of West Virginia and Kentucky, but across the country. These new regulations would be catastrophic to the coal 
industry and to all of the hardworking American families who depend on coal to keep their energy costs low. 
The economy of the Appalachian Region and West Virginia, in particular, are uniquely threatened by these regulations because of our mountainous topography and abundance of small streams. 
Industry estimates say this administrative action could mean 45 to 79 percent of the coal reserves in the Appalachia would no longer be usable. The damage from such a critical blow to the industry would create a ripple of hardship in our State. 
over 90 percent of the energy consumed in West Virginia is produced by coal power, and distress in the coal industry will raise home energy prices and business energy costs for everybody. Low income folks are going to struggle with this. 
Furthermore, approximately 60 percent of West Virginia State business tax revenue is derived from coal revenues. A significant decrease in these revenues would put a severe financial strain on the State budget, and it could potentially hurt crucial services in our State, like public schools, Statefunded health clinics, and the funding of our law enforcement agencies. 
colleagues on the Natural Resources Committee, and I thank my colleague from West Virginia and my colleague from Kentucky for cosponsoring my bill, H.R. 1644. It is also known as the STREAM Act. 
through committee before any real damage can be done by this harmful new rule. It is time that the administration wakes up and realizes that their regulations are hurting hard working American taxpayers for no good reason. 
thank the gentleman for his comments on that and for bringing up also the Clean Power Plan as we were wrapping up with that. 
the rest of the Members should be as well—with the idea that is being promoted by the senior Senator from Kentucky, which is maybe we should not be so quick to jump on the Clean Power Plan. 
The President may very well be overturned on this constitutionally. But if the States implement this voluntarily and impact our schools, our communities, our environment, our health care, our hospitals, by shutting down, we won’t be able to recover from that. 
intriguing concept, and that is just say no. It kind of reminds me of Barbara Bush a few years ago. 
several States that are either saying no or are deeply and seriously considering saying no. 
States like Oklahoma, Indiana, Wisconsin, Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, and Mississippi are not going to jump on this legislation just yet. 
administration because they have seen the strategy here, which is just to use a bullying tactic, push it through, knowing full well 5 or 6 years from now it is going to be overturned in the courts. But we will never get our jobs back. 
Those individuals that you were talking about, Congressman BARR, those 
individuals that came up to you, they are not going to have a job. 
will have gone someplace else to try to find something else. They are going to be uprooted from their communities. 
No, we have to fight. This is the fight 
I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). 
just about the coal mining jobs and the coal miners who will lose their jobs. 
district. My district mainly is known for thoroughbred horses and bourbon distilleries and cattle, in addition to the University of Kentucky and the City of Lexington, but we do border the coal industry. 
citizens on fixed incomes or lowincome folks who live in those noncoal producing counties in my district is that their electricity bills are going to double or triple if this Clean Power Plan goes into effect. 
percent of the electricity in Kentucky comes from coal. Coal keeps the lights on. Coal provides affordable energy. 
that, in a single year, folks who live below the poverty line are going to see their electricity bills increase by two times, maybe three times, and that is simply something that they can’t afford. 
Americans, not just coalmining families, but, also, fixedincome seniors and other lowincome Americans. 
make sure that we go back over what we have talked about. 
coal. We have talked about the individuals, as you just referred to on their electric bills. We see the drama that is going to play out over this. 
We have seen the numbers of regulations that are coming forth with this, with these bullying tactics, this hostility toward coal. We have seen this last result, the Clean Power Plan. These have to stop. America needs to wake up. 
people across West Virginia and the Nation, in Kentucky and Illinois, to Montana, to California, to demonstrate to them that you are already using coal. You are getting the advantages of coal. 
technology so that we can cut down our emissions. The idea of shutting off coal is shortsighted, and the rest of the world isn’t following. 
know, if no one is following you, then all you are doing is a man taking a walk. 
lead. We have groups that are willing to take this on and fight for coal, fight for the jobs and the people that are affected by this. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1994, VA ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3236, SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND VETERANS HEALTH CARE CHOICE IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Order of Mr. MCKINLEY ) from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–234) on the resolution (H. Res. 388) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of 
employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3236) to provide an extension of Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 
had a most interesting discussion on coal. Let’s continue on with natural resources for a few moments here. 
State of California. I put this map up as an opportunity for interested parties to observe what is happening in the State of California. 
our drought in California. You can see from this map, in 2003, we had a serious 
The yellow is now just a small part of the State of California, meaning it is still serious. 
It is mostly out in the delta, out in 
the desert and in southern California, Imperial Valley, part of San Diego, Riverside, and San Bernardino County. 
And there is a little bit of drought up 
here in the far north, north coast area, in Del North County. 
really serious. So California is really in a very serious state of hurt at the moment. 
enormous impact not just in the San Joaquin Valley, but really throughout the entire State of California. 
is mandated by the State for the entire State. And so, in southern California, central California, northern California, that dramatic reduction in the consumption of water is well underway. 
I live here in the central part, in the 
delta of California, which I will talk about at some length. 
legislation to address this issue, the Valadao bill. What it really was all about was a relaxation of the environmental protections and, thereby, a mechanism to basically take what water remains in northern California here in the Sacramento Valley and transport it down into the San Joaquin Valley here. 
which we have seen so much of over the years. 
While all of that talk is going on here 
in Washington, D.C., what is happening is that California is doing what it has done so very well, and that is mine not coal, which we heard about from our colleagues from the coal states, but, rather, mine water. 
happening in the aquifers of California. In June of 2002, you see a lot of green. The aquifers, while still depleted, were thought to be in pretty good shape. 
In 2008, as a result of expansion of agriculture in cities and communities throughout California, the mining of water was going on so much so that we are now beginning to see these yellow and brown areas show up. 
2008 to 2014, we are beginning to see the very severe overdraft of the aquifers of California. Will these aquifers rebound when the rains return? Perhaps. 
will not. And the result of this extraordinary overdrafting of the aquifers in California will place in jeopardy many, many communities, agricultural communities as well as the human communities. 
Joaquin Valley along the eastern side communities are simply out of water. 
The aquifers have been mined, overdrafted, to the point where there is no more ability to draw from the aquifers, 
to provide these communities, many of whom are lowincome communities with very little resources of their own, unable to dig deeper wells to provide themselves with water. 
weeks ago attempted to address this, but in a very insufficient way. 
with the drought, and they basically are short term, immediate, and long term. 
I draw the attention to the Huffman bill, which is a comprehensive effort to deal with California’s both shortterm and longterm efforts. 
I also draw attention to the Napolitano bill and basically draw your attention to how it should not be done, which was the Valadao bill. 
Now, action is underway in the Senate. Our Senator, DIANNE FEINSTEIN , is 
about to introduce legislation. We have not had a chance to see the full legislation. 
Huffman bill is introduced into it, and we know that some of the Napolitano bill is also introduced. 
I want to deal with those opportunities that present themselves and, at the same time, suggest that the Valadao bill should not be passed. 
There is no need to push aside the environmental laws. There is no need to waive the California constitution and the water rights system in the constitution as the Valadao bill does. It is hidden, but it is there. 
is how we can address the California water needs. I call this the little sip/big gulp strategy. It is a proposal that I made some 3 years ago and continue to work on. It is a water plan for all of California. 
It is similar to a program put out by 
the California administration, not for tunnels, not the California water fix, not the BDCP—all of those programs are simply a way to transfer water— but, rather, what we call a water fix, a water plan, for all of California. 
Basically, what it involves is a mechanism to provide water for the growing population of California for the agricultural areas, Sacramento and San Joaquin, called the Great Central Valley, for the urban regions here in the bay area and down in southern California. 
Basically, it now takes water from northern California from the Colorado River. It brings water into the southern California area, where it is consumed. 
It is cleaned yet again, and a great amount of water is dumped then into the Pacific Ocean. 
tell me they are taking water from northern California 400 or 500 miles from the Colorado River, bringing it into southern California, cleaning it, using it once, and then dumping it into the ocean? 
what has happened, so much so that what I think is probably the fifth biggest river on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere is, in fact, the sanitation plants in southern California. 
So the first option would be to recycle that water. That is very much a part of the Napolitano bill, as well as the Huffman bill: recycling. Use the water that is already there. Clean it and reuse it. 
County down here. Orange County has one of the largest recycling programs anywhere in the United States. Good for them. But that much more can be done. 
and a half dollars, you may be able to get 500,000 acrefeet of new water that is already in southern California. 
southern California, the great Los Angeles Basin, as well as the great San Francisco area. 
Here in Sacramento a major recycling program is now underway by the Sacramento Regional Sanitation District. Good for them. 
in the Sacramento area, the rest of it put back in the river as clean water and then available for environmental purposes in the bay as well as for the San Joaquin Valley and, indeed, all the way to Los Angeles. 
A lot of people talk about desalinization. Yes, certainly there is now a desalinization plant that is opening that will be producing a significant amount of water down here in Carlsbad in San Diego County. There is also a desalinization plant in the Santa Barbara area. 
Those are important. However, desalinization is far more expensive than recycling. The recycled water turns out to be quite cleaner than the ocean water. It doesn’t have all the salts and other contaminants because it has already been significantly cleaned in the sanitation process—so recycling. 
The most important and most immediate and, frankly, underway, as I said, 25 percent reduction in water consumption required in California now, that is called conservation. Clearly, conservation is the simplest, least expensive, and the largest source of water for the future. 
Conservation is taking place by mandate now, but also a great deal of conservation is taking place in the agricultural areas up and down the coast as well as the agricultural areas in the Monterey Bay area and, actually, everywhere in California. 
years leading to this moment, more can and must be done in conservation, both urban as well as agriculture. Perhaps estimates by the State government indicate somewhere between 3 and 5 million acrefeet of water can be saved through a very robust conservation program up and down the State. 
legislation that has been put forth by Ms. NAPOLITANO as well as by Mr. 
HUFFMAN . A major and very, very important element in California water future is a continuation of this conservation program. 
desalinization in certain places; and, thirdly, conservation, with conservation being the single biggest and the most inexpensive of all of the options. 
done. Money needs to be made available, Federal Government grants as well as State and local government, and participation by farmers and communities up and down the State. 
storage. Here is where the twin tunnel concept that is being pushed by Governor Brown and the administration makes no sense at all. I want to put up a map that displays this a little better. I am going to go to the really big map here because this really needs to be understood. 
This is a picture of the delta of California. It is an inland delta. It is the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. It is basically this entire region here. Sacramento is up here; Stockton is here; Contra Costa County, Pittsburg, Antioch down here; and then San Francisco Bay begins right in this area. 
delta. The San Joaquin River comes up from the south. The Sacramento River, the largest river in California, flows from the north all the way from the Oregon border, Mt. Shasta, flows down through the Sacramento Valley, past the city of Sacramento, and comes in and joins the San Joaquin River in the delta of California. 
I have had the pleasure to live in this 
area for the last 40 years and represent this area for, well, since 1974 in one way or another. It is an extraordinary ecological system. The largest estuary, it is the nursery for dozens of different species of salmon and other fish. It is extremely important for the ecology not just of the delta, but also of the entire West Coast. It is from this area that the salmon go out to sea, providing thousands upon thousands of jobs and recreational opportunities— other species, in this area, of fish. It is also a major flyway for the waterfowl that migrate north and south through the area. 
area, several hundred thousand acres of agricultural land, and provides enormous recreational opportunities with more than a thousand miles of rivers, 
It is in trouble. It is in serious jeopardy because of the transfer of water from the north through the delta to the great pumps here at Tracy that could pump up to 15,000 cubic feet of water per second out of these pumps, sending that to the San Joaquin Valley here, and then on into Los Angeles. 
This is the hub, and this is where the 
controversy exists. What the Governor wants to do is to start up here in one of the richest agricultural areas in all of America and basically create two, three intakes and two massive tunnels that come all the way down here to the pumps, in the process destroying a lot of the agricultural land. The pumps are big enough. These tunnels are capable of carrying 15,000 cubic feet of water per second; and with intakes that are at 9,000, you add another intake, you can get the full 15,000. 
flowing past Freeport, Sacramento, flows at somewhere around 15,000 cubic feet per second water into the Sacramento and into the delta. So this system that the Governor wants to build is big enough to literally drain the freshwater from the delta, destroying this extraordinary ecological system, the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. 
would you build something that has such destructive capacity? A recent report that was done on the economic benefits of this—remember, it is about $15 billion to build these two tunnels and the intakes and the pumps that go with it, about $15 billion. The economic analysis that was recently published in the Sacramento Bee said, well, wait a minute, the total economic benefit of all of this is like $5 billion over the lifetime of the tunnels. That is 50 years. You are spending $15 billion in the next decade or so, and you are only going to get $5 billion of economic benefit? It doesn’t make much sense. 
about this proposal is there is no storage. There is no storage north of the delta. There is no storage south of the delta. There is no storage in the delta. So where are you going to put the water? It is really nonsense. 
$15 billion or $17 billion here. Don’t set up a system that could destroy the ecology of the delta and the agriculture of the delta and put at risk the communities that rely upon the freshwater. Don’t do that. 
There is a better option that is available. We call that the little sip/big gulp. 
levees, the key levees that allow for the transport of water through the delta that protect the communities of the delta, that protect the flow of water as well as the agriculture. Probably less than a billion dollars and you could armor these levees. You could 
current flow of water, when necessary, through the delta to the pumps, and at the same time protect communities such as Stockton and the communities down here in the Contra Costa area. That is the first thing. That gives you about half of the water that would be needed. 
from? The other half is what I call the little sip. I think you can see this on the map. This is the Sacramento deepwater shipping channel. It actually intersects the Sacramento River way up here in Sacramento, taking water, a little bit of water into the shipping channel and coming down here to a community called Rio Vista. About 40 percent of a system is already in existence. 
If you were to put a fish screen here 
at the opening on the Sacramento River, allowing 3,000 cubic feet per second of water to flow into the shipping channel, down the shipping channel, capture that water way down here where the shipping channel ends, there are levees on either side of the channel. Capture the water there, and then bring the water across to Old River, which is right here. Bring that water across to Old River, and it goes then to the pumps here at Tracy. 
So what you have here is a mechanism which we call the little sip, 3,000 cubic feet per second, big enough to be operated virtually every day of the year in a normal water year—not this year with the severe drought, but in a normal water year. 
Oh, by the way, you could not operate the big tunnels, either. So this big project that the Governor wants to propose could not be used this year because there simply isn’t water in the river. 
year, both the low flow as well as the high flow in the average year, could take that 3,000 cfs every day, bringing it down to the pumps here at Tracy, delivering 2 million acrefeet of water every year. That is the little sip. 
which we hope to have in the future, and actually did have twice this year, you could turn the big pumps on down here, and you could take the rest of the 2 million or 2
1⁄2million acrefeet, giving you the 41⁄2million acrefeet that is 
desired to flow south to southern California and to the San Joaquin Valley. Little sip/big gulp. 
because you are going to have to maintain the levees, bring them up to code so that they are 100, 200year flood levees, and you have set up a mechanism that could not destroy the delta because it is only 3,000 cubic feet per second coming out of the Sacramento River way up high. You avoid all of the destruction that would occur in the ClarksburgCourtland area up here, that would occur as a result of the three intakes or four intakes that would be built on the Sacramento River, and all of the disruption that 
would occur as you build these two massive tunnels. 
We are talking about, well, actually higher than this ceiling here in the Chamber. This is probably like 30 feet to the ceiling. But it would be 40 feet, two massive tunnels, 40 feet in diameter, that would be drilled down through the delta, through some of the most complex soils anywhere in the United States, disrupting all of this area and creating the opportunity for an existential threat to the delta because they are so big and can take so much water. 
maybe less than a third, maybe a quarter, because so much of it is already built. You already have the channel all the way down to here. You would have about a 10 to 12mile pipeline across the delta into the Old River or a new canal built along the Old River to the pumps at Tracy. It makes a lot of sense. 
The rest of the money, perhaps another $10 billion or $12 billion that would be otherwise spent on the massive twin tunnels could then be used for storage systems south of the delta. 
and put up the map of California. Where would those storage systems be? 
the delta there is a reservoir here called San Luis. It needs to be repaired because of earthquake potential. You can expand that. Just to the south, you have Los Banos Grandes Creek. That would be Los Banos Grandes Reservoir. There are numerous reservoirs that could be built along the California aqueduct as it comes into the Central Valley. 
aquifers. Remember this: The aquifers of the Central Valley are seriously overdrafted. These are the major storage reservoirs of California. So as water is brought out of the delta, we need to make sure that that water is put in surface storage reservoirs where possible, San Luis, maybe Los Banos Grandes. Los Vaqueros Reservoir here in Contra Costa County needs to be upgraded, added to. So you have these surface storage reservoirs that are certainly going to be necessary, and most important of all, you have got the aquifers. 
As we look to the future, we need to 
figure out the hydrological systems to bring water through the canals when it is available and recharge the aquifers of the San Joaquin Valley. Some of them will not be able to be recharged. They are gone. Once you drain those aquifers, they may never be able to recover. But some could be recovered, and those are the ones we need to identify, and we need to recharge them. 
north of the delta, there are several storage opportunities available to us. Some of these have been studied. 
in California, the Shasta Reservoir. There is talk—and it has been studied—to raise the dam and increase the capacity perhaps by 130,000 acrefeet of yield here at Shasta. Further south, not on the river, but an offriver reservoir called Sites Reservoir, which my Republican colleague, Mr. LAMALFA , 
and I are authoring legislation to build Sites Reservoir, which would take water during the flood flows on the Sacramento off stream, pump it into this reservoir, a very large reservoir, about 1.9 million acrefeet, and that water would then be available to be put back into the Sacramento River for export to the south or for salinity control, freshwater into the San Francisco Bay, and also would create the opportunity for the reoperation, that is, to work in conjunction with Folsom Reservoir here in Sacramento, the Feather River Reservoir, the Oroville Dam and Reservoir, and the reoperation of the Shasta as well as the Yuba reservoirs. 
flexibility to the way in which we would then be able to operate the Sacramento River system for the benefit of the environment, for the benefit of exports to the southern valley—San Joaquin Valley, as well as southern California—and for salinity control in the environment of the delta. At the same time, like the San Joaquin Valley, there are enormous aquifers here in the Sacramento Valley that need to be maintained and recharged so that what we could build, if we thought about it in this holistic way, we would build a system that would be conjunctive use, so that when there was a lot of water, we would store that water. We would store it in offstream reservoirs. We would store in an expanded Shasta. We would store it in the underground aquifers of the San Joaquin Valley or in the reservoirs along the west side of the San Joaquin Valley, as well as in southern California. 
When you recycle in southern California, you could then store that water in the aquifers that exist here in the Los Angeles and the southern California basin. These aquifers actually have greater capacity than the Shasta Reservoir. 
San Fernando. You have got the aquifer of the San Gabriel, the San Bernardino, Orange County, West Basin, and several other smaller aquifers in the Los Angeles Basin. Of course, there are others as you move south towards San Diego. 
would then use in a conjunctive water management program. This is the holistic approach that we need to look at. I call it the little sip in the delta. Build a small facility—3,000 is not small— 3,000 cubic feet per second facility, taking that water out of the Sacramento River at Sacramento; put it into the deepwater shipping channel—the Sacramento channel all the way down here just north of Rio Vista—take it across 
the delta, put it in a canal into Old 
River to the pumps, 3,000. The remaining water would be taken out of the SacramentoSan Joaquin Delta when it is available, when the delta smelt and other fish are not at the pumps, and turn the pumps on, sending that water south to be stored or used in the aquifers stored in new surface storage reservoirs along the way. Of course, north of the delta, you would have the surface storage reservoir at Sites and perhaps the enlargement of Shasta, then the ability to use it. 
So why don’t we do it? For the $15 
billion that the Governor wants to spend on digging two tunnels that do not create 1 gallon of new water, but do create an existential threat to the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. Don’t waste your money. Don’t spend $15 billion on a $5 billion benefit—and that is over 50 years. 
Why would you ever make that investment when you could do something that creates water, creates perhaps as much as 5 million acrefeet of new water for California’s future, water that would be available from recycling and storage in southern California aquifers, available from storage north of the delta, the replenishment of the aquifers in the great Central Valley of California, and the creation of new storage surface reservoirs along the way? And most important, conservation—we have to conserve. It is mandated now. It is part of our future. 
This is a water plan for all California. These ideas are not new. I didn’t dream them up, although I put them together. And interestingly enough, 3
first proposal, about a year later the Governor and the Department of Water Resources put forth a paper called a Water Action Plan for California, and it is exactly the same—without the tunnels. 
to the tunnels. It did speak to storage north of the delta; it did speak to conservation; it did speak to the aquifers; it did speak to desalinization and recycling—all of those things that have been in the water plan for California for about 30 years. 
in these issues since the 1970s, and I know that if we were to back away from the twin tunnel proposal, which is so destructive of the delta, and went to the little sip/big gulp strategy, using all of the various mechanisms available to California, we could create maybe 5 million acrefeet of new water. We could address the future drought that California will have again some day in the future. 
The people of California last November passed a $7 billion water bond. That water bond allows for conservation, replenishment of the aquifers, surface storage—perhaps Sites Reservoir, yet to be determined—and recycling, replenishment of the aquifers and, most 
important for now, today, money for those communities that are out of water and have no water at all so they can drill their wells deeper or bring in surface water from nearby rivers or communities that may be available. 
this area of the San Joaquin Valley and a few of the communities up here in the Sacramento Valley and up in the foothills. We need to provide that immediate relief for those areas, and we 
need to get on with conservation and some of the money that is necessary in order to do that. The water bond is available. That money is going to be coming out over the next 18 months or so as the State of California moves projects forward. 
would be in the legislation that we should pass here in Washington is that we would use those Federal programs that exist today—and there are a multitude of Federal programs that already exist in Federal law, money that is already appropriated but not focused on the drought, not only in California, but throughout the West. And what I would suggest as we move legislation forward—perhaps this will be in Senator FEINSTEIN ’s bill. I would hope so. 
And if not there, as we hopefully all work together on solving the problem of drought in the West, particularly in California, that we focus our attention on the immediate opportunities that the Federal Government can presently 
The Environmental Protection Agency has the clean water grant programs. The Department of the Interior, the Bureau of Reclamation, has the WaterSMART program, which is conservation and recycling. We know that the Army Corps of Engineers has programs. There are other programs spread throughout the Federal Government that, if they were focused immediately on the needs of California and other States, that money could move to solve the community problems. 
be used to provide water programs for those communities that are out of water—the recycling, conservation programs. All of those have money that is presently already appropriated but not focused; and if they focus that money so that it was in coordination, augmented, and supplemented and ahead of the California water bond programs, you could advance the water bond programs by as much as 18 months. It will take that long for California to move that money out of the bond. 
conjunction, in alignment with the programs that the State of California already is planning to do but doesn’t yet have the money available. Put the Federal money there. Do the planning, the engineering, the environmental reviews, if necessary, and you advance so that today’s drought can be dealt with. Now that is beginning to make sense. 
I think we can do this. We need to 
push aside all of the fighting we have had over these many, many years. 
Don’t take water from somebody, but work on programs to expand the water potential for all California. Don’t push aside the environmental laws, because it is, in fact, the environmental laws that protect this largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere—San Francisco Bay and the fishing industry up and down the coast, all the way to the Columbia River between Oregon and Washington. 
are destined to fight, but rather put us in a situation where we can work together. That is my plea to my Republican colleagues who pushed that bill through here basically on a partyline vote and now headed to the Senate. I ask Senator FEINSTEIN to work with 
those of us that represent the delta and that have worked for generations and decades on how to protect the delta. 
There is a solution. I call it a little 
sip/big gulp. You can put any name you want to on it. In fact, the Natural Resources Defense Council came up with a similar program that they called a portfolio approach: conservation; recycling; desalinization, aquifers; storage systems, both large and small, surface and aquifer. It is all there. This is not new. This is working together to solve a major challenge to the largest economy in the United States, the seventh largest economy in the world, the largest population—35 million people. This is a challenge, but this is a challenge we can do. 
work on water is to work with us. There are ways we can solve and mitigate the current drought and solve the problem for the future drought. It is there. It is not going to be any more expensive than the massive tunnel programs that the Governor is proposing. 
and you were to spend it on building Sites Reservoir, expanding reservoirs to the south, putting in the systems for the underground aquifer replenishment and recycling programs in southern California, how much progress could we make? Well, we could solve the problems for the next drought, and we could mitigate and reduce the harm of the current drought. That is what it is all about: working together, taking the best ideas of one group or another. 
this issue, hopefully making some sense of what is a very complex problem for California and, therefore, for the Nation. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) for 30 
here on the floor of the House of Representatives and to speak some words here that hopefully will be picked up by the rest of the country that causes us to think a little more, think a little deeper, and think about the destiny of this country, Mr. Speaker. 
I come to the floor to talk to you 
this evening about a couple of topics. One is national security, and the other is the rule of law. I will say the third thing that threads into that is the Planned Parenthood videos. We have now seen three of them, as they penetrate into our conscience. 
Let me address first the Planned Parenthood videos. It has been now several weeks since the first video came out that showed the supposed doctor that worked for Planned Parenthood cavalierly discussing how to harvest the organs of innocent little unborn—aborted, though—babies, and the cavalier approach to that: sitting there over dinner, chatting away as if they were talking about a soccer game or maybe talking about spending the weekend with their family, having a glass of wine and talking about taking organs out of innocent little creatures that are created in God’s image, as we all are, Mr. Speaker. That was video number one. 
to see the attitude, but it didn’t confirm decisively what was actually going on. It implied—and it was fairly strong evidence—but it didn’t confirm. 
sitting in a different restaurant, chatting along about how a transaction would be to harvest kidneys and lungs and livers and hearts and brains and body parts from innocent babies who just wanted a chance to live and love and laugh and learn; to worship, to grow, to enjoy life—to enjoy that first right, that right to life that comes before the right to liberty, which comes before the right to the pursuit of happiness, as our Founding Fathers prioritized those rights in the Declaration of Independence, Mr. Speaker. 
That lady, in the second video, wanted enough out of that, that she—I will use that word again—‘‘cavalierly’’ said: I want a Lamborghini. 
I am sure she would say to us: I was 
setting like that, that told me it wasn’t just a casual conversation. There was attention being paid to the business deal that was being negotiated, and it didn’t seem like it was conclusive, but there was a direction and a course for that conversation. 
video interviewing a young woman who has worked in a Planned Parenthood center whose task was to harvest the organs of little babies. The video shows the separation of that, shows the little feet, the little arms, the little hands. 
brain. It shows the pieces of that little baby that was perfect in every way 
until it was torn apart by the abortionist, using a technique, a methodology that is designed to preserve the most valuable organs so that they can be sold on the market to laboratories and for medical experiments, Mr. Speaker. 
saw each of the other two videos when they came out, the first day that one was available, and then I saw one, and I saw the second video as a preview before it came out to the public. 
Either one of those, when I was listening to the verbiage, certainly told me that there is an evil, evil element within Planned Parenthood, a cavalier attitude, a ‘‘this is the business we do’’ attitude; not a human compassion was exposed in either one of those first two videos. 
I have been in a lot of debates about 
abortion. I have read a lot of material about it. I have listened to a lot of testimony about it. Sitting on the Judiciary Committee, we moved legislation that put an end to partialbirth abortion or at least attempted to, and so we have had a lot of lifeanddeath debates in the Judiciary Committee here in the House of Representatives. 
woman talking about the task that she was given, pick up these forceps and begin to separate these organs and sort them out, and these are good, and the lab will take that, and essentially, These will bring good money, let’s make sure we protect them, it sickened me. 
Speaker, in a way that reminded me of the first time I walked into a funeral home to see the dead body of a loved one. That is an experience in anybody’s lifetime that you remember. Seeing this video is an experience that I will remember. 
how Congress is reacting, I am glad that there are investigations going on. I am glad that the Speaker has spoken up on this issue. I am glad that there is a prolife movement in this country. 
are protesting and there are people that are making their positions known to the Supreme Court, to the United States Congress, to the President of the United States. 
will be on this, this is a subject that should have the immediate attention of the Department of Justice. This would be something that Loretta Lynch should be on now, should be conducting an investigation now, should be bringing about the evidence and preparing a prosecution against the people that have, essentially, admitted in the videos that they have committed a crime, perhaps multiple crimes. 
there is an argument on one side versus an argument on the other side. 
don’t do it for a profit. We just do this to get our money back out of the costs 
we have to preserve these organs and pass them along. After all, this poor mother is just making a contribution to science, and so we should appreciate that. 
thought when they passed the laws against trading in little, unborn baby body parts, Mr. Speaker. It is about the law, and the law says thou shall not do such a thing. 
amount of trying to explain that it was with a positive motive, instead of a profit motive; no amount of saying that, Well, that is just our costs, and we are recovering our cost; no amount of saying that the money that comes from the taxpayer into the pockets of Planned Parenthood doesn’t ever go to abortion because it will be said now, hundreds of times, Mr. Speaker, in fact, thousands of times, it will be said: Money is fungible. Money is fungible. Money is fungible. 
into Planned Parenthood’s coffers— that is out of the pockets of the taxpayers. We hand them the debt, borrow the money from the Chinese, hand it over to Planned Parenthood, and Planned Parenthood then uses that to run their operation to free up some of their other operations that end up being what they call an operation, which is an abortion, that is snuffing out the lives—we are closing in on 60 million little babies since Roe v. Wade in 1973, closing in on 60 million. 
that are arguing that we need to open up our borders and let an unlimited number of people come into America because our birthrate is not high enough to replace the people that are dying off as they reach the end of their life. 
one of these babies to birth, give them an opportunity to fill their lungs full of free air, give them an opportunity to live, to love, to learn, to laugh, give them an opportunity to contribute to this country, to this society, rather than do that, we abort the babies and bring in people from another culture and think we are making America a better place, when we have the sin of up to 60 million abortions on our country, on our heads, on our conscience, on our Supreme Court, Mr. Speaker, and on this Congress, to a degree, the House and Senate, and certainly on the President of the United States, who said he—and I will leave his family out of it, Mr. Speaker, but I think some know the thought that crossed my mind. 
It is time for this Congress to step up 
to defund Planned Parenthood. I won’t be satisfied with just a moratorium of waiting around for a year while we study this situation and put together maybe a select committee that can look at it for a while longer and hold some hearings in Congress. They are going to look at the videos and listen to the testimony on both sides. 
Planned Parenthood an opportunity to spend some of those millions of dollars, some percentage of the half a billion dollars that we send to them out of the taxpayers’ pocket, borrowed from the Chinese, and indebted onto the children that are born, to lobby this Congress to tell us: Well, there is really some good there at Planned Parenthood after all, and so we should continue to fund them. 
The object is this: Shut off all funding to Planned Parenthood; they should not receive one dime of taxpayer dollars further. 
on this over the years since the time I have been here, and the States want to move, too, Mr. Speaker. The States want to shut off funding to Planned Parenthood. 
President of the United States, through one of his executive edicts, will order that the funding going to a State that would cut off the funding to Planned Parenthood would be cut off itself, that their Medicaid money might be stopped by this administration if a State would deign to cut off funding and no longer subsidize Planned Parenthood. 
deal with this. We need to give the States all authority to cut off any funds, in the discretion of their own legislature and Governors, any funds that go to any organization that provides abortion. They will call it services or counseling. 
If we do that, then we can restore a 
component of the culture of life in this country. If we do that, we begin to respect and appreciate innocent, unborn human life, we will see families that will grow. We will see children that are cherished. We will see more and more foundation of education and faith and wholesomeness in our country. 
If we turn our backs on those innocent, unborn, little babies that are being systematically aborted, while we are subsidizing Planned Parenthood with borrowed tax dollars, under the guise of somehow they do some good, this is evil, Mr. Speaker. What is happening to these innocent babies and what is happening to the mothers is evil, and it is evil for profit. It is on video, and we have seen three of these videos, Mr. Speaker. We are not done yet. 
to study this for a year. This Congress—and we go forward with funding for the fiscal year, next fiscal year, we have got the witching hour, September 30, at midnight. 
resolution. That continuing resolution has to have in it the language that will cut off the funding to Planned Parenthood. I will cut it off to any organization that provides abortion, as they say, services or counseling. That subject is on the front of my 
mind, Mr. Speaker, and I wanted to get that off of my chest. 
that I want to talk about is our national security. As we are watching presidential debates unfold—and our 16 or so candidates that are announced for President of the United States, I am grateful for every one of them. 
I have never seen such a field of candidates that step up and want to serve this country from the Oval Office, the high quality of the character and the integrity that they have, the varied experience, and the success that they have demonstrated in their lives. There have been a lot of easier times to win the Republican nomination than there is now, Mr. Speaker. 
out there—and I have been tuning my ear, encouraging them—I have yet to hear any of the candidates deliver a compact, inclusive approach to how to defeat Islamic jihad. 
I listen to them speak, and I like the 
components that I hear from them. One of them says: We win; they lose. 
I like that; but how are we going to 
is fine with me. They have declared war on us. 
caliphate. They declare it to be a caliphate. It is a caliphate. In northern Syria and in north and western Iraq, that real estate that they control is a caliphate, and they threaten all of the rest of the region, and they threaten us. They say that their black flag is going to fly over the White House. Well, some would say that will be a cold day, Mr. Speaker. 
in history over the last few years. I would say to the United States: We need to step up to this. We need to recognize our enemy. We need to defeat our enemies. 
Islamic jihad is comprised of the element within Islam that believes that their path to salvation is in killing us and that they can bring out some kind of worldwide revolution where, in the end, it will just be the purest of the pure of Islamists that are left on the planet. They will have killed everybody else; and all, whoever is left, must knuckle down to sharia law. 
Speaker, and when I say defeat the ideology, and I am speaking to a group of people, I will often see that look on their face, such as: Why do you think you can defeat an ideology? You can’t defeat an ideology. You can’t change a culture. You can’t defeat ideology. 
came to me, and I said, tell that to the Japanese. In fact, in World War II, in a 3
with our allies, very powerfully, this country defeated three ideologies: the 
ideology of Japanese imperialism, the ideology of Italian fascism, and the ideology of German nazism. 
time, in the face of—I will say this, Mr. Speaker—the superior culture. 
culture that has a robust free enterprise, that has people that volunteer to 
engage in the economy, into the military, that reach out and pull each other up the ladder. 
This robust United States of America, coupled with our allies, reaching across the map of Western civilization, rose up, rose up and defeated three ideologies in a 3
in the Second World War; and then it took on a fourth ideology, which was the Russian version of communism. That took about 45 years. They were a little more tenacious. 
It was not then just a kinetic operation. It wasn’t just going up in flames. I am grateful that it wasn’t. Instead, it was the economic and then political collapse of the Soviet Union brought about this way. 
Thatcher saw it. Margaret Thatcher went to Ronald Reagan and said: With Mikhail Gorbachev, I have found a man with whom we can do business. 
of Gorbachev, and he seems to have a little bit of revisionist history that comes out of him from time to time. 
II traveled throughout areas of Europe and went into Poland and told them do not despair because they could be a free people. 
civilization, western Christendom, as Churchill described it in his speech in Fulton, Missouri, are the forces that stood up against Russian communism. 
In about 1984, when Jeane Kirkpatrick stepped down as Ambassador to the United Nations under Reagan, she made a statement upon her departure which was this. 
cold war—and that was near the height of the cold war—what is going on is Monopoly and chess on the same board. The United States and the Soviet Union are playing chess and Monopoly on the same board. It is just that the only question is: Will the United States of America bankrupt the Soviet Union economically before the Soviet Union checkmates the United States militarily? 
That was the question. It was succinctly put. And I believe that will also show up on her Wikipedia page, but I happened to find it in the Des Moines Register back in that year, 1984. 
years later the Soviet Union imploded. On November 9 the wall went down in Berlin, and that was a symbol. Actually, I will say literally the Iron Curtain came crashing down throughout 
The free world had defeated the ideology of communism that was the Soviet version of it. For a time, freedom echoed all the way across Eastern Europe all the way to the Pacific Ocean. And it can be restored again, Mr. Speaker. 
that we work with. We are the people that—because of free enterprise, because we have idea people with good educations and a solid moral foundation and a good work ethic, this country has generated more patents than anybody else, created more inventions than anyone else, but cooperated with especially the western world and with the creativity that we have. 
ideology after ideology, defeat three of them during World War II and defeat Soviet communism in a 45year period of the cold war. 
Now we are faced with another ideology that rises up to challenges: Islamic jihad. If you go back to the time of Mohammed, about the last 20 years of his life and for 100 years after his death, there was a conquest going on of—shall I call them religious conversions by the sword? And, as the conquest was going on, Islam was invading and occupying most of the known world at the time. 
Islamists were outside the city of Tours in France when Charles Martel brought his infantry into the trees to face the cavalry charge of the Islamists. 
in the forest, Mr. Speaker, and that is how the Charles Martel, Charles The Hammer’s infantry defeated them there and chased them out of Tours and across the plains and left their 
bones scattered a long ways back towards Spain. That was 732 AD. 
again to catch some of the milestones: In 1571, the battle of Lepanto where an Islamist navy was sunk by the Holy League navy that went to meet them in the Aegean Sea. 
surrounded by Islamists of the time. On July 14, they surrounded Vienna, and for more than 2 months—they besieged Vienna for roughly 2 months. 
German infantries under three German kings and Jan Sobieski, the Polish king, brought his cavalry, they held a service at Kahlenberg Church, which was razed. It was in ruins at the hands of the Islamists. 
evening of September 11 and prayed for God’s deliverance of their battle the next day that it already enjoined on September 11 and the deliverance of Vienna, which happened, as in the famous battle of Vienna, September 11 and 12, 1683. 
It goes on. Then September 11 became the date that lived in infamy for the people who attacked us on September 11, 2001—New York, Pentagon, and Pennsylvania—and then again on September 11, 2012, Benghazi. 
It ought to mean something to us. They have been fighting western civilization for 1,400 years, and they have been adapting themselves to the technology that is created in the western world, creating very little themselves, but borrowing our technology, Mr. Speaker. 
now being borrowed is the Internet, the Internet that is being used to inspire and to recruit and to direct the Islamists that are attacking Americans and attacking people that are not in alignment with ISIS and with Islamic jihad. 
the ability that they have to use the Internet to coordinate and communicate. They will say as high as 100,000 tweets and emails and communications a day are coming out of ISIS and Islamic jihad in the broader definition of it. As high as 100,000 a day. 
against them. And it means not just defensive warfare to protect ourselves, but offensive warfare to attack them through the same medium that they are using to attack us. 
So here is the list. It is not just a kinetic war against them, which they have declared against us, the kinetic war. 
We need to do cyber warfare, financial warfare, educational warfare against them. We need to build a strong alliance with especially the moderate Muslim countries in the Middle East, those who should be our allies but for being a—let’s say given the short end of the stick from our State Department during this administration. 
Egypt; the United Arab Emirates, for example; Jordan, to a lesser degree. But they are natural allies to the United States. They are natural allies. In fact, they are allies to Israel today. They have been attacking our Islamist enemies in that part of the world. 
fly out of there, to fly into Yemen. And the Emirates sent some of their Air Force there. You have seen the Saudis do the same thing. 
We can build an alliance in the Middle East with Saudi Arabia, whom I have got slightly less confidence in than I do in Egypt, and in the United Arab Emirates, with Jordan, and, also, working in cooperation with Israel. 
to me that his relationship with Prime Minister Netanyahu is stronger with Egypt and Israel and President elSisi and Prime Minister Netanyahu stronger than it is with the United States, we should be troubled by that, Mr. Speaker. 
policy that has alienated the Egyptians, that has caused the UAE to wonder: What is America doing? Why are we paving the road to Damascus for our enemies? Why would we consider doing such a thing? 
have put into an oped in the National Review, which was just published here in the last couple of days, Mr. Speaker, lays out a strategy to conduct cyber warfare, both offensive and defensive, and economic warfare to shut off the funds that are flowing to Islamic jihad wherever they might be flowing from, wherever they might be flowing through, whoever might be doing business with them and thinking they are going to profit. 
way. And then we need to shut down and shut off, if we can—and this is the most difficult component of the task— the educational system out there that is teaching this kind of hatred into the next generation. Build alliances with the moderate Muslim countries, as I have said, encourage them. 
everything that we can get to the Kurds, everything the Kurds can use. And that doesn’t mean send it through Baghdad to get the Baghdad stamp of approval. It means directly to the Kurds along with special operation forces that could be on the ground with the Kurds and call in airstrikes and support the Kurds as one jaw of the vice that will squeeze ISIS in Iraq and in Syria. 
The other jaw of the vice is a natural. It is already there. It is Assad. And when those two jaws of the vice to come together and crush ISIS, by that point, we can take a look at Assad and decide how to approach the power that may be left in Syria at that point in time. 
of a strategy to defeat the ideology of Islamic jihad. The time has come for us to do that. 
I want to see a Presidential candidate—or 16 of them, I hope—who can articulate a vision to bring about the defeat of this enemy that has been bringing battle against western civilization for 1,400 years, that targets the United States of America as the great Satan and the center of their efforts. They would like to destroy all of the United States of America. 
got a treaty proposal from the President of the United States with Iran. In the spring or summer of 2008, as a candidate, he said to Iran: Mr. 
Ahmadinejad, if you will unclench your fist, we will extend our hand. I would remind the public of that, Mr. Speaker. 
Iran. And the President is poised to hand over $150 billion to the Iranian economy that will juice that economy up. 
It will allow them to bring conventional weaponry to bear. It will allow them to fund more Hezbollah. It will allow them to continue to develop the most recent version of centrifuges. 
the situation is set up where, rather than one weapon, it is 100 weapons, ICBMs sticking out of the sand in the Middle East, Mr. Speaker. 
western civilization. We need to strengthen our culture. We need to believe in who we are. We need to sort the best things out of what we are and strengthen them. We need to cull out the weaknesses that we have. And we need a leader whom God will use to restore the soul of America. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. G RAVES of Georgia (at the request of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on 
account of attending the funeral services for U.S. Navy Petty Officer 2nd Class Randall Smith. 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for July 27 and today on 
the balance of the week on account of official business at Trans Pacific Trade Partnership. 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 876. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observation status rather than admitted as inpatients of such hospitals. 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of needbased educational aid. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, July 29, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2308. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing Captain John W. Korka to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half), in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Conference of the United States, transmitting draft legislation entitled ‘‘Federal District Judgeship Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting the Attorney General’s Third Quarterly Report of FY 2015 on the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, pursuant to the Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2008 (Pub. L. 110389); jointly to the Committees on the Judiciary and Veterans’ Affairs. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1656. A bill to provide for additional resources for the Secret Service, and to improve protections for restricted areas; with an amendment (Rept. 114–231). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state or the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 455. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a northern border threat analysis, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–232). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 2786. A bill to require the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to submit a report on crossborder rail security, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–233). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 388. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3236) to provide an extension of Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–234). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 3231. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to protect unpaid interns in the Federal government from workplace harassment and discrimination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
from workplace harassment and discrimination; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3233. A bill to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to protect unpaid interns in the legislative branch from 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 3234. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish within the Department of Veterans Affairs an Office of Failing Medical Center Recovery, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to make grants to States for screening and treatment for maternal depression; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3236. A bill to provide an extension of 
Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, Science, Space, and Technology, Natural Resources, Veterans’ Affairs, Education and the Workforce, the Budget, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3237. A bill to authorize the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to award grants for municipal solid waste prevention and recycling program development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for himself, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
H.R. 3238. A bill to lift the trade embargo 
on Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Financial Services, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for himself, Mr. KLINE, and Mr. F ORTEN BERRY ): 
H.R. 3239. A bill to provide enhanced security at Armed Forces recruitment centers through the installation of reinforced bullet proof glass and entry doors; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 3240. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to carry out a plan for the purchase and installation of an earthquake early warning system for the Cascadia Subduction Zone, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3241. A bill to amend title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to authorize the establishment of, and provide support for, Statebased universal health care systems that provide comprehensive health benefits to State residents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Oversight and 
Government Reform, Armed Services, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for herself and Ms. ESTY): 
H.R. 3242. A bill to require special packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. B RADY of 
Texas, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. 
H.R. 3243. A bill to amend title XI of the 
Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of allinclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs); to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3244. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish a pilot program to improve care for the most costly Medicare feeforservice beneficiaries through the use of comprehensive and effective care management while reducing costs to the Federal Government for these beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Government from contracting with entities that donate or match employee donations to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 3246. A bill to provide for the temporary use of Veterans Choice Funds for certain programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3247. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to exempt covered heavyduty tow and recovery vehicles from certain weight limitations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3248. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to carry out a pilot program on issuing grants to eligible veterans to start or acquire qualifying businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
PALAZZO , and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi): H.R. 3249. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Agriculture to convey to the Pat Harrison Waterway District approximately 8,307 acres of National Forest System land within the Bienville National Forests in Mississippi, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prevent the abuse of dextromethorphan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3251. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to exclude coverage of advance care planning services under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3252. A bill to provide grants to eligible entities to develop and maintain or improve and expand before school, afterschool, and summer school programs for Indian and Alaska Native students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the expedited consideration by Congress of the recommendations set forth in the Cuts, Consolidations, and Savings report prepared by the Office of Management and Budget; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3254. A bill to amend the Dale Long 
Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Improvements Act of 2012 to change the retroactive application of the Act to cover injuries sustained by rescue squad or ambulance crew members on or after December 1, 2007, rather than June 1, 2009; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3255. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income certain amounts realized on the disposition of property raised or produced by a student farmer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
COOK, Mr. L ONG, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. B RAT, Mr. 
H.R. 3256. A bill to require each agency to 
repeal or revise 1 or more existing regulations before issuing a new regulation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
POLIS, Mr. C OOK, and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK ): 
H.R. 3257. A bill to amend section 6906 of 
title 31, United States Code, to provide funding for the payment in lieu of taxes program for an additional five years, to provide a fiveyear extension of the Secure Rural Schools and Community SelfDetermination Act of 2000, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Innovation and Opportunity Act to establish a scholarship program for dislocated workers or unemployed individuals transitioning into manufacturing employment; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3259. A bill to grant authority to the 
President to detain nondiplomatic officials of the Government of Iran in the United States and nondiplomatic officials of the Government of Iran in certain other countries until all United States citizens held by the Government of Iran are released and returned to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
CLAY, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
H.R. 3260. A bill to require all newly constructed, federally assisted, singlefamily houses and town houses to meet minimum standards of visitability for persons with disabilities; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. F ARR, Ms. P INGREE , 
H.R. 3261. A bill to amend part D of title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to deliver a meaningful benefit and lower prescription drug prices under the Medicare Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3262. A bill to provide for the conveyance of land of the Illiana Health Care System of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3263. A bill to make innovative technology loan guarantee support available for battery storage technologies; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3264. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the Saver’s credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3265. A bill to simplify the process for 
determining the need and eligibility of students for financial assistance under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. 
H.R. 3266. A bill to improve the productivity and energy efficiency of the manufacturing sector by directing the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the National Academies and other appropriate Federal agencies, to develop a national smart manufacturing plan and to provide assistance to small and mediumsized manufacturers in implementing smart manufacturing programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3267. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of payroll and selfemployment taxes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. SCHRA DER, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
BUCHANAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
LOBIONDO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. J ONES , Mr. H ECK of 
Washington, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. B RAT, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. M ICA, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L ANCE , 
POSEY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M EEHAN , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. J OYCE , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. Y ODER , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. E NGEL , 
CHABOT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ALVERT , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. D ONOVAN, Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. H ANNA , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. V ALADAO , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. W ITTMAN , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Mr. C OOK, Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. T URNER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. 
NUGENT , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. P ERRY , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. D OLD, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mrs. B EATTY ): 
H.R. 3268. A bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3269. A bill to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
Water Pollution Control Act to exempt Indian tribes from compensatory mitigation requirements in connection with certain discharges of dredged or fill material, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Water Pollution Control Act to allow preservation leasing as a form of compensatory mitigation for discharges of dredged or fill material affecting State or Indian land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
DINGELL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 65. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress regarding the upgrading of Malaysia on the 2015 Trafficking In Persons report; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
UPTON , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. B LUM, 
Mexico, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. A SHFORD , 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. D ENT, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mrs. B USTOS , 
DOLD, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
MOULTON , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C ARTER  
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. B EYER , and Ms. B ROWN of 
H. Con. Res. 66. Concurrent resolution recognizing and honoring the 25th anniversary of the date of enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Judiciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H. Res. 385. A resolution declaring the office of Speaker of the House of Representatives vacant; to the Committee on Rules. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. S COTT of 
of Florida, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. N ADLER , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, 
LEE, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and 
sense of the House of Representatives that the availability of highquality child care for working parents should be increased; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
Rules of the House of Representatives to lower the threshold at which the gross budgetary effect of a piece of legislation requires the cost estimates provided for the legislation to incorporate macroeconomic variables resulting from the legislation, and to require the cost estimates provided for appropriation bills and joint resolutions to incorporate such variables; to the Committee on Rules. 
BORDALLO , Mr. D ENT, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T AKANO , 
28, 2015, as ‘‘World Hepatitis Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for designation of August 22, 2015, as national ‘‘Chuck Brown Day’’ and honoring his contributions to music and to the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3272) for the relief of Myles Newlove; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3231. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3232. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3234. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3235. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Consitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. SHUSTER: 
H.R. 3236. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to laying and collecting Taxes, and providing for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States), Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes), and Clause 7 (related to establishment of Post Offices and Post Roads). 
H.R. 3237. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 3238. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3239. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United Sates, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3240. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). 
H.R. 3241. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, 
H.R. 3242. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and cluase 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for the carrying out of the powers vested in Congress). 
H.R. 3243. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3244. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to regulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 as applied to the Medicare program under Title 18 of the Social Security Act. 
H.R. 3245. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 states that: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, and to 
pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations by Law.’’ 
the ‘‘power of the purse.’’ Congress has the Constitutional authority regarding authorizing and appropriating Federal spending on Federal government contracts. 
H.R. 3246. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
United States Constitution, this legislation is authorized by Congress’ power to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 3247. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, 7 and 18 of 
H.R. 3248. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3249. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Property Regulation, Federal Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
H.R. 3250. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 3251. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3252. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
18. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and power for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3253. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
18. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and power for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Welfare Clause)—the Congress shall have Power to law and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the Common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
and Proper Clause)—the Congress shall have Power . . . to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3255. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3256. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3257. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I. Section 8, 18 To make all laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 3258. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3259. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3260. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3261. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3262. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and 
the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 3263. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3264. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 3265. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3266. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3267. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 3268. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3, Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 3269. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3270. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3271. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3272. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4, which provides Congress the power to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 93: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
H.R. 169: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois and Mrs. 
H.R. 303: Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
CRENSHAW , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 320: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 333: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C ARSONof Indiana, and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 425: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mr. S WALWELL  
H.R. 478: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Ms. M CCOLLUM. 
H.R. 556: Mr. W ALZand Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 699: Ms. B ASSand Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 702: Mrs. L OVE, Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. 
H.R. 765: Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
H.R. 816: Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.R. 842: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 845: Mr. R OSKAM and Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 868: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia and 
H.R. 902: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 916: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. P ASCRELL , 
Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S ERRANO , 
Mr. T AKAI, Mr. K EATING , and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 940: Mr. B RIDENSTINE and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 1061: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. T AKAI, 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. 
H.R. 1100: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. C ONYERS , and Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD . 
H.R. 1150: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Ms. 
H.R. 1210: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 1217: Mr. D ONOVAN and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky and Ms. 
H.R. 1286: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1312: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois and Mr. 
H.R. 1340: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , and Mr. 
H.R. 1401: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 1475: Ms. E STYand Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1553: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. P ITTENGER , and 
H.R. 1603: Ms. S PEIER , Mr. A BRAHAM , and 
H.R. 1608: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. Y OUNG of 
MACARTHUR , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. L ORETTA  
H.R. 1686: Mr. R YAN of Ohio and Mr. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mrs. M CMORRISRODGERS . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. R OKITA and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
H.R. 2058: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C UELLAR , 
H.R. 2258: Mr. A BRAHAM and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
BRADY of Texas, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. 
H.R. 2327: Mr. L ANGEVIN and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2342: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. L ABRADOR , and 
H.R. 2404: Mrs. N OEMand Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2410: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
H.R. 2494: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mrs. 
H.R. 2514: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
H.R. 2622: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. P ETER SON. 
H.R. 2624: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2638: Mr. K ENNEDY and Ms. C ASTOR of 
H.R. 2646: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Ms. T ITUS, and Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 2653: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. M ULVANEY and Mr. C OLLINS  
H.R. 2711: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
H.R. 2713: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. 
H.R. 2715: Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. L EE, Ms. K APTUR, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2739: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
H.R. 2752: Mr. D OLD, Mr. K IND, Mr. M EEHAN, and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
H.R. 2802: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. E MMER of 
H.R. 2820: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. H UDSON , and 
H.R. 2863: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. R YAN 
H.R. 2892: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 2944: Mr. G UINTA and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 2972: Mrs. B EATTY and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2999: Mr. C OSTA and Mr. B RENDAN F. 
H.R. 3011: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 3037: Ms. S TEFANIK and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 3040: Mr. N EALand Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3041: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3068: Mr. N OLAN and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 3095: Mr. Y OHO, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. 
H.R. 3115: Mr. W ALKER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
SIMPSON , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
PALMER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
H.R. 3120: Mr. T ROTT , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and 
H.R. 3126: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
HUDSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. G RIFFITH , 
and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 3129: Mr. P ETERS on, Mr. M ULVANEY , 
H.R. 3132: Mrs. L OWEY and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3134: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
WHITFIELD , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
RUSSELL , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 3139: Mr. K LINE, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. D OLD, 
Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. R IGELL , and Mr. 
H.R. 3150: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
H.R. 3155: Mr. P OLIS, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 3156: Mr. P OLIS, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. M OORE , and Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 3158: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama and Ms. 
H.R. 3185: Mr. K IND, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and 
H.R. 3188: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona and Mr. 
H.R. 3189: Mr. G ARRETT and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 3193: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. 
Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. F LEMING , Mrs. R OBY, and 
H.R. 3221: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. T AKAI, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. C OLE, and 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. J ODY B. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. M CGOVERNand Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. C RAMER , Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. H IGGINS. 
H. Res. 15: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. F ARR. 
H. Res. 230: Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. C APUANO , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H. Res. 265: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. C RENSHAW , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H. Res. 294: Ms. A DAMS , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H. Res. 354: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
BYRNE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. N ADLER, and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H. Res. 367: Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. D IAZBALART , 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H. Res. 368: Ms. A DAMS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. 
Georgia, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
H. Res. 378: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
H. Res. 383: Mr. H UDSON , Mr. U PTON , Mr. 
BARR, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. R OSS, Ms. E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. V EASEY . 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
the VA Accountability Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BY MR. BISHOP OF UTAH 
the Committee on Natural Resources in H.R. 3236, the Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Education and the Workforce in H.R. 3236 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 3236 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Veterans Affairs in H.R. 3236 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on the Budget in H.R. 3236, the Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 3236, the ‘‘Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
H.R. 3236, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology in H.R. 3236, the ‘‘Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 3236 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6045 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 2015 No. 120 