today to honor the memory of Staff Sergeant David Wyatt, who was taken much too soon from his family and friends on July 16. David, a marine and loving father, was born November 7, 1979, in Morganton, North Carolina. 
High School in Russellville, Arkansas, my alma mater. He was a veteran of both Iraq and Afghanistan. For his service, Staff Sergeant Wyatt earned numerous medals and commendations for exemplary service in the infantry. He was a dedicated marine. 
16 as the battery operations chief, 3rd Battalion, 14th Marine Regiment, 4th Marine Division, Staff Sergeant Wyatt was gunned down during the tragic Chattanooga shooting that killed him, along with three other marines and a Navy sailor. 
marine was taken in the homeland that he served so valiantly overseas to protect. His death shook the Arkansas River Valley in yet another senseless act of violence that can never be explained, justified, or tolerated. 
The Russellville and Adkins communities and the entire Third District of 
Russellville Cyclone and his fellow servicemen. My prayers are with his wife, Lorri; his two children, Rebecca and Heath; and his parents, Lew Wyatt of St. Augustine, Florida, and Deborah Boen of Atkins, Arkansas. 
May God bless those he leaves behind, as they search for peace and understanding through this terrible tragedy. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, House Republicans have had more than 4
to craft a longterm surface transportation bill. Their dysfunction and inability to govern is starting to have a real impact on hardworking Americans and on our communities. 
crisis; meanwhile, our Nation’s crumbling roads and bridges—and our economy—suffer as a result. It is like deja vu all over again, another highway deadline this week. 
monthtomonth fixes. Enough is enough. In the last decade, Congress has passed 11 shortterm funding bills to keep the highway trust fund solvent. If we are going to pass a longterm solution to rebuild our roads and bridges, it is going to take the courage of our convictions; it is going to take us working together across the aisle to get this done. 
are in an urgent state of repair. One third of America’s roads are in poor or mediocre condition. One out of every four bridge is in need of significant repair. 
needs to get serious and find a long term fix to the highway trust fund. Our country relies on it. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today in order to recognize the importance of farm families throughout the great State of Minnesota. 
recognized the 2015 Minnesota Farm Families from across the State, and I am proud to represent five of these families who call the Sixth Congressional District home. 
Bruce Bacon Garden Farm in Anoka County, the Scapanski Dairy in Benton County, the Buckentine Family Dairy in Carver County, the Reuter Family Farm in Washington County, and the Bernings’ Green Waves Farm, Inc., in Wright County. For many Minnesotans, farming isn’t 
just a profession; it is a way of life. Family farms link the past to the future with each generation passing their work ethic, land, and traditions to the next. These farms make up the heartland of America and exemplify what makes Minnesota’s agriculture industry great, which is why they should be celebrated. 
Congratulations to the 2015 Minnesota Farm Families, and thank you so much for everything that you do. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago, I came to the floor and said it felt like open season on Black men in America. People around the country agree that the police killings undermine the efforts of good police and break the trust between police and their communities. 
threats and many more. Unsettling video of a police officer in Texas manhandling an unarmed 15yearold girl in a bathing suit served as a wakeup call to all of us. 
reminds us that the fight for equal justice under the law continues. 
too often, unreported violence: sexual assault. In Oklahoma, an officer is on trial for sexually assaulting eight Black women. Tragically, this story is not unique. The challenges Black men face are real, but I was humbled to learn how unequal justice affects Black women. 
prison population, and their stories must be told if we are going to break this trend. 
today to underscore a serious problem in Pasco County, Florida, this week that is devastating homeowners—flooding—after days of continuous rain. 
the Army Corps of Engineers worked with county officials to implement some measures to mitigate flooding, but more needs to be done. 
have been working for 19 years to extend Ridge Road. One of the main justifications for the Ridge Road extension is a matter of safety. An extension is a muchneeded evacuation route in the case of natural disasters, like flooding or hurricanes. 
Elfers, Florida, in my district, is ongoing. The Ridge Road extension needs to 
be approved. Nineteen years is far too long. The Army Corps must stop dragging its feet. 
The serious flood this week demonstrates the need for action. I hope that the Corps gets the message. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remind my colleagues of our responsibility to preserve and strengthen the Medicare Program for future generations. 
and Medicaid Services released its annual Medicare trustees report, an update on the longterm solvency and effectiveness of this vastly important health insurance program. 
trust fund that finances Medicare’s hospital insurance coverage will remain solvent until 2030, it also cautioned that a high number of Medicare beneficiaries could see their Medicare part B premiums sharply increase in January of 2016. 
and nursing home administrator, I understand the importance of providing access to quality care at a realistic cost. One of the ways we can make Medicare services more affordable is by targeting waste and abuse within the program. 
With this in mind, I have consistently worked with my colleagues to introduce and support legislation aimed at reducing fraud and increasing administrative effectiveness. 
I look forward to continuing these efforts and urge my colleagues to join me in finding new ways to safeguard and sustain Medicare. 
House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 23. 
That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 2499. 
That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 1626. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 3 p.m. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1138) to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness Additions Act’’. 
accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), certain Federal lands in the Sawtooth and Challis National Forests in the State of Idaho, comprising approximately 67,998 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Hemingway/Boulders Wilderness AreaProposed’’ and dated February 25, 2015, are designated as wilderness and as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System, which shall be known as the ‘‘HemingwayBoulders Wilderness’’. 
Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), certain Federal lands in the Challis National Forest and Challis District of the Bureau of Land Management in the State of Idaho, comprising approximately 116,898 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Jim McClure Jerry Peak Wilderness’’ and dated February 21, 2015, are designated as wilderness and as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System, which shall be known as the ‘‘Jim McClureJerry Peak Wilderness’’. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a map and legal description for each wilderness area. 
rights, each wilderness area shall be administered by the Secretary in accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), except that— 
are administered by the Secretary of the Interior, any reference in the Wilderness Act 
to the Secretary of Agriculture shall be considered to be a reference to the Secretary of the Interior. 
cultural history of the State of Idaho and the Native American and pioneer heritage of the State. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior shall collaboratively develop wilderness management plans for the wilderness areas. 
areas, the grazing of livestock in which grazing is established before the date of enactment of this Act shall be allowed to continue, subject to such reasonable regulations, policies, and practices as the Secretary determines to be necessary, in accordance with— 
ensure a permanent end to grazing on the land covered by the permit or lease or portion of the permit or lease. 
a valid grazing permit or lease donates less than the full amount of grazing use authorized under the permit or lease, the Secretary shall— 
title affects the jurisdiction of the State of Idaho with respect to the management of fish and wildlife on public land in the State, including the regulation of hunting, fishing, and trapping within the wilderness areas. 
date of enactment of this Act, including any water rights held by the United States; or 
term ‘‘water resource facility’’ means irrigation and pumping facilities, reservoirs, water conservation works, aqueducts, canals, ditches, pipelines, wells, hydropower projects, and transmission and other ancillary facilities, and other water diversion, storage, and carriage structures. 
of special use airspace, or the establishment of military flight training routes, over the wilderness areas. 
land outside a wilderness area can be seen or heard within the wilderness area shall not preclude the activity or use outside the boundary of the wilderness area. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall seek to complete an exchange for State land located within the boundaries of the wilderness areas designated by this title. 
Any land or interest in land located inside the boundary of a wilderness area that is acquired by the United States after the date of enactment of this Act shall be added to, and administered as part of the, wilderness area. 
land management plans adopted under section 202 of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1712). 
special use permit or convey to Blaine County, Idaho, without consideration, not to exceed one acre of land for use as a school bus turnaround, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Blaine County Conveyance— Eagle Creek Parcel—Proposed’’ and dated October 1, 2006. 
of the Interior shall convey to Custer County, Idaho (in this section referred to as the ‘‘County’’), without consideration, approximately 114 acres of land depicted as ‘‘Parcel A’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Custer County and City of Mackay Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, for use as a public park and campground, consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
depicted as ‘‘Parcel B’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Custer County and City of Mackay Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, for use as a fire hall, consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
of the Interior shall convey to the County, without consideration, approximately 80 acres of land depicted as ‘‘Parcel C’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Custer County and City of Mackay Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, to be used for a waste transfer site, consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
to the City of Challis, Idaho, without consideration, approximately 460 acres of land within the area generally depicted as ‘‘Parcel B’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Custer County and City of Challis Conveyances’’ and dated February 2, 2010, to be used for public purposes consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
Idaho (in this section referred to as the ‘‘City’’), without consideration, approximately 23 acres of land depicted as ‘‘Parcel A’’ on the map entitled ‘‘City of Clayton Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, for use as a public cemetery. 
shall convey to the City, without consideration, approximately two acres of land depicted as ‘‘Parcel B’’ on the map entitled ‘‘City of Clayton Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, for use as a public park or other public purpose consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
Interior shall convey to the City, without consideration, approximately two acres of land depicted as ‘‘Parcel C’’ on the map entitled ‘‘City of Clayton Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, for location of a water tower, consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
The Secretary of the Interior shall convey to the City, without consideration, approximately six acres of land depicted as ‘‘Parcel D’’ on the map entitled ‘‘City of Clayton Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010 (including any necessary access rightofway across the river), for use as a wastewater treatment facility, consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
Agriculture shall convey to the City of Stanley, Idaho (in this section referred to as the ‘‘City’’), without consideration, a parcel of National Forest System land within the Sawtooth National Recreation Area, but outside the area managed by the Sawtooth Interpretative and Historical Association under special use permit with the Secretary, that consists of approximately four acres as indicated on the map entitled ‘‘Custer County and City of Stanley Conveyance Parcel Proposed’’ and dated February 24, 2015, for the purpose of permitting the City to develop the parcel to provide workforce housing for persons employed in the City or its environs. 
of a special use permit or the conveyance of land under this title shall be subject to any terms and conditions that the Secretary determines to be appropriate. 
of land conveyed under this title ceases to be used for the public purpose for which the parcel was conveyed, the parcel shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, based on a determination that reversion is in the best interests of the United States, revert to the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) 
and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from American Samoa? 
There was no objection. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
of Idaho, would establish new recreation and wilderness areas and release 154,000 acres of wilderness study areas back to multiple use in central Idaho. 
Bureau of Land Management and U.S. Forest Service land, is home to world class scenery and attracts thousands of outdoor recreationists, including snowmobilers, hunters, backpackers, hikers, mountain bikers, outfitters, and campers. The bill also conveys several Federal parcels to local counties and cities to be used for a variety of municipal purposes. 
tirelessly on this issue for the last decade. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1138. 
Committee on Natural Resources ordered favorably reported without amendment H.R. 774, the Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015, by unanimous consent. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, with an additional referral to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Transportation and Infrastructure to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. I understand that our staffs have worked out some additional language that affects provisions in your jurisdiction for the Floor, and I pledge to incorporate this language when we get to that point in the process. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support having the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding. 
request, and for your continued strong cooperation between our committees. 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
letter regarding H.R. 774, the Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015, as ordered reported by the Committee on Natural Resources on April 30, 2015. I appreciate your inclusion of changes requested by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure as this bill moves forward. 
I agree to allow the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to be discharged from consideration of H.R. 774 with the understanding that this discharge does not affect the Committee’s jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and does not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, I expect the negotiated text to be the text considered on the floor. Finally, as stated in your letter, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I fully expect the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to be represented on the conference committee. 
Thank you for your assistance in this matter and for agreeing to include a copy of this letter in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration. 
of H.R. 1138. This bill adds over 275,000 acres of wilderness to the Sawtooth National Recreational Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness in Idaho’s Boulder White Cloud Mountains. 
central Idaho is the largest contiguous roadless area in the 48 States, and it deserves the permanent protection provided by this bill. The region contains over 150 mountains that are over 10,000 feet and provides critical habitat for numerous fish and wildlife species. It is also a popular recreation destination that attracts people who hunt, fish, ski, and hike along the pristine shores of the alpine lakes and the ridges of the rugged mountains. 
conservation, and I applaud my colleague from Idaho for all of his work and determination. Mr. Speaker, I also thank the committee for their work on this bill. 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON) the author of the bill. 
bringing H.R. 1138 to the floor today, which we refer to as SNRA+. I also want to thank Ranking Member GRIJALVA of the full committee, Chairman 
hearing on the BoulderWhite Clouds on what then was a bill called CIEDRA. CIEDRA was a complicated 60page bill that tried to do a lot of things for a lot of different people. 
bill we call SNRA+ that brings management certainty—and that is an important aspect—to the BoulderWhite Clouds. It does this by making the determination about which parts of the current wilderness study area will in fact become wilderness and which parts will be released for multiple use. 
areas totaling 275,665 acres: HemmingwayBoulders Wilderness, with 67,998 acres; White Clouds Wilderness, with 90,769 acres; and in honor of the late Senator Jim McClure, we have the James A. McClureJerry Peak Wilderness, with 116,898 acres. The bill also releases wilderness study areas back to multiple use, totaling 153,883 acres. 
So this not only makes the determination of what is going to be wilderness, it releases the other wilderness study areas for multiple use. 
that we do not close any motorized roads or trails in this bill. Ranchers with allotments on the SNRA would be allowed to voluntarily retire their grazing permits and be eligible for compensation from a third party. Any retired grazing permits would be permanently closed. 
the bill affects the jurisdiction of the State of Idaho with respect to the management of fish and wildlife on public land in the State, including the regulation of hunting, fishing, and trapping within the wilderness areas. 
Individual parcels of land will be conveyed to Custer and Blaine Counties and rural communities for public purposes, including workforce housing, cemeteries, water towers, and waste transfer sites. 
been provided to the SNRA for trail maintenance and improvements, including maintenance and improvements of existing motorized trails and two existing trials to provide primitive wheelchair access and for acquiring the land to build a mechanized bike/snowmobile access trail between Redfish Lake and Stanley. 
needs of today’s users and resolves longstanding debates over the management of the BoulderWhite Clouds. It will end the discussion of monuments and wilderness in the BoulderWhite Clouds, and secures the future for generations of Idahoans who want to continue using and enjoying our beautiful BoulderWhite Clouds. 
of support we now have for this bill. We have the support of the Idaho Recreation Council, whose members include ATVers, motorcyclists, motorized and nonmotorized boaters, rafters, backcountry pilots, RVers, rock hounds, recreational miners, and 
We also have the support of the Sawtooth Society, the Custer County Commissioners, East Fork Ranchers, the Idaho Farm Bureau, the Idaho Cattle Association, Idaho Outfitters and Guides, the Idaho Conservation League, and the Idaho Wilderness Society. 
conservation groups, and it demonstrates how far we have come with this bill and how widely it is supported. 
This is an Idaho bill—crafted by Idahoans over the past 15 years—to address some of the most contentious land management issues in one of the most beautiful places on Earth so that we can both use and enjoy it and preserve it for future generations. It is, by 
any definition, a ‘‘compromise’’ by all stakeholders, and I urge my colleagues to pass this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I have a list of people I 
want to thank who helped support this bill over the years and have worked very diligently on this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the following people who have worked with me during most or part of the last 15 years. They each played a role in their own way. 
thank Rick Johnson, who has become a true friend and honest broker in this long journey. I also want to thank Tim Mahoney, Marcia Argust, Craig Gehrke, Brad Brooks, Mike Matz, John Gilroy, Linn Kincannon, Lynne Stone, Tom Pomeroy, Bart Koehler, Kai Anderson, Athan Manuel, Chris Wood, Erik Schultz, Dani Mazzotta, and Myke Bybee. 
I want to thank the Custer County Commissioners Wayne Butts, Lin Hintze, Doyle Lamb and Cliff Hansen. They stood by us throughout and made sure their concerns were heard and taken care of. 
County Commissioners including Sarah Michael and also Larry Schoen who signed a joint letter with Commissioner Butts of Custer County. 
Council President Steve Botti and Mayor Herb Mumford and former mayor Hannah Stauts. 
Wayne and Melody Baker, Gary and Jackie Ingram, Doug, Cheryl and Sarah Baker and Junior and Lura Baker. They stood by me through thick and thin. They were the reason we started this process, and we are going to make sure their livelihoods on the East Fork continue for future generations. 
former executive director Bob Hayes, current executive director Gary O’Malley, Hans Carstensen and the current President Paul Hill. 
From the Idaho Recreation Council who represent motorized users I want to thank Brett Madron, Steve Frisbie and Gary Cvecich. I want to also thank their leader Sandra Mitchell. She is an incredible woman who represents her members very, very well. 
and Mike Stark who represent the outfitters and guides. 
At the Forest Service, I need to thank Ed 
Cannady for answering the hundreds of questions we asked over the years on uses and 
map boundaries. He knows the area better than anyone and he cares even more about them. He also took me, my staff and even the Forest Service Chief into the White Clouds on various trips so I could get a better understanding of the area. Ed has become a very good friend throughout this process. 
thank Kit Mullen, Ruth Monahan, David Stockdale, Brenda Geesey, Bonnie Luckman, Barbara Garcia, Julie Thomas, Jennifer Blake, and Beckie Wagoner. 
working on this bill with Chairman Pombo and is finishing it with Chairman BISHOP . She is 
I want to thank Gregory Kostka at Legislative Counsel. He drafted and redrafted countless versions of this bill over the years. He is a true professional. 
I want to thank Laurel Sayer who was on 
my staff and is now working in the conservation community. She attended many meetings and did terrific ground work for me throughout the process. 
I want to thank Senator RISCH who when I 
spoke to him last year about one last try before a monument proclamation he said ‘‘I think we can do this, MIKE.’’ The Senator and his 
staff John Sandy and Darren Parker have done a great job helping us get to the finish line. 
Slater, Malisah Small, Nathan Greene, Sarah Cannon, James Neill, Emilee Henshaw, Solara Linehan, Billy Valderrama, John Revier and Nikki Wallace. They have each helped in many different ways. 
I want to thank my colleague, Mr. SIMPSON , for sponsoring this very important piece of legislation. 
H.R. 1138, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1138. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
ILLEGAL, UNREPORTED, AND UNREGULATED FISHING ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 774) to strengthen enforcement mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, and for other purposes, as amended. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015’’. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: 
MEASURES TO PREVENT, DETER AND ELIMINATE ILLEGAL, UNREPORTED AND UNREGULATED FISHING 
Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g) is amended by inserting before the first sentence the following: 
Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall enforce this Act, and the Acts to which this section applies, in accordance with this section. Each such Secretary may, by agreement, on a reimbursable basis or otherwise, utilize the personnel services, equipment (including aircraft and vessels), and facilities of any other Federal agency, and of any State agency, in the performance of such duties. 
Secretary may, subject to appropriations and in the course of carrying out the Secretary’s responsibilities under the Acts to which this section applies, engage in international cooperation to help other nations combat illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing and achieve sustainable fisheries. 
to the data confidentiality provisions in section 402 of the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881a), may disclose, as necessary and appropriate, information, including information collected under joint authority of the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) and the Atlantic Tunas Convention Act of 1975 (16 U.S.C. 71 et seq.) or the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation Act (16 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) or other statutes implementing international fishery agreements, to any other Federal or State government agency, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, the secretariat or equivalent of an international fishery management organization or arrangement made pursuant to an international fishery agreement, or a foreign government, if— 
‘‘(II) to administer or enforce any international fishery agreement to which the United States is a party; 
conservation measure adopted by any international organization or arrangement to which the United States is a party; 
‘‘(IV) to assist in any investigative, judicial, or administrative enforcement proceeding in the United States; or 
APPLICABLE .—The data confidentiality provisions of section 402 of the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881a) shall not apply with respect to this Act with respect to— 
share information under a regional fisheries management organization (as that term is defined by the United Nation’s Food and Agriculture Organization Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing) of which the United States is a member; or 
‘‘(ii) any information collected by the Secretary regarding foreign vessels. 
any regulation or permit issued pursuant to this Act; 
prohibited by this section or any Act to which this section applies; 
any means, the apprehension, arrest, or detection of an other person, knowing that such person has committed any act prohibited by this section or any Act to which this section applies; or 
Act or any Act to which this section applies; or 
National Marine Fisheries Service or under contract to any person to carry out responsibilities under this Act or any Act to which this section applies. 
provisions in section 402 of the Magnuson Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881a) shall not apply with respect to this Act— 
share information under a regional fisheries management organization (as that term is defined by the United Nation’s Food and Agriculture Organization Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing) of which the United States is a member; or 
list of vessels and vessel owners engaged in illegal, unreported, or unregulated fishing or fishingrelated activities in support of illegal, unreported, or unregulated fishing, including vessels or vessel owners identified by an international fishery management organization or arrangement made pursuant to an international fishery agreement, that— 
whose procedures and criteria in developing and maintaining a list of such vessels and vessel owners are substantially similar to such procedures and criteria adopted pursuant to an international fishery agreement to which the United States is a party; and 
vessels and vessel owners, including action against fish, fish parts, or fish products from such vessels, in accordance with applicable United States law and consistent with applicable international law, including principles, rights, and obligations established in applicable international fishery management agreements and trade agreements. 
notify the President and that nation of such an identification.’’. 
compilation and analysis of data collected and provided by international fishery management organizations and other nations and organizations,’’ after ‘‘shall’’; and 
any point during the preceding three years, conservation and management measures required under an international fishery management agreement to which the United States is a party and the violations undermine the effectiveness of such measures; or 
Where the provisions of this Act are applicable to nations, they shall also be applicable, as appropriate, to other entities that have competency to enter into international fishery management agreements.’’. 
‘‘or illegal, unreported, or unregulated fishing’’ after ‘‘driftnet fishing’’; 
‘‘or illegal, unreported, or unregulated fishing’’ after ‘‘driftnet fishing’’; and 
the North Pacific Anadromous Stocks Act of 1992 (16 U.S.C. 5009) is amended— 
Anadromous Stocks Act of 1992 (16 U.S.C. 5010) is amended to read as follows: 
this Act and enforcement of this Act, see section 606 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g).’’. 
Convention Implementation Act (title V of Public Law 109–479) is amended— 
this Act and enforcement of this Act, see section 606 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g).’’; 
and redesignating sections 12 and 13 as sections 11 and 12, respectively. 
under the laws of the United States or eligible for such documentation.’’. 
Section 207 of the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Convention Act of 1995 (16 U.S.C. 5606) is amended— 
PENALTIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AND ENFORCE MENT ’’; 
whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 (16 U.S.C. 951 et seq.). 
Section 2 (16 U.S.C. 951) is amended to read 
means the InterAmerican Tropical Tuna Commission provided for by the Convention. 
of an InterAmerican Tropical Tuna Commission, signed at Washington, May 31, 1949, by the United States of America and the Republic of Costa Rica; 
entry into force for the United States, and any amendments thereto that are in force for the United States; or 
individual, partnership, corporation, or association subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. 
States’ includes all areas under the sovereignty of the United States. 
Section 3 (16 U.S.C. 952) is amended to read 
shall be represented on the Commission by 4 United States Commissioners. The President shall appoint individuals to serve on the Commission. The United States Commissioners shall be subject to supervision and removal by the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary. In making the appointments, the President shall select United States Commissioners from among individuals who are knowledgeable or experienced concerning highly migratory fish stocks in the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean, one of whom shall be an officer or employee of the Department of Commerce. Not more than 2 United States Commissioners may be 
appointed who reside in a State other than a State whose vessels maintain a substantial fishery in the area of the Convention. 
serving as United States Commissioners, other than officers or employees of the United States Government, shall not be considered Federal employees except for the purposes of injury compensation or tort claims liability as provided in chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. 
Commissioners or Alternate Commissioners, although officers of the United States while so serving, shall receive no compensation for their services as United States Commissioners or Alternate Commissioners. 
necessary travel expenses of United States Commissioners and Alternate United States Commissioners to meetings of the Inter American Tropical Tuna Commission and other meetings the Secretary of State deems necessary to fulfill their duties, in accordance with the Federal Travel Regulations and sections 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. 
the Secretary of State, shall appoint a General Advisory Committee which shall consist of not more than 25 individuals who shall be representative of the various groups concerned with the fisheries covered by the Convention, including nongovernmental conservation organizations, providing to the maximum extent practicable an equitable balance among such groups. Members of the General Advisory Committee will be eligible to participate as members of the United States delegation to the Commission and its working groups to the extent the Commission rules and space for delegations allow. 
Council’s Advisory Committee shall be ex officio members of the General Advisory Committee by virtue of their positions in those Councils. 
shall be invited to attend all nonexecutive meetings of the United States delegation and at such meetings shall be given opportunity to examine and to be heard on all proposed programs of investigation, reports, recommendations, and regulations of the Commission. 
shall determine its organization, and prescribe its practices and procedures for carrying out its functions under this title, the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), and the Convention. The General Advisory Committee shall publish and make available to the public a statement of its organization, practices and procedures. Meetings of the General Advisory Committee, except when in executive session, shall be open to the public, and prior notice of meetings shall be made public in timely fashion. The General Advisory Committee shall not be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
and the Secretary of State shall furnish the General Advisory Committee with relevant information concerning fisheries and international fishery agreements. 
General Advisory Committee in a timely manner such administrative and technical support services as are necessary for its effective functioning. 
away from their homes or regular places of business to attend meetings of the General Advisory Committee shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Government service are allowed expenses under section 5703 of title 5, United States Code; and 
‘‘(ii) shall not be considered Federal employees except for the purposes of injury compensation or tort claims liability as provided in chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code.’’; 
Section 6 (16 U.S.C. 955) is amended to read 
adopted by the Commission that would govern fisheries under the authority of a Regional Fishery Management Council, the Secretary may, to the extent practicable within the implementation schedule of the Convention and any recommendations and decisions adopted by the Commission, promulgate such regulations as may be necessary to carry out the United States international obligations under the Convention and this Act, in accordance with the procedures established by the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
promulgate regulations as may be necessary to carry out the United States international obligations under the Convention and this Act, applicable to all vessels and persons subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, including vessels documented under chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, wherever they may be operating, on such date as the Secretary shall prescribe.’’. 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 6’’; and 
this Act and enforcement of this Act, see section 606 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g).’’. 
606 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g).’’. 
MEASURES TO PREVENT, DETER AND ELIMINATE ILLEGAL, UNREPORTED AND UNREGULATED FISHING 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Port State 
the Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing. 
Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, done at the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, in Rome, Italy, November 22, 2009, and signed by the United States November 22, 2009. 
vessel that is included in a list of vessels having engaged in IUU fishing or fishingrelated activities in support of IUU fishing that has been adopted by a regional fisheries management organization of which the United States is a member, or a list adopted by a regional fisheries management organization of which the United States is not a 
member if the Secretary determines the criteria used by that organization to create the IUU list is comparable to criteria adopted by RFMOs of which the United States is a member for identifying IUU vessels and activities. 
means the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
ship of another type, or boat used for, equipped to be used for, or intended to be used for, fishing or fishingrelated activities, including container vessels that are carrying fish that have not been previously landed. 
(ii) the attempted catching, taking, or harvesting of fish; 
(iii) any other activity which can reasonably be expected to result in the catching, taking, or harvesting of fish; or 
(iv) any operations at sea in support of, or 
activity that is conducted by a scientific research vessel. 
in consultation with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating; 
as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this title, to the extent that such regulations are not already promulgated. 
consultation with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, may designate and publicize the ports to which vessels may seek entry. No port may be designated under this section that has not also been designated as a port of entry for customs reporting purposes pursuant to section 1433 of title 19, United States Code, or that is not specified under an existing international fisheries agreement. 
national, relevant coastal nations, RFMOs, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, and other relevant international organizations. 
may request confirmation from the flag state of a foreign vessel that the fish on board a foreign vessel in a port subject to the jurisdiction of the United States were taken in accordance with applicable RFMO conservation and management measures. 
The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall authorize or deny entry to vessels to which such a decision applies. 
which the Coast Guard is operating may deny entry to any vessel to which such a decision applies— 
to provide confirmation requested by the Secretary that the fish on board were taken in accordance with applicable RFMO conservation and management measures; or 
as required by its flag nation or the relevant 
fishingrelated activities in support of such fishing, including in support of a listed IUU vessel, unless it can establish that— 
(ii) in the case of the provision of personnel, fuel, gear, and other supplies at sea, the vessel provisioned was not, at the time of provisioning, a listed IUU vessel. 
health of the crew or safety of the vessel; 
The Secretary, and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, shall conduct foreign vessel inspections in ports subject to the jurisdiction of the United States as necessary to achieve the purposes of the Agreement and this title. If, following an inspection, the Secretary has reasonable grounds to believe that a foreign vessel has engaged in IUU fishing or fishing related activities in support of such fishing, the Secretary may take enforcement action under this title or other applicable law, and shall deny the vessel the use of port services, in accordance with section 305. 
It is unlawful for any person subject to the 
any requirement under this title or the regulations issued under this title; or 
Such paragraphs and subsections apply to violations of this title and any regulations promulgated under this title. 
by the Secretary (after notice and opportunity for a hearing in accordance with section 554 of title 5, United States Code) to 
have committed an act prohibited under section 307 shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty. The amount of the civil penalty shall be consistent with the amount 
provisions of law relating to seizure, summary judgment, and judicial forfeiture and condemnation for violation of the customs laws, the disposition of the property forfeited or condemned or the proceeds from the sale thereof, the remission or mitigation of such forfeitures, and the compromise of claims shall apply to seizures and forfeitures incurred, or alleged to have been incurred, under the provisions of this title, insofar as applicable and not inconsistent with the provisions hereof. For seizures and forfeitures of property under this section by the Secretary, such duties as are imposed upon the customs officer or any other person with respect to the seizure and forfeiture of property under the customs law may be performed by such officers as are designated by the Secretary or, upon request of the Secretary, by any other agency that has authority to manage and dispose of seized property. 
section there is a rebuttable presumption that all fish, or components thereof, found on board a vessel that is used or seized in connection with a violation of this title (including any regulation promulgated under this Act) were taken, obtained, or retained as a result of IUU fishing or fishingrelated activities in support of IUU fishing. 
AND INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS .—Consistent with existing authority and the availability of funds, the Secretary shall provide appropriate assistance to developing nations and international organizations of which such nations are members to assist those nations in meeting their obligations under the Agreement. 
the Secretary may, by agreement, on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis, utilize the personnel, services, equipment, and facilities of any Federal, State, local, or foreign government or any entity of any such government. 
be construed to displace any requirements imposed by the customs laws of the United States or any other laws or regulations enforced or administered by the Secretary of Homeland Security. Where more stringent requirements regarding port entry or access to port services exist under other Federal law, those more stringent requirements shall apply. Nothing in this title shall affect a vessel’s entry into port, in accordance with international law, for reasons of force majeure or distress. 
INTERNATIONAL LAW.—This title shall be interpreted and applied in accordance with United States obligations under international law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) 
and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from American Samoa? 
There was no objection. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
As the Congresswoman from American Samoa, I can confidently say that fishing and the jobs it provides are one of the biggest issues of our territory. It is a way of life. It has shaped our culture, our customs, and our traditions, and that must continue. It is for that reason that I am a cosponsor of H.R. 774, the Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015. 
fishing,’’ illegal, unreported, and unregulated—or IUU—fishing is a wide range of fishing activities that fail to comply with national, regional, or global fisheries, conservation, and management requirements. These unlawful practices impact various sectors of our seafood industry, which is certainly true in respect to our tuna industry in American Samoa. 
is difficult to quantify, though some estimates suggest that it results in economic losses between $10 billion to $23 billion worldwide annually. The effects of IUU fishing aren’t only felt on the decks of our fishing boats, the impacts that we are talking about here can be felt all the way to your dinner plate. 
that the fishermen that I represent can operate on a level playing field with foreign nation vessels. Specifically, the bill aims to identify and regulate illegal foreign fishing vessels that are hurting our fishermen’s ability to provide for their families. 
I do have to say that, while I am a 
cosponsor of this legislation, I wish that we would have been able to come to an agreement on language that I had proposed specific to the actions and regulations administered by the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Commission, of which American Samoa is a participating territory. 
The intent of my language was to ensure that the Commission could not act in a manner that would hurt our fishermen more than those of other participating foreign nations. All I want is for our fishermen in American Samoa to be on a level playing field with foreign nation vessels to be able to provide for their families. 
While we were not able to reach consensus on my proposed language, I look forward to working with my fellow committee colleagues toward a solution to help the fishing industry in American Samoa. 
Remaining fair and true to our fishermen is so important in the territory that I represent because the fishing industry is the economic driver of many of our communities. While I will continue to work on those ideas legislatively in another vehicle, this is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to support passage of H.R. 774, a bill that I sponsored. It is the Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015. 
H.R. 774 would strengthen enforcement mechanisms to combat IUU fishing, which threatens the economic and social infrastructure of our fishing communities and industry. IUU fishing also threatens the security of the United States and our allies. Countries like Australia, Papua New Guinea, and Palau have led the way in combating IUU fishing. I appreciate that the House is finally taking action that will help to demonstrate U.S. leadership on this important issue. 
over tens of billions of dollars over the years. This tremendous impact on fishing economies undermines their financial security and can destabilize regions. Additionally, in some cases, we have seen IUU fishing facilitates illegal 
human and wildlife trafficking. IUU is bad for our national security, and we must give U.S. authorities the tools to combat this illegal activity. 
Coast Guard with muchneeded tools to fight foreign illegal fishing. It would also implement the Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate IUU fishing, a treaty ratified by the Senate that would set international standards for denying port entry and services to vessels that have engaged in illegal fishing. 
I am proud to note that H.R. 774 is a 
truly bipartisan effort, a result of the hard work of both Democratic and Republican staff, the cosponsorships of both Republican and Democratic Members, and the leadership of the Natural Resources Committee, as well as the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
Jean Flemma, the Natural Resources Committee staff, for their tireless work to move this forward. 
International Conservation Caucus Foundation, the Gulf Coast Leadership Conference, and the countless recreational and commercial fishing businesses across the country for their full fledged support of this bill. 
on H.R. 774, to ensure that the U.S. remains a leader in ensuring the economic security of our Nation and our allies. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 774, the Illegal Unreported and Unregulated (IUU) Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015. H.R. 774 would strengthen enforcement mechanisms to stop IUU fishing, which threatens the economic and social infrastructure of our fishing communities and industry, as well as the security of the United States and our allies. 
While it is difficult to fully track IUU fishing, 
it is estimated to have a global value of $10 billion to $23.5 billion, representing between 11 million and 26 million tons of fish. Not only does this kind of fishing harm marine ecosystems and deplete fish stocks around the world, it also causes significant economic harm to U.S. fishermen. For example, the $700 million worth of king crab harvested illegally from Russian waters alone undercuts the prices Alaskan king crab fishermen get for their catch, hurting the bottom line of a fishery that has become a model for sustainable harvest. IUU fishing in Pacific Ocean waters accounts for approximately 33 percent of total catch from those fisheries. IUU fishing on highly migratory stocks like tuna leaves fewer fish in the water for U.S. fishermen who play by the rules, and frustrates our efforts to manage farranging stocks responsibly. If stocks fail to recover, additional restrictions may be placed on U.S. fishermen, forcing economic losses and undermining confidence in the fairness of the management system. 
and income in the U.S. fishing industry, IUU fishing is also a matter of national and regional security for the U.S. and our allies. IUU fishing is closely associated with various trafficking activities that are highly likely to operate from the same foreign vessels that engage in IUU fishing activities. A 2011 report issued by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime documented the link between illegal fishing and transnational organized crime including human trafficking, drug smuggling, gun running, terrorism, and even slave labor. Especially given that 91 percent of seafood consumed in the United States is imported, it is critical to ensure that the purchases of unsuspecting Americans are not supporting these activities. 
traditional prism of hard power, but we need to shift that paradigm, particularly in the AsiaPacific region. IUU fishing has become a significant issue that has caused conflicts between countries and threatens regional stability such as that in the AsiaPacific region. IUU fishing is a threat to regional security, and we must take steps to address the matter. Banyan Analytics released a report in 2014 that talks about security in the Pacific Island nations, and IUU fishing or food security was a major issue for this region. As we rebalance to the AsiaPacific region, we cannot ignore these types of issues. 
Just as importantly, the problem of IUU fishing is not unique to the Western Pacific. Many American communities, from Alaska and the Pacific Northwest to the Gulf Coast and up and down the Atlantic seaboard, face similar challenges that threaten local economies as well as our national food security. 
leader in sustainable management of marine fisheries, in great part due to the Magnuson Stevens Act. In other parts of the world, however, poor fisheries management is more common, and stocks are overharvested—the direct result of IUU fishing. 
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) recently reported that no federallymanaged fisheries are subject to overfishing. However, that is not the case for many stocks managed by other nations, as well as those managed by several countries through regional fishery management organizations (RFM0s). Over seventy percent of major global marine fish stocks are fully exploited, overexploited, depleted, or recovering from depletion, driven in part by the persistence of IUU fishing. 
the lead on this issue. The EU Fisheries Council has implemented trade restrictions on countries who do not cooperate in combating IUU fishing. Our partners like Australia, Palau, and Papua New Guinea have all taken action to curb IUU fishing in their own EEZs. We cannot continue to lead from behind on IUU fishing enforcement The United States must take our leadership role in this important national security matter seriously. 
Task Force on IUU Fishing and Seafood Fraud, which is the culmination and continuation of the many years of effort on the part of leaders and stakeholders in our fishing communities, in the seafood sector, and in our conservation community. However, we must 
continue to do more. Moreover, H.R. 774 includes provisions that were specifically requested by the Task Force that would enhance the United States’ ability to combat IUU fishing. 
H.R. 774 is the product of extensive negotiations between Democratic and Republican staff in the last Congress, and I commend the Natural Resources Committee staff, particularly Matt Strickler and former staff Jean Flemma, for their work in moving this legislation forward. It is also supported by a broad coalition that includes the U.S. State Department, fishing industry interests, and conservation groups. I also thank Mr. YOUNG of Alaska 
and his staff for working with us on this legislation, and for his continued leadership on an issue that impacts many of his Alaska constituents. 
I am proud to note that H.R. 774 was introduced with—and quickly gained—strong bipartisan support, which included Mr. DONYOUNG  
of Alaska; Mr. P ETER DEFAZIO, Ranking Member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee; Mr. ROBWITTMAN , Chair of the 
Subcommittee on Readiness in the Armed Services Committee; Mr. DUNCAN HUNTER and 
Ranking Member of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee of the Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee; Mr. EDROYCE , Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee; and Mr. M ICHAEL  
I also acknowledge and thank the leadership of Chairman R OBBISHOP and Ranking 
Member R AU´LGRIJALVA of the Natural Resources Committee. H.R. 774 passed the Natural Resources Committee by unanimous consent on April 30, 2015. 
Conservation Caucus Foundation, the Gulf Coast Leadership Conference, and the countless recreational and commercial fishing businesses across the country for their fullfledged support of this bill. 
It will continue to take a collective effort to 
prevent IUU fishing, from stakeholders, the White House, and Congress, so I urge my colleagues to vote yes on H.R. 774, so that the U.S. remains a leader in ensuring the economic security of our nation and our allies. 
no further speakers, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 774, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1831) to establish the Commission 
on EvidenceBased Policymaking, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
branch a commission to be known as the ‘‘Commission on EvidenceBased Policymaking’’ (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
under this section, consideration should be given to individuals with expertise in economics, statistics, program evaluation, data security, confidentiality, or database management. 
The President shall select the chairperson of the Commission and the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall select the co chairperson. 
be appointed for the duration of the Commission. Any vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, and shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. 
the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commission. 
conduct a comprehensive study of the data inventory, data infrastructure, and statistical protocols related to Federal policymaking and the agencies responsible for maintaining that data to— 
which administrative data on Federal programs and tax expenditures, survey data, and related statistical data series may be integrated and made available to facilitate program evaluation, continuous improvement, policyrelevant research, and costbenefit analyses by qualified researchers and institutions; 
incorporate outcomes measurement, institutionalize randomized controlled trials, and rigorous impact analysis into program design. 
data are relevant for program evaluation and Federal policymaking and should be included in a potential clearinghouse; 
be used to facilitate data merging and access for research purposes; 
and institutions should have access to data and what their qualifications should be; 
used to inform program administrators and policymakers to improve program design; and 
the date that is 15 months after the date a 
majority of the members of the Commission are appointed pursuant to section 3. 
grantee of an agency (including a State or unit of local government); and 
heads of the following agencies shall advise and consult with the Commission on matters within their respective areas of responsibility: 
not later than 30 days after the date upon which a majority of its members have been appointed and at such times thereafter as the chairperson or cochairperson shall determine. 
and cochairperson shall, with the approval of a majority of the members of the Commission, establish written rules of procedure for the Commission, which shall include a quorum requirement to conduct the business of the Commission. 
the purpose of carrying out this Act, hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. 
United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other agencies of the Federal Government. 
use, and dispose of gifts or donations of services or property. 
Census, the agencies identified as ‘‘Principal Statistical Agencies’’ in the report, published by the Office of Management and Budget, entitled ‘‘Statistical Programs of the United States Government, Fiscal Year 2015’’ shall transfer funds, as specified in advance in appropriations Acts and in a total amount not to exceed $3,000,000, to the Bureau of the Census for purposes of carrying out the activities of the Commission as provided in this Act; and 
administrative support to the Commission, which may include providing physical space at, and access to, the headquarters of the Bureau of the Census, located in Suitland, Maryland. 
a Director who shall be appointed by the chairperson with the concurrence of the co chairperson. The Director shall be paid at a rate of pay established by the chairperson and cochairperson, not to exceed the annual rate of basic pay payable for level V of the Executive Schedule (section 5316 of title 5, United States Code). 
fix the pay of additional staff as the Director considers appropriate. 
than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of H.R. 1831, as amended, introduced by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN), my friend, the chairman of the 
study data across the Federal Government in order to approve policymaking. Under the bill, the President and the congressional leaders will appoint 15 leading researchers, program administrators, and data and privacy experts who will have 18 months to complete their work. 
best way to make the data accessible they need to make informed policy decisions. It will consider whether or not a clearinghouse would be a more prudent method of coordinating and protecting data. 
The commission will also make recommendations on how to incorporate outcome data when designing Federal programs. It will help ensure the taxpayer can track the value of the program from the very first dollar that is spent. Chairman PAULRYANhas tackled many important issues in this bill, ensuring access to existing Federal data to improve public policy decisionmaking. 
The Government Accountability Office repeatedly calls for more and better data for both GAO and agencies to effectively analyze Federal programs. 
Policymakers need access to data for decisionmaking so the Federal Government can be an effective steward of the taxpayers’ money and resources. 
more than 1,500 different programs, and the Congressional Budget Office estimates the annual Federal spending will exceed $4 trillion in just 2 years’ time. 
We know that some programs are duplicative or wasteful, but what about all the others? Are they working? Do they make taxpayers’ lives better? For the most part, we simply do not know and have the analytics to back it up. 
Management and Budget Directors— OMB Directors—Mr. Jim Nussle and Mr. Peter Orszag, less than 1 percent of Federal spending is based on such evidence. 
based policy is to understand what data the Federal Government already has. From there, we can make an informed plan on how to protect the data while ensuring greater access for decisionmakers and a more informed public. 
RYAN for his work to give policymakers and the taxpayer access to the data needed to improve program results. 
Senator PATTY MURRAY has introduced the companion bill in the United States Senate, and President Obama has called for an emphasis on evidence based policies in his budget as well. 
the bill, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1831. 
Commission Act was introduced in the House by Representative PAUL RYAN 
MURRAY on April 16, 2015. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered the bill reported by voice vote on May 19, 2015. 
member commission to study ways to improve the use of administrative data on Federal programs and tax expenditures. The commission would also consider whether to establish a clearinghouse for information collected by Federal agencies. 
amount of data on existing programs, and they are also the beneficiaries of those programs. Too often, however, Federal agencies do not share data with other agencies or with private researchers in a way that can help determine what is working and what is not. 
use of evidence to improve Federal programs, especially in the areas of education, health, and international development programs. The authors of this 
bill have worked with the administration in drafting this legislation. 
In examining ways to better use administrative data, it is critical to ensure that the privacy of individuals continues to be protected. That is why the members of this commission would be required to have expertise not only in economics and statistics, but also in data security and confidentiality. 
of private sector organizations, from The Heritage Foundation to the Urban Institute. 
I believe an evidencebased policymaking commission would help us improve the way the Federal Government works. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
where it says: ‘‘The Budget also embraces Representative PAUL RYAN and 
create a commission that would make recommendations about how to fully realize the potential of administrative data to improve Federal programs. The proposal exemplifies the highlevel and bipartisan momentum for doing more to tap this important resource.’’ 
It is important that we come together. In this case, I want to thank members on both sides of the aisle, there in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. 
another commission or board; it seems like we have an awful lot of these, but here, we see some good thinking in a bipartisan way with some support from not only the House of Representatives and the United States Senate, but also the President of the United States. 
I see fit to pass this out of our committee. It sailed through, and I believe that it is a good bill and would urge our Members to vote ‘‘aye’’ in favor of this piece of legislation. 
of Congress, a freshman, that it is refreshing to be able to stand here today on a bipartisan bill and be supportive. 
the bill would require the President and four congressional leaders to each appoint three commission members. One of the President’s appointees will be the Director of the Office of Management and Budget or a designee. 
experience as academic researchers, data experts, or program administrators. Other members would be required to have experience with database management confidentiality and privacy matters. Individuals with expertise in economics, statistics, program, and evaluation will also be considered. 
that there are currently so many of our agencies that are collecting data and 
that now we have understood and in the spirit of being efficient and being progressive in our government, that this commission will satisfy that. 
and urge my colleagues, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Again, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s comments and agree that this is a place where we can come together and work together. 
directed to determine the best structure for information that is collected and maintained by Federal agencies. 
have to be cognizant about is not only making this information available to congressional researchers and people at the GAO or OMB, but also making sure that the public has access to this information for they are, ultimately, the ones that have paid for it, and they should be able to consume it. 
able to find new methods, whether it is some new app or some other new way to collectively bring this information and have that information that is then passed on and accessible by the public. 
I also look forward to Congress receiving the recommendations and would highlight one of the things that I think is good about the structure of this bill is that it expires 18 months after its enactment, so there is a built in exit here. This does not continue on in perpetuity. It is something that has an expiration date, which we should probably look at on a more frequent basis. 
want to say a few words about what we’re trying to do here. 
focus on inputs . . . on effort—like how much money we’re spending, how many people we’re serving, how many programs we’re creating. 
What we need to do is focus on outcomes 
. . . on results—like how many people we’re getting out of poverty. 
minds on data collection and figure out how we can up our game. 
How can we use data to evaluate policy? How can we protect people’s privacy? How can we get the best results for the 
If we do this right, we’ll stop having debates 
over what’s Republican and what’s Democrat . . . or what’s liberal and conservativ e...  
Those are the kinds of debates we need to 
have. So I urge all my colleagues to support his bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1831, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 61) amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
UNDER TRICARE OR THE VETERANS ADMINISTRATION NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN DETERMINING EMPLOYERS TO WHICH THE EMPLOYER MANDATE APPLIES UNDER PATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
UNDER TRICARE OR THE VETERANS ADMINISTRA TION.—Solely for purposes of determining 
whether an employer is an applicable large employer under this paragraph for any month, an individual shall not be taken into account as an employee for such month if such individual has medical coverage for such month under— 
chapter 17 or 18 of title 38, United States Code, as determined by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L EVIN) each 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.J. Res. 61 currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS), the 
author of this legislation, for the purposes of explaining what it does. 
Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of my bill, the Hire More Heroes Act. 
help small businesses hire more of our veterans by exempting veterans who are already receiving health care through the DOD or the VA from being counted towards the 50employee limit for the employer mandate under the Affordable Care Act. 
H.R. 22, the Hire More Heroes Act, by an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 412–0. 
I especially want to thank my colleague from Hawaii, TULSI GABBARD , 
for working together on this issue. And I also want to take this time, Mr. Speaker, to thank Chairman PAUL 
Committee for ensuring that this very important issue is addressed in this Congress. 
this important legislation to be implemented into law this session, we are again considering the Hire More Heroes Act, which I reintroduced last week as H.J. Res. 61. 
Washington is supposed to work. I say this because this idea didn’t come from Washington. It came from a member of my Veterans Advisory Board in Madison County, Illinois. 
After explaining ObamaCare to veterans throughout southwestern Illinois and how it impacts their VA benefits, this advisory board member, Brad Lavite, began wondering why they were subject to the employer mandate if they were not even in need of health insurance coverage. 
one of my Veterans Advisory Board meetings, and shortly thereafter we began work on this Hire More Heroes Act. 
those with less than 50 employees, hire more of our Nation’s veterans by making a commonsense change to ObamaCare. 
We continue to see this law’s lingering impact on our economy, as many small businesses delay hiring, cut hours and, in some cases, reduce payroll. In fact, the National Small Business 
Association found that 91 percent of small businesses have seen increases in their healthcare costs, and twothirds of their members listed the Affordable Care Act as a reason for holding off on investing in people. 
invests in people, that is how America creates jobs. 
In my home State of Illinois, it is estimated this year that Affordable Care Act premium increases will rise as much as 30 percent. 
to the law, we will not only help provide small businesses muchneeded relief, but also—the main goal—help veterans, our heroes, find more work. 
training in the world, post9/11 veterans are consistently faced with higher unemployment rates than that of other veterans. 
return home, the Hire More Heroes Act will give these veterans a boost in this very competitive job market. 
earlier this year 412–0. I am asking all of my colleagues to support this commonsense, bipartisan policy that will help American businesses hire more of our heroes. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in active support of this bill. It 
encourages veteran employment as well as the growth of midsized businesses. 
of recent times has gone down, but it still remains too high. That is especially true for those women who have served in our armed services. 
challenge they face continues in terms of employment. In Macomb County, for example, there is a particularly active part of the Vietnam veterans. 
to get employment for their membership, but there remains a major challenge. This bill will help. 
national commitment to help the veterans who have served this Nation and who deserve the chance as they return to find fulltime employment. 
So let’s all of us, as we did before, 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
here, which is this is just a nobrainer. What I particularly like about this bill is this is just the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) doing his job 
as a Member of Congress, getting a very constructive idea from a constituent veteran who pointed out a flaw in the law so he went and spoke to his Member of Congress. 
the law, saw that it needed to be changed, and here we are making this 
Republic is supposed to work. So I am very pleased to see that we are here doing this on a bipartisan basis. 
I was, unfortunately, unavoidably detained for the last bill. I wanted to make just a couple of points on the last suspension that just passed that the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) 
brought to the floor, H.R. 1831, EvidenceBased Policymaking Commission Act of 2015. 
time here in Congress and in the Federal Government focusing on measuring success of our policies based on measuring inputs, not outcomes, how many programs are we creating, how much money are we spending, not are these programs working or not. 
that just passed to create a commission to take a look at the data that we already collect and see if we can give access to academics and use this data more effectively so we can better measure outcomes of our policies. 
use our data to evaluate better policy. We want to make sure that we do it in a way that ensures people’s privacy. 
But we want to move the kind of debate we have been having here from liberal versus conservative or Republican versus Democrat to what works and what doesn’t work. 
our efforts to fight poverty, to try to make a difference, to move people from being dependent, from being stuck in poverty, from being frozen in their current station of life, to reigniting the notion of upward mobility and more successfully targeting and going at the root cause of poverty so that we can actually have programs that are measured based on success and outcomes, which is, are we actually getting people out of poverty. 
passed is to reorient our entire way of looking at things so that we can focus on these outcomes. So I just wanted to lend my statement on that. 
bringing this issue with our veterans to our attention. I urge adoption. 
gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS), a member of the Ways and Means 
chairman. And I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) for 
the floor today again as a supporter of the Hire More Heroes Act. This bill is as commonsense as they come. It exempts our heroes, those veterans and ActiveDuty military from counting towards the President’s employer mandate penalty tax. 
These veterans and ActiveDuty military already receive health insurance 
through the VA and TRICARE. So requiring these employers to provide them with health insurance is redundant and could also have the unintended effect of discouraging employers from hiring these folks. 
healthcare law is clearly not drafted in a thoughtful manner. 
vote in favor of this bill that would eliminate the unnecessary confusion and encourage businesses to hire more heroes. 
this legislation so that it can finally get to the President’s desk. 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEYDAVIS) for the purpose of closing. 
sides of the aisle for looking at this very important issue, this correction that needed to be made so that our veterans get the opportunities they deserve. 
to the floor today to talk about how important this issue is. 
to everybody on the floor today and the bipartisan consensus to, once again, pass this commonsense piece of legislation. 
that I have the honor to serve in Illinois. This idea came from one of them, a constituent who saw the flaw. 
again, correct it. I hope this bill can get to the President’s desk. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the joint resolution was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1482) to improve and reauthorize provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of needbased educational aid. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
Schools Act of 1994 (15 U.S.C. 1 note) is amended— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J OHNSON ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
Aid Act of 2015, continues an antitrust exemption that is set to expire on September 30, 2015. The exemption allows participating colleges and universities to collaborate on a set of criteria to determine applicants’ needs for private financial aid. 
apply to Federal financial aid, only to aid directly provided by the participating colleges and universities. 
The Antitrust Modernization Commission generally cautioned against antitrust exemptions and recommended that Congress closely examine any proposed antitrust immunities. 
by S. 1482 has been in place since 1992. Over the past 23 years, Congress has extended the antitrust exemption on four separate occasions, each time with broad, bipartisan support. 
Additionally, the Government Accountability Office conducted a study to determine whether the exemption adversely impacted the affordability of college and concluded that it did not. 
antitrust exemption, it also narrows it in recognition of the fact that one of the practices allowed by that exemption has not been utilized by participating colleges and universities. Accordingly, the legislation limits the scope of antitrust exemption to those activities that colleges and universities truly need and use. 
the narrowed scope of the exemption, the GAO study on the effects of the bill, and the 7year sunset included in 
the bill, I believe that S. 1482 proposes a safe extension of a reasonable and worthwhile antitrust exemption. 
version of this legislation, H.R. 2604, which the Judiciary Committee ordered favorably reported without amendment. 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Educational Aid Act of 2015, would extend an exemption to the Federal antitrust laws that permits some of our Nation’s most prestigious colleges and universities to agree to admit students on a needblind basis and award financial aid to students with the most demonstrated need. 
Democratic cosponsor of the House companion to this bipartisan legislation. S. 1482 allows colleges and universities that admit students on a need blind basis to collaborate on the formula they use to determine how much families can pay for college. 
1992, and since then, Congress has reauthorized it four times without opposition, most recently in 2008. 
on a common formula for calculating an applicant’s ability to pay for college, the exemption also allows academic institutions to agree to award aid only on the basis of financial need. 
In other words, this exemption ensures that the most qualified students may attend some of our Nation’s most prestigious schools, regardless of family income. This is especially important for lowincome students, who should not be forced to choose between academic institutions on the basis of financial need or financial aid alone. 
empower students through better funding of higher education, this legislation is critical to preserving a level playing field for students at these institutions through a needblind admissions process. 
The 568 Presidents’ Group, a coalition of 23 prestigious colleges and universities that support needbased financial aid, strongly supports this bill. 
In a letter sent to the Judiciary Committee earlier this year, the 568 Presidents’ Group stated that the exemption allows institutions to maximize the allocation of financial aid to ‘‘ensure that those funds are targeted to benefit the students with the greatest financial need and to reduce or, in some cases, eliminate debt loads on graduation.’’ 
Cornell have written in support of this legislation, stating that the exemption ‘‘makes a real difference for our students’’ and is essential to developing 
legislation and ensure that this important exemption does not expire. 
In closing, I thank my colleague Congressman LAMAR SMITH, the former 
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, for his steadfast leadership on this bill since the 105th Congress and during this Congress. 
S. 1482, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), 
the chairman of the Science Committee, the former chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and the chief sponsor of the House version of this legislation. 
me thank my friend from Virginia, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, BOBGOODLATTE , for yielding me time 
and also for bringing this bill to the House floor. 
the identical House bill, I am pleased that we are considering it today. 
extends the current antitrust exemptions set to expire on September 30 for another 7 years. It allows a limited number of private universities that admit students on needblind basis to award financial aid from the schools’ own funds, based entirely on students’ demonstrated financial need. 
This bill authorizes these institutions of higher education to use common principles to assess students’ financial need, and it allows the schools to use a common financial aid application form. 
have accepted the same student to award the same assistance. This ensures that the student selects the college that is the best fit, rather than the school that offered the most financial aid. 
to me personally, having worked on three previous extensions. Common treatment of this narrow category of educational aid makes sense. A Government Accountability Office study previously found that there has been no abuse of the antitrust exemption and that tuition has not gone up as a result. 
helps ensure that financial aid is available to students solely on the basis of demonstrated need. Students who otherwise qualify should not be denied the opportunity to access higher education due to limited financial means. S. 1482 protects this needbased aid and need blind admissions. 
the gentleman from Georgia, HANK JOHNSON , a member of the Judiciary 
Committee, for being the original coauthor of the identical House bill and for his leadership on this particular issue. 
Judiciary Committee for bringing it to the House floor. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Judiciary Committee, for his expeditious bringing of this legislation to the committee and now to the floor. 
Georgia; the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH); the ranking member, Mr. 
CONYERS ; and others for this very bipartisan legislation. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1656) to provide for additional resources for the Secret Service, and to improve protections for restricted areas, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Secret Service Improvements Act of 2015’’. 
shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. The Director of the Secret Service is the head of the Secret Service.’’. 
enter a restricted building or grounds, causes any object to enter any restricted building or grounds, when, or so that, such object, in fact, impedes or disrupts the orderly conduct of government business or official functions;’’. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Secret Service shall increase the annual number of hours spent training by officers and agents of the Secret Service, including officers of the United States Secret Service Uniformed Division established under section 3056A of title 18, United States Code and agents operating pursuant to section 3056 of title 18, United States Code, including joint training between the two. 
The Director of the Secret Service is authorized to construct facilities at the Rowley Training Center necessary to improve the training of officers of the United States Secret Service Uniformed Division established under section 3056A of title 18, United States Code and agents of the United States Secret Service, operating pursuant to section 3056 of title 18, United States Code. 
The Director of the Secret Service is authorized to hire not fewer than— 
States Secret Service Uniformed Division established under section 3056A of title 18, United States Code; and 
States Secret Service Presidential Protective Detail, operating pursuant to section 3056 of title 18, United States Code. 
evaluate the practicability of equipping agents and officers with weapons other than those provided to officers and agents of the Secret Service as of the date of enactment of this Act, including nonlethal weapons. 
Chief Counsel of the United States Secret Service, the Director of the Secret Service shall establish an Ethics Program Office, consisting of a minimum of 2 employees, to administer the provisions of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, as amended, and to provide increased training to employees of the United States Secret Service. 
It is the sense of Congress that an assessment made by the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Director of the Secret Service with regard to physical security of the White House and attendant grounds, and any securityrelated enhancements thereto should be accorded substantial deference by the National Capital Planning Commission, the Commission of Fine Arts, and any other relevant entities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J OHNSON ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
two primary missions: criminal investigations and protection of the President, Vice President, and other dignitaries. As a result, the Secret Service is entrusted with protecting some of our most valuable assets. This is an extremely difficult, highprofile mission, in an environment with zero margin for error. 
many outstanding and upstanding men and women who do excellent work; however, over the last few years, a series of embarrassing scandals, security failures, and instances of poor judgment have rocked the Secret Service. These incidents range from agents’ use of prostitutes while on official travel to Colombia; to an incident in the Netherlands involving intoxicated agents; to the agency’s failure to initially apprehend fence jumper Omar Gonzalez, who was later arrested inside the White House. 
Following these incidents, the President appointed a new director of the Secret Service, Joseph Clancy, who has implemented a number of reforms. The President also appointed a panel of experts to recommend changes to the Secret Service. Through this committee’s oversight and the recommendations of the panel, it is clear that, despite Director Clancy’s initiatives, legislative action is still necessary. 
We must ensure that the agency’s officers and agents are properly trained in order to successfully identify potential threats and prevent them from materializing, as well as to ensure that the agency has the tools it needs to carry out its mission. 
H.R. 1656, the Secret Service Improvements Act of 2015, is bipartisan legislation introduced to provide muchneeded resources to the agency and implement many of the U.S. Secret Service Protective Mission Panel’s recommendations for improvements for the agency. I am pleased to have worked on this legislation with Judiciary Committee Ranking Member CONYERS , Crime Subcommittee Chairman 
This bill makes muchneeded improvements to the Secret Service. These improvements strengthen the security of the President, other protectees, and the White House complex; enhance Secret Service officers’ and agents’ training; and increase the agency’s manpower. This legislation also improves transparency and accountability within the agency by requiring Senate confirmation of the Director of the Secret Service. The person entrusted to not only protect the President, but to also head a $1.5 billion Federal law enforcement agency, should be subject to the same process of advice and consent of the Senate as his counterparts at other comparable agencies. 
ethics office within the office of the general counsel in order to respond to rectify and help prevent misconduct at the agency. 
The resources and improvements provided by this legislation will help to reform the Secret Service and to restore the trust that Congress, the President, and the American people must have in the vital tasks that the Secret Service carries out every single day. 
the Judiciary Committee, and I urge my House colleagues to join me in support of the legislation. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 1656, the Secret Service Improvements Act, will assist the Secret Service with its critical mission of protecting the President and Vice President and other dignitaries as well as with its investigative role in protecting our Nation’s financial infrastructure against criminal threats. 
by the bipartisan leadership of the Judiciary Committee: Chairman BOB 
CONYERS , Crime Subcommittee Chairman J IMSENSENBRENNER , and Crime 
shortcomings related to the Secret Service that have come to light in recent years. 
revered agency has been tarnished both because of the misbehavior of agents and of the performance issues that have resulted in security lapses. Last fall, the Judiciary Committee held an important oversight hearing to review the operation of this vitally important agency. 
who has since taken on the job on a more permanent basis, came before the committee to discuss the mission of the agency and issues relating to recent lapses in security that could have jeopardized the individuals the agency is sworn to protect. In particular, the committee engaged in a frank discussion about the unacceptable incident last September in which a man was able to jump over the White House’s fence, run past Secret Service officers, and enter the White House. 
performance errors made by some of the officers that day, the protective mission of the Secret Service has been jeopardized largely because the agency has been allowed to fall into a state of disrepair. Personnel levels are unacceptably low; the long hours on duty leave little time for training; equipment and technological systems are not upgraded or integrated sufficiently; and the culture of the agency has suffered from poor leadership. 
and expanded upon by the review panel established by Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson in the wake of the White House’s intrusion last year. H.R. 1656 was introduced to address several categories of these challenges to the mission of the Secret Service: leadership, resources, training, authorities, and personal conduct: 
requires the position of Director of the Secret Service to be confirmed by the Senate after the Presidential nomination; 
With respect to resources, the bill authorizes the hiring of additional personnel and requires a review of the agency’s use of technology, an area of concern based on past security lapses; 
With respect to training, the bill requires more training for agents and Uniformed Division officers, and it also authorizes the construction of better training facilities; 
allows the agency to investigate threats against former Vice Presidents in the same way it investigates threats against former Presidents; 
bill establishes an Ethics Program Office that will emphasize the need for agency personnel to conduct themselves according to established ethical standards. 
The goal of this bill is to prevent future security lapses similar to what the agency has experienced in recent years and to protect against even more sophisticated threats that could result in far more harm. 
I hope, will soon become law. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I certainly appreciate my good friend from Georgia for yielding to me to speak on this Secret Service reform bill and on the work of the chairman of the committee, Mr. GOODLATTE from Virginia, 
Our Oversight and Government Reform Committee held several hearings on Secret Service reform, and much of the content, I am pleased to say, is reflected in H.R. 1656. There, of course, have been an increasing number of fence jumpers in recent years, but it 
took a stunning penetration to the very interior of the White House by Omar Gonzalez last year to make it clear that the reform of the Secret Service was urgent. 
had never been—not once—a topto bottom review of the Secret Service in its more than 100 years of existence. This was, clearly, urgently needed; so Secretary Jeh Johnson appointed the first independent review panel. What it found was, across the board, weakness and flaws in the United States Secret Service. 
greatly over the years, today, the Secret Service simply does not reflect the post9/11 experience, much less that of today’s ISIL and domestic terrorism. The fence jumpers had already shown that the Secret Service could not be expected to meet its zero failure mission. 
takes the reform of the Secret Service very seriously. The funding, which is usually missing from such reform these days, is authorized, and the bill adopts much of the independent review’s recommendations: 
Instead of blaming overworked uniformed Secret Service and agents who have been working 6 and 7 days a week for 12 hours a day because of no additional personnel, the bill authorizes the addition of 80 agents and 200 Uniformed Division personnel, which is virtually what the independent review panel recommended; 
hours of training to meet the Secret Service’s expanded mission; 
of technology, and it even takes note of a postfence jumper phenomenon, the unmanned drones that have become a new form of fence jumping. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. NORTON. I appreciate that. Mr. Speaker, the space in front of the 
White House is a First Amendment park. I was invited down to a commemoration by citizens, who come every Monday to urge the reform of our gun laws. 
had talked of making it difficult for the public to come to that space in front of Pennsylvania Avenue. At hearings, I was assured that that was not necessary; and this bill backs that up. Spikes have been added for the fence jumpers, making it difficult to jump over, but Mr. Speaker, I was pleased to see today that the public continues to use Pennsylvania Avenue as the First Amendment space it has always been. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
again, I thank the gentleman from Georgia and the ranking member of the committee, Mr. CONYERS , as well as Mr. S ENSENBRENNER and the ranking 
today in strong support of H.R. 1656, the ‘‘Secret Service Improvements Act of 2015.’’ 
important because it will provide vital resources and strengthen protections of this important agency. 
most elite law enforcement organizations in the world and has earned this reputation by providing 140 years of unparalleled service to this nation. 
number of challenges, including the need for more resources, better training, better use of technology, and a better understanding of emerging threats. 
this bill incorporates my amendment to create an Ethics Program Office to fully and effectively implement and administer the ethics laws, regulations, and policies governing Secret Service employees. 
In recent years, the image of this oncerevered agency has been tarnished—both because of misbehavior of agents and performance issues that resulted in security lapses. 
Much of the negative attention on the personal behavior of Secret Service agents was initially prompted by the revelations in 2012 involving the solicitation of prostitutes by agents of the Secret Service in Cartagena, Colombia. 
At the time, it was reported that a dozen Secret Service agents engaged the services of prostitutes before a presidential visit to Colombia for the Summit of the Americas. 
have learned of the behavior of some of the agents. 
Judiciary’s Subcommittee on Crime and Senior Member of the Committee on Homeland Security, I examined the Cartagena incident, and met with thenDirector Mark Sullivan to express my concern and press for strong corrective action. 
In fact, I have engaged in persistent oversight with respect to issues involving the Secret Service, ranging from the intrusion into the White House last year to the 2009 incident in which a couple evaded security to attend a state dinner at the White House honoring the Prime Minister of India. 
Service on multiple occasions over the past several years to discuss and address performance and misconduct issues. 
ability of the agency to carry out its core mission. 
lapses by Secret Service personnel, the manager’s amendment includes a provision I developed, in cooperation with the Secret Service, that will help elevate the issue of ethical conduct at the agency through the creation of an Ethics Program Office. 
Uniform Division levels, resulting in shifts that are too long and which leave inadequate time for training. 
security breakdowns that allowed a man to climb over the White House fence, evade Secret Service officers while running across the White House lawn, and then run into the White House itself. 
The goal of H.R. 1656 is to prevent future 
such incidents—and to protect against even more sophisticated threats that could result in far more harm. 
This bill also would require that future directors of the Secret Service, after nomination by the President, be subject to Senate confirmation. 
The current Director, Joseph Clancy, appears to be doing a good job in reinvigorating that agency, and we do not propose this as a criticism of him, or the President’s selection of him, in any way. 
the directors of the other law enforcement components of the Department of Homeland Security—should be Senateconfirmed, reinforcing the need to appoint the most highly qualified candidates and elevating the position in stature. 
today, we recognize that it is unfortunately the case that the Secret Service has recently failed to live up to its high standards with respect to the protection it provides our President and others. 
By adopting the ‘‘Secret Service Improvements Act,’’ we can help restore the agency so that it will be better prepared to achieve its mission. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1656, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1634) to strengthen accountability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Border Security Technology Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
border security technology acquisition program of the Department that is determined to be a major acquisition program, the Secretary shall— 
written acquisition program baseline approved by the relevant acquisition decision authority; 
meeting cost, schedule, and performance thresholds as specified in such baseline, in compliance with relevant departmental acquisition policies and the Federal Acquisition Regulation; and 
the Under Secretary for Management, in coordination with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan for testing and evaluation, as well as the use of independent verification and validation resources, for border security technology so that new border security technologies are evaluated through a series of assessments, processes, and audits to ensure compliance with relevant departmental acquisition policies and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, as well as the effectiveness of taxpayer dollars. 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 433 the following new item: 
appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. This Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V ELA) each 
will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the Border Security Technology Accountability Act, which I introduced earlier this year. 
This bill seeks to provide the improved management of border security technology projects, safeguarding taxpayer dollars and increasing accountability for some of the Department of Homeland Security’s largest acquisition programs. 
southern Arizona are demanding better border security, and they expect us to do it through costeffective and efficient means. They know that wasting taxpayer dollars on poorly managed border technology projects does little to actually secure the border or to improve our strategy. That is why this bill is so important. 
DHS acquisition management activities on its highrisk list, demonstrating that these programs are highly susceptible to waste, fraud, abuse, or mismanagement. The Secure Border Initiative, also known as SBInet, is a prime example of acquisition mismanagement at DHS. Initial plans developed in 2005 and 2006 called for the SBInet to extend across the entire U.S.Mexico land border. However, SBInet deployment in my home State of Arizona was fraught with management problems, including a failure to adequately set requirements so the system would meet the needs of its users— our border patrol agents. After spending nearly $1 billion of the taxpayers’ money with minimal results, DHS canceled SBInet in 2011. 
DHS does not seem to be learning its lesson. The Government Accountability Office recently reported to the Committee on Homeland Security that Customs and Border Protection’s Strategic Air and Marine Plan—or StAMP—initiated in 2006, with a cost of $1.8 billion to date, still does not have an approved acquisition program baseline. This means that, despite CBP’s plans to acquire boats and aircraft through 2035, they have not yet estimated how much it would cost to operate and maintain these systems. 
StAMP are on time, on budget, and are fiscally sound if DHS fails to follow sound management procedures? 
programs to secure our borders. This bill requires that border security technology programs at the Department have an acquisition program baseline— a critical document that lays out what a program will do, what it will cost, and when it will be completed. 
The bill also requires programs to adhere to internal control standards and have a plan for testing and evaluation as well as the use of independent verification and validation resources. 
our U.S. border with Mexico, and I have spent countless hours at the border meeting with border residents and our Border Patrol. 
I know firsthand that, when our border technology project lacks the proper oversight and accountability, it is bad for the taxpayers, those who defend our border and those who live along our border. 
The Committee on Homeland Security approved my legislation by a unanimous voice vote last month. I urge all Members to join me in supporting robust, responsible secure technology along our border. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
1634, the Border Security Technology Accountability Act of 2015. 
Over the past several years, the Government Accountability Office has examined the various Department of Homeland Security programs and concluded that DHS has not followed standard best practices for acquisitions management. 
Though DHS has taken steps to improve its performance, specific deficiencies in how the Department carries out major acquisitions remain. 
falls short in terms of effectiveness or efficiency, it not only risks undermining that program, but also risks wasting limited Homeland Security dollars. 
millions of dollars on the SBInet border security program before it was ultimately canceled. No doubt, this funding could have been put to far better use along our Nation’s border. 
The Border Security Technology Accountability Act would require each of the Department’s major acquisitions for border security technology to have written documentation reflecting a baseline approved by the relevant acquisition decision authority and demonstrate that the program is meeting agreedupon cost, schedule, and performance thresholds before moving into the next phase of the acquisition cycle. 
The bill also requires the Under Secretary for Management, in coordination with the Commissioner of Customs and Border Protection, to submit to Congress a plan for testing and evaluation as well as the use of independent 
There is need for improving acquisitions management at the Department of Homeland Security as a whole, and addressing border security technology acquisitions is an important step. We owe it to the American taxpayers to make sure we are managing these investments wisely and preventing wasteful spending. 
and improve the way we invest in and manage border security technology by providing a specific framework for accountability and oversight on behalf of the American taxpayer. 
her leadership in bringing this bill forward, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
VELA, for his support and all of my colleagues on our committee for support for this bill. 
support transparency, accountability, and efficiency of vital border security technology projects. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1634, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 998) to establish the conditions under which the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish preclearance facilities, conduct preclearance operations, and provide customs services outside the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
In this Act, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. 
States Code, and subject to section 5, the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations in a foreign country to— 
before entering into an agreement with the government of a foreign country to establish U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations in such foreign country, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees the following: 
Customs and Border Protection intends to establish preclearance operations under such agreement. 
preclearance operations under such agreement, and other funding sources considered. 
preclearance operations will have on legitimate trade and travel, including potential impacts on passengers traveling to the United States. 
for the country in which such preclearance operations are to be established. 
preclearance operations will have on U.S. Customs and Border Protection domestic port of entry staffing. 
competitive, and job impacts on United States air carriers associated with establishing such preclearance operations. 
vulnerabilities associated with commencing such preclearance operations, and mitigation plans to address such potential security vulnerabilities. 
staffing model for such preclearance operations, and plans for how such positions would be filled. 
over the next five fiscal years associated with commencing such preclearance operations. 
Homeland Security determines to be necessary for Congress to comprehensively assess the appropriateness of commencing such preclearance operations. 
entering into an agreement with the government of a foreign country to establish U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations at an airport in such foreign country, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees the following: 
Homeland Security has considered alternative options to preclearance operations and has determined that such options are not the most effective means of achieving the objectives specified in section 3. 
of preclearance operations in such foreign country will not significantly increase customs processing times at United States airports. 
will be served by the establishment of preclearance operations in such foreign country. 
from U.S. Customs and Border Protection consulted publically with interested parties, including providers of commercial air service in the United States, employees of such providers, security experts, and such other parties as the Secretary determines to be appropriate, before entering into such an agreement with such foreign government. 
Customs and Border Protection shall monthly measure the average customs processing time to enter the 25 United States airports that support the highest volume of international travel (as determined by available Federal passenger data) and provide to the appropriate congressional committees such measurements. 
preclearance operations at an airport in a foreign country under this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall enter into an agreement with the government of such foreign country that delineates and requires the adoption of aviation security screening standards that are determined by the Administrator to be comparable to those of the United States. 
not enter into or renew an agreement with the government of a foreign country to establish or maintain U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations at an airport in such foreign country unless such government certifies— 
about lost and stolen passports of its citizens and nationals to INTERPOL’s Stolen and Lost Travel Document database; or 
Government such information through another comparable means of reporting. 
Act shall apply only to the establishment of preclearance operations in a foreign country 
in which no preclearance operations have been established as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V ELA) each 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mrs. MILLER from Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 998. Few issues actually have kept the CBP leadership busier over the last year than preclearance. 
stakeholders on preclearance expansion at Abu Dhabi caused a lot of consternation on Capitol Hill and certainly in the Homeland Security Committee last Congress. 
This lack of appropriate congressional coordination and notification troubled many Members as well as the affected stakeholders, specifically, the airline industry. 
will keep Congress fully abreast of future plans, especially in light of their recent announcement of the intention to expand preclearance to ten additional locations. 
This bill, we believe, sets the groundwork for greater oversight and coordination on future preclearance operations. 
I certainly want to thank Mr. MEEHANfrom Pennsylvania, who was actually a former member on the Homeland Security Committee, who raised concerns with the Department of Homeland Security preclearance operations early in the Abu Dhabi agreement process. 
very important to the success of the legislation that we are considering today, Mr. Speaker. 
where it makes sense as well as other CBP efforts to push out the border, if you will. 
security screening and trade facilitation tool since the early 1950s, actually. Of course, since 9/11, the security value of these operations has only been heightened. 
Dhabi agreement cannot be repeated. Expansion of preclearance must be done in such a way that it supports our security and does not disadvantage our domestic airlines. 
after several oversight hearings and numerous consultations with the Department, the airline industry, and Members from both parties. It is a bipartisan bill. 
preclearance operations and incorporates a series of notifications and certifications, including a justification 
that outlines the Homeland Security benefit and impact to domestic staffing and wait times of any new preclearance operations. 
As well, this bill requires that Congress be notified in the event that Department of Homeland Security modifies or changes an existing agreement at any one of the 17 existing preclearance locations. 
makes very clear the Department of Homeland Security cannot establish new locations without conducting the due diligence that we in Congress expect. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to balance security operations and economic impact here at home. 
Ways and Means Committee and his staff for working to bring this important bill to the floor. 
respect to H.R. 998, the ‘‘Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 998 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. 
this action with the mutual understanding that by forgoing consideration of H.R. 998 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such request. 
to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. 
letter regarding H.R. 998, the ‘‘Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Ways and Means will forego consideration of the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Ways and Means does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Ways and Means for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations with 180 days’ prior notification and certification to Congress that certain specified conditions exist. 
are Homeland Security benefits for establishment of the preclearance location, a U.S. air carrier service serves the location, and establishment of the location will not significantly increase customs processing wait times in the United States. 
with preclearance locations to routinely submit information about lost and stolen passports of their citizens to INTERPOL’s stolen and lost travel document database or make such information available to the U.S. through other means. 
of the shortcomings in DHS’ deployment of preclearance to Abu Dhabi last year and ensure that Congress receives appropriate notice prior to future expansion of the program to new locations. 
House under suspension of the rules in July 2014, but no action was taken by the Senate. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 998, sending it to the Senate for consideration in the 114th Congress. 
H.R. 998 will help ensure that expansion of the Department of Homeland Security’s preclearance program enhances our Nation’s security, facilitates legitimate travel to the United States, and does not disadvantage domestic air carriers or United States 
chairman of the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, for all of her efforts in bringing all these bills forward and for her strong bipartisan leadership. 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I, too, want to again indicate that these are bipartisan bills, the Homeland Security Committee bills that are coming forward on the floor. 
I really have appreciated the opportunity and look forward to continuing to work with my ranking member, Mr. VELA, shoulder to shoulder on so many 
urge my colleagues to support this very strong bipartisan piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER of Michigan) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 998, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2750) to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administration, streamline transportation security regulations, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 561 et seq.) is amended by adding after section 1601 the following new section: 
shall issue guidance for Transportation Security Inspectors to annually review airport badging office procedures for applicants seeking access to sensitive areas of airports. Such guidance shall include a comprehensive review of applicants’ Criminal History Records Check (CHRC) and work authorization documentation during the course of an inspection. 
than December 31, 2015, the Administrator may conduct a pilot program of the Rap Back Service, in coordination with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to determine the feasibility of full implementation of a service through which the Administrator would be notified of a change in status of an individual holding a valid credential granting unescorted access to sensitive areas of airports across eligible Administrationregulated populations. 
the Administrator determines that full implementation of the Rap Back Service is feasible and can be carried out in a manner that is consistent with current regulations for fingerprintbased criminal history checks, including the rights of individuals seeking credentials, the Administrator shall submit such determination, in writing, to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, together with information on the costs associated with such implementation, including the costs incurred by the private sector. In preparing this determination, the Administrator shall consult with the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer of the Department to ensure that protocols are in place to align the period of retention of personally identifiable information and biometric information, including fingerprints, in the Rap Back Service with the period in which the individual who is the subject of an inquiry has a valid credential. 
than September 30, 2015, the Administrator shall issue guidance to airports mandating that all federalized airport badging authorities place an expiration date on airport credentials commensurate with the period of time during which an individual is lawfully authorized to work in the United States. 
By not later than December 31, 2015, the Administrator shall review the denial of credentials due to issues associated with determining an applicant’s lawful status in order to identify airports with specific weaknesses and shall coordinate with such airports to mutually address such weaknesses, as appropriate. 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1601 the following new item: 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Today we will consider four bipartisan bills that address security vulnerabilities and improvements to the Transportation Security Administration. 
this subcommittee has done and will continue to do to address the issue. I would like to thank Chairman MCCAUL, 
Homeland Security Committee, as well as my colleague, Ranking Member RICE, from the Subcommittee on 
today demonstrate that, when we work together, we can get things done. I look forward to continuing to work together on these issues. 
support of H.R. 2750, the Improved Security Vetting for Aviation Workers 
of Homeland Security inspector general released a report that found a stunning 73 aviation workers that had possible ties to terrorism. 
The findings of this report were indeed alarming, and 14 years after 9/11 findings like this are simply unacceptable. 
This vital piece of bipartisan legislation will strengthen the vetting of these workers, close these security gaps, and ensure the safety and security of our Nation’s aviation system. 
found that TSA does not have access to all the data it may need to thoroughly check an aviation worker’s potential ties to terrorism. 
is that a memo was sent to the TSA Administrator noting the need for additional information and TSA has still yet to resolve this gap. 
do not match the expiration date of an employee’s credential to the expiration of their legal work authorization in the United States. 
working to resolve this issue by the end of the year, it raises serious concern that this gap exists in the first place. That is why this legislation is so critical, in order to guarantee that TSA addresses these known vulnerabilities. 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security of the Committee on Homeland Security, I have actively examined a number of alarming aspects related to TSA’s operations, policies, and procedures. Through hearings, oversight inquiries, and legislation, I have been working to get to the bottom of these issues and raise awareness of the urgent need to fix them. 
inspector general are not an anomaly. In May, the inspector general released a report that found that TSA did not have the appropriate controls in place to ensure that screening equipment has necessary maintenance work performed, an issue that Miss RICE’s bill, 
test results showing that screeners failed to detect prohibited threat items 96 percent of the time—96 percent. 
the heels of revelations earlier this year of security breaches by employees at major airports across this country involving a nationwide gun smuggling ring and an employee of the FAA bypassing security and flying with a loaded firearm using his SIDA badge, and this month, four airport workers from Dallas were arrested for exploiting their access to aircraft to smuggle what they believed to be cocaine and other drugs. 
concerning and, in the aggregate, shake public’s confidence and only further display the need for this legislation. 
thoroughly vetted due to their continuing access to sensitive areas of airports and the fact that they hold a position of trust within the transportation system. However, the findings by the inspector general and the dozens of arrests of aviation workers this year demonstrate that the status quo is not working. 
threat to combat, and while this bill will not eliminate this threat, H.R. 2750 will indeed give TSA and the airports the ability to more thoroughly vet these employees and have a better understanding of whom we are granting secured access to. 
world, the terrorist threat is metastasizing; and we, as a Nation, must remain responsive to any holes in the security of our transportation systems and ensure that protocols keep place with the everevolving threat landscape. 
workers who have access to sensitive areas of airports can help close another backdoor vulnerability at our Nation’s airports. 
MCCAUL, Ranking Member R ICE, Congresswoman M CSALLY , Congressman 
joining me as cosponsors of this bill. I urge my other colleagues to join me in supporting this critical piece of legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the Improved Security Vetting for Aviation Workers Act of 2015. 
Department of Homeland Security’s inspector general found that, although TSA’s multilayered process for vetting airport workers is generally effective, there were instances where the process did not detect airport workers with potential links to terrorism. 
In total, the inspector general identified 73 aviation workers with possible links to terrorism after running data against the socalled TIDE database, which is maintained by the National Counterterrorism Center. 
database under current interagency watch listing policies. Chairman KATKO  
introduced H.R. 2750 to rectify this situation, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bipartisan bill. 
H.R. 2750 will put TSA on a path to 
accessing terrorismrelated data in order to more effectively vet employees who work in our Nation’s airports. In addition, this bill will require TSA to conduct an annual review of the procedures for issuing security credentials to employees seeking to work in highly 
Lastly, under H.R. 2750, TSA is authorized to pilot the FBI’s Rap Back 
Service, which provides near realtime information about changes in an airport worker’s criminal history. The possibility of someone with ties to terrorism getting a job in an American airport is a very real threat, one of many that we live with every day and one that we must do everything in our power to prevent. H.R. 2750 will help neutralize that threat. I urge my colleagues to give it their full support. 
the work that we have done on the Subcommittee on Transportation Security to address this and other pressing transportation security issues within TSA in a constructive, bipartisan way. 
are considering today are a testament to that effort and to what we can accomplish when we work together to solve real problems. I hope that we will continue to make progress together, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2750. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. 
colleagues to support this strong, bipartisan piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 2750, the Improved Security Vetting for Aviation Workers Act, which directs the Transportation Security Administrator to annually review airport badging office procedures for applicants seeking access to sensitive areas of airports. 
The bill would direct the Transportation Security Administrator to coordinate with the Secretary of Homeland Security and consult with the Federal Bureau of Investigation to conduct a pilot program of the Rap Back Service in preparation for possible full implementation. 
The Administrator is further directed to determine the lawful status of aviation workers in order to identify airports with specific weaknesses. 
The Administrator will brief the House Committees on Homeland Security and Transportation and Infrastructure as well as the Senate Committees on Homeland Security and Government Affairs and Commerce, Science, and Transportation on the results of the determinations and reviews. 
This is a good step forward in support of security at our nation’s airports. 
As the Committee charged with the responsibility of improving security at our nation’s airports this forward looking bill will allow a pilot program to determine if there are better resources for assuring the security of the traveling public. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2750, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2770) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require certain maintenance of securityrelated technology at airports, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Keeping our 
is essential to ensuring and extending the service lives of securityrelated technology. 
the Department of Homeland Security, reporting on the results of a performance audit conducted between December 2013 and November 2014, concluded that because the Transportation Security Administration did not properly manage the maintenance of its securityrelated technology deployed to airports, it cannot be assured that routine preventive maintenance is performed or that equipment is repaired and ready for operational use. 
found that the Transportation Security Administration did not issue adequate policies and procedures to document, track, and maintain preventive maintenance actions at the airport level and oversight of contractor performed maintenance needed to be strengthened. 
the equipment is not fully operational, the Transportation Security Administration may have to use other screening measures that may be less effective at detecting dangerous items, thereby potentially jeopardizing passenger safety and security. 
after the date of the enactment of this subtitle, the Administrator shall develop and 
implement a preventive maintenance validation process for securityrelated technology deployed to airports. 
equipment maintenance technicians, and other personnel at airports specifying how to conduct and document preventive maintenance actions. 
Administrator shall require maintenance contracts for securityrelated technology deployed to airports to include penalties for noncompliance when it is determined that either preventive or corrective maintenance has not been completed according to contractual requirements and manufacturers’ specifications.’’. 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1616 the following: 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall assess implementation of the requirements under this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and provide findings and recommendations with respect to the provision of training to Administration personnel, equipment maintenance technicians, and other personnel under section 1621 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by section 3 of this Act) and the availability and utilization of equipment maintenance technicians employed by the Administration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2770, the Keeping Our Travelers Safe and Secure Act, sponsored by my colleague, Miss RICE. This legislation 
will strengthen TSA’s management of its screening equipment maintenance contracts and related maintenance activities. 
The Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General released a report in May that found that TSA is not properly managing the maintenance of its critical airport screening equipment. Because TSA does not adequately oversee this equipment, it cannot be assured that the routine preventive maintenance is performed or that equipment is repaired and ready for operational use. 
This bill codifies the three recommendations made by the IG, all of which TSA concurred with. I am pleased to join Miss RICE; Mr. T HOMP SON; my fellow New York delegation 
members Mr. K ING, Mr. D ONOVAN , and 
Mr. H IGGINS ; along with Mr. P AYNE ; 
Mr. K EATING ; and Mr. R ICHMOND as cosponsors of this important legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 2770, the Keeping Our Travelers Safe and Secure Act. 
Mr. Speaker, last May, the Department of Homeland Security inspector general released a report with a blunt and revealing title: ‘‘The Transportation Security Administration Does 
Not Properly Manage Its Airport Screening Equipment Maintenance Program.’’ 
strict policies and procedures for maintaining critical screening technology, including xray machines and explosive detection equipment. The consequences of this deficiency could be severe. 
First, as the inspector general’s report noted, the lack of regular maintenance reduces the life of screening equipment, which means TSA would have to incur the cost of new equipment. That is a problem for American taxpayers. 
Even more importantly, the inspector general also noted that, if screening equipment becomes less than fully operational, TSA will be forced to rely on alternative screening measures that may not be as effective at detecting dangerous items. That creates serious risks for passengers, risks that we can and must eliminate. 
particularly threats to our commercial aviation sector, we cannot afford to be complacent about maintaining screening equipment. 
180 days of enactment, to develop and implement a comprehensive preventive 
maintenance validation process. This process must include strict maintenance schedules, clear guidance for TSA personnel and contractors on how to conduct and document maintenance actions, mechanisms to ensure compliance, and penalties for noncompliance. 
This is a threat that we can neutralize. I urge my colleagues to do so by supporting this bipartisan legislation. 
to thank members of the Committee on Homeland Security for supporting this legislation. There was truly a constructive bipartisan effort to make this legislation what it is today, and because of it, the commercial aviation sector will be more secure. 
to support this legislation. I thank Chairman KATKO for his support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
colleagues to support this strong, bipartisan piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support to H.R. 2770, the ‘‘Keeping Our Travelers Safe and Secure Act of 2015’’, which would amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require improvements in the maintenance of securityrelated technology located at airports. 
outline specific requirements and procedures that the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) must follow in maintaining securityrelated technology deployed at airports. 
be implemented in this bill in light of the Homeland Security Department’s Inspector General Examination of the Transportation Security Administration’s (TSA’s) airport screening equipment maintenance program, which determined that adequate policies and procedures had not been implemented. 
Homeland Security Committee and former chair of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, I strongly support measures to improve aviation security. 
concerns in the security technologies maintenance processes of our airports. 
The report said that TSA did not have sufficient policies to oversee whether routine preventative maintenance was accomplished. 
nearly 40 million passengers traveled through Bush International Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled through William P. Hobby (HOU). 
This makes my city one of the busiest traveled cities in the country, and as TSA is the first line of defense in safeguarding transportation throughout the nation, we as a Congress should make sure we do all we can to support their needs. 
steps in the upkeep of TSA equipment are not overlooked any more, as the agency must provide a monthly preventive maintenance schedule to appropriate airport personnel, streamlining the communication process amongst contractors and the airports themselves. 
Also, this bill requires that the TSA must impose penalties for noncompliance when preventative and/or corrective maintenance does not meet contractual requirements or manufacturer specifications. 
and tools needed by the TSA to ensure the safety of the millions that travel through our nation’s airports. 
and Secure Act of 2015’’ is a positive step forward in handling the issues raised by the Inspector General’s report on our country’s airports security systems. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in voting in 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2770, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2843) to require certain improvements in the Transportation Security Administration’s PreCheck expedited screening program, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall publish PreCheck application enrollment standards to add multiple private sector application capabilities for the TSA PreCheck program to increase the public’s enrollment access to such program, including standards that allow the use of secure technologies, including online enrollment, kiosks, tablets, or staffed laptop stations at which individuals can apply for entry into such program. 
deploy TSAapproved readytomarket private sector solutions that meet the TSA 
enroll in the PreCheck program and has started an application with a single identification verification at one location will be able to save such individual’s application on any kiosk, personal computer, mobile device, or other mobile enrollment platform and be able to return within a reasonable time to submit a second identification verification; and 
using a private sector risk assessment instead of a fingerprintbased criminal history records check is determined, by the Secretary of Homeland Security, to be equivalent to a fingerprintbased criminal history records check conducted through the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
timeframe, for approving private sector marketing of the TSA PreCheck program; and 
PreCheck fees collected in excess of the costs of administering such program, including recommendations for using such amounts to support marketing of such program under this subsection. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall— 
advanced biometrics and standards comparable with National Institute of Standards and Technology standards to facilitate enrollment in such program. 
lanes are open and available during peak and highvolume travel times at airports to individuals enrolled in the PreCheck program; and 
screening lanes are closed to individuals enrolled in such program in order to maintain operational efficiency. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall initiate an assessment of the security vulnerabilities in the vetting process for the PreCheck program that includes an evaluation of whether subjecting PreCheck participants to recurrent fingerprintbased criminal history records checks, in addition to recurrent checks against the terrorist watchlist, could be done in a costeffective manner to strengthen the security of the PreCheck program. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 2843, the TSA PreCheck Expansion Act. This piece of legislation serves as an important driving force to advance riskbased security and better secure our Nation’s aviation sector. 
grants expedited security screening to passengers at airports nationwide, has been an incredibly popular tool used by the Agency to improve the traveling public’s airport screening experience, while moving away from a onesize fitsall approach to security screening by identifying trusted travelers. 
ability to deploy our resources on those passengers whom we have not thoroughly vetted. However, the effectiveness and integrity of this program depends on TSA’s ability to better market this program and increase passenger enrollment. 
As the Agency has become overly dependent on alternate methods of expedited screening, such as managed inclusion, a problem addressed by Ranking Member THOMPSON ’s bill, which I cosponsored, H.R. 2127, TSA has become ineffective in prioritizing enrollment and partnering with the private sector. 
the private sector will be able to assist TSA in driving continued enrollment in PreCheck. That being said, it is important that any expansion of the PreCheck program be conducted in a secure and responsible manner, which ensures the public’s security and privacy. 
the private sector to find technological solutions for expanding enrollment in PreCheck and requires the Agency to develop a comprehensive marketing strategy for PreCheck. 
that the Administrator coordinate with other Department of Homeland Security components to leverage existing data and technologies while also encouraging TSA to develop alternative recurrent vetting capabilities for those enrolled in PreCheck in order to maintain the program’s security effectiveness. 
passengers. By expanding known traveler programs such as PreCheck, we can ensure that TSA is focusing its resources on those passengers who are unknown and therefore pose a greater risk. 
joining me as cosponsors of this important piece of legislation. I urge my other colleagues to do the same, and I look forward to continuing our efforts to expand PreCheck in a secure and effective manner. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
establishment of a trusted passenger program, TSA announced its PreCheck pilot program in 2011. Initially, PreCheck participants were frequent flyers of major airlines, Active Duty military members, and participants in other Department of Homeland Security known traveler programs. 
Over the past 4 years, PreCheck participation has expanded significantly and now encompasses over 1 million Americans who submitted biographic and biometric information and paid a fee to participate in the program. 
reached the milestone of enrolling 1 million people, there are 650 million people who fly in the U.S. every year, and we must keep working to bring more of them into the program. 
for passengers and for airport security. Passengers get the benefit of expedited screening, and we get the benefit of an expanded universe of passengers who have undergone extensive vetting and are known to be low risk, and that allows TSA to focus its limited resources on passengers who are unknown and may be higher risk. 
We can expand PreCheck participation by streamlining the enrollment process to make it more convenient and more accessible. H.R. 2843 seeks to do just that by requiring enrollment standards to include secure technologies such as kiosks and tablets that can collect biographic and biometric information. 
to more aggressively market the PreCheck program. Getting the word out about the merits of PreCheck is vital to ensuring that the program continues to grow. 
progress, this bill requires that TSA report any fees in excess of administration costs. 
private sector to work together with the Federal Government to expand PreCheck participation, and this partnership will continue to push the program in the right direction. 
bipartisan legislation, Mr. Speaker, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
more speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I support this commonsense legislation, and I congratulate my partner on the Transportation Security Subcommittee, Chairman KATKO , for authoring it. 
2843, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
colleagues to support this strong, bipartisan piece of legislation. Miss RICE 
is absolutely correct: it is common sense. It is common sense that a program that has been with TSA for a while now and that has not been expanded on by TSA despite its popularity and it is common sense with respect to riskbased security that this should be passed. I urge passage of it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2843, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2127) to direct the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration to limit access to expedited airport security screening at an airport security checkpoint to participants of the PreCheck program and other known lowrisk passengers, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2127 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing Expedited Screening Act’’. 
Security Administration opened the PreCheck program to eligible passengers who submit biographic and biometric information for a security risk assessment. 
provided to passengers who, in general, are members of populations identified by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration as presenting a low risk to aviation security, including members of populations known and vetted by the Administrator or through another Department of Homeland Security trusted traveler program, and to passengers who are selected by expedited screening on a casebycase basis through the Transportation Security Administration’s Managed Inclusion process and other procedures. 
of the Department of Homeland Security released a report entitled ‘‘Allegation of Granting Expedited Screening through TSA PreCheck Improperly’’, in which the Inspector General determined that the Transportation Security Administration granted expedited security screening at a PreCheck security lane to a passenger who had served time in prison for felonies committed as a member of a domestic terrorist group and who was not a participant in the PreCheck program. 
biographic and biometric information for a security risk assessment and whose application for the PreCheck program has been approved, or a passenger who is a participant in another trusted or registered traveler program of the Department of Homeland Security. 
submit biographic and biometric information for a security risk assessment but is a member of a population designated by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration as known and lowrisk and who may be issued a unique, known traveler number by the Administrator determining that such passenger is a member of a category of travelers designated by the Administrator as known and lowrisk. 
of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the percentage of all passengers who are provided expedited security screening, and of such passengers so provided, the percentage who are participants in the PreCheck program (who have voluntarily submitted biographic and biometric information for security risk assessments), the percentage who are participants in another trusted traveler program of the Department of Homeland Security, the percentage who are participants in the PreCheck program due to the Administrator’s issuance of known traveler numbers, and for the remaining percentage of passengers granted access to expedited security screening in PreCheck security lanes, information on the percentages attributable to each alternative method utilized by the Transportation Security Administration to direct passengers to expedited airport security screening at PreCheck security lanes. 
the Transportation Administration to reduce or limit the availability of expedited security screening at an airport; or 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 2127, the Securing Expedited Screening Act. This important piece of legislation directs TSA to suspend the use of alternative methods for granting passengers access to PreCheck expedited screening unless the agency can prove the security effectiveness of such methods. 
expedited screening be limited to passengers who have successfully enrolled in the PreCheck program or who are eligible for PreCheck by being part of an 
conduct a ‘‘realtime’’ threat assessment to identify passengers who are eligible for TSA PreCheck on a flightby flight basis through the use of already present layers of security at the airports. However, travelers who experience expedited screening through Managed Inclusion are not subject to a criminal history background check, have not paid for TSA PreCheck—unlike other passengers—are often unaware of the reason they are receiving expedited screening, and are generally not encouraged to enroll in TSA PreCheck during the experience. 
reduce wait times and increase utilization of TSA PreCheck lanes, it has not been tested or proven to improve the experience of travelers or, more importantly, reduce the security risks to aviation. 
through the TSA PreCheck enrollment process and pay $85 for expedited screening are not seeing the benefits that were promised to them. This is because passengers who did not enroll, have not submitted to a background check, and are unfamiliar with TSA PreCheck are being ushered into those expedited screening lanes. 
This bill, along with a piece of legislation that I introduced, H.R. 2843, the TSA PreCheck Expansion Act, will ensure that we are providing expedited screening in a manner that is both deliberate and secure, and that we are expanding the known traveler population so that we can focus our resources on unknown travelers. 
I am very pleased to join my colleagues Mr. THOMPSON and Miss R ICEas 
a cosponsor of this important legislation. I urge my other colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2127, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
The Transportation Security Administration is charged with the great responsibility of keeping commercial aviation passengers safe and keeping criminals, terrorists, and dangerous objects off of flights. They do so using limited resources, relying on a risk based approach that focuses those resources on the passengers about whom we know the least. The PreCheck program is a key element of this approach, 
granting expedited screening to trusted or ‘‘known’’ passengers who have undergone an extensive vetting process. 
PreCheck program, it was also granting expedited screening to other supposedly ‘‘lowrisk’’ passengers through the Managed Inclusion process—passengers who hadn’t gone through the PreCheck application process, hadn’t been vetted, and were not known to be low risk. 
both the Department of Homeland Security inspector general and the Government Accountability Office have detailed the security risks created by the Managed Inclusion process. We must take action to eliminate this vulnerability, and we can do so by passing H.R. 2127. 
Ranking Member THOMPSON ’s bipartisan legislation will require TSA to limit expedited screening to the population for which it was intended: those travelers who have been vetted and are known to be low risk. 
and me in supporting this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
more speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
thank Members for supporting this legislation. H.R. 2127 will eliminate a significant gap in our aviation security and ensure that each passenger who boards a commercial flight receives the appropriate level of screening. 
I urge all my colleagues to join us in 
supporting this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
colleagues to support this strong, bipartisan piece of legislation. 
and H.R. 2127, this bill, work side by side with each other, and it is a good example of the bipartisan nature which permeates this committee. One bill deals with the expansion of PreCheck; the other one deals with the constriction on the other side of PreCheck, and that is the Managed Inclusion, which none of us think is a good idea, long term, for security purposes. 
I am proud to be part of this legislation. I am proud of the bipartisan work we are doing on this committee, and I look forward to much more production moving forward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2127, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1300) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act’’. 
Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
tracking systems to facilitate making such vaccines so available; 
risk analysis and risk assessments of the threats posed by anthrax from an act of terror; 
analytical support on threats posed by anthrax to State, local, and tribal authorities, as well as other national biosecurity and biodefense stakeholders.’’. 
program under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall select emergency response providers based in at least two States for participation in the pilot program. 
Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide to each emergency response provider who participates in the pilot program under this subsection disclosures and educational materials regarding the associated benefits and risks of any vaccine provided under the pilot program and of exposure to anthrax. 
Secretary of Homeland Security shall begin implementing the pilot program under this subsection by not later than the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KING) and the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act, which I introduced along with my good friend and colleague from New Jersey, BILLPASCRELL . This 
important, bipartisan legislation will ensure that emergency response providers have access to preevent anthrax vaccines. 
capability to a widearea anthrax attack would be greatly enhanced by having prevaccinated responders able to deploy immediately and confidently, knowing that they have been afforded as much protection as possible. 
establishes a preevent anthrax vaccination program to provide surplus anthrax vaccines from the Strategic National Stockpile to emergency response providers on a voluntary basis. In advance of the full vaccination program, the bill directs the Secretary of DHS to carry out a pilot program. Both the preevent vaccination program and the pilot program are required to have robust communication, education, and training for program participants. 
progress of the pilot and directs the Department of Homeland Security to conduct risk assessments regarding anthrax terror attacks and to share threat information with State and local law enforcement. 
for over 3 years on establishing a preevent vaccination effort for first responders, but the project has been continually stalled. I am encouraged that DHS has hired a vaccination expert from the Department of Defense to take over the effort, and I believe that the mandates in this legislation will ensure that the pilot program moves forward. 
Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications for their leadership on this issue and their work to advance this bill to the floor. I also want to thank Homeland Security Committee staff Kerry Kinirons, Kate Nichols, and Rosanna Muno. 
his staff at Energy and Commerce, Carly McWilliams and Karen Christian, for working with us on this bill. This bill is a great example of how committees can and should work together to advance commonsense legislation and not get involved in turf battles. 
UPTON on H.R. 1300 in the R ECORD . 
and is supported by the International Association of Fire Chiefs, the International Association of EMS Chiefs, and the Alliance for Biosecurity. 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill, which will help to ‘‘protect our protectors,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. 
to H.R. 1300, First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act, which was ordered to be reported by the Committee on Homeland Security on May 20, 2015. As you are aware, the bill also was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo action on H.R. 1300 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 1300 and requests your support when such a request is made. 
I would appreciate your response confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1300 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. 
your letter regarding H.R. 1300, the ‘‘First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forego consideration of the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Energy and Commerce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Energy and Commerce for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 1300, the First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by commending my colleague from New York, my good friend, Mr. KING, for working 
to make sure we are prepared to respond to an event involving a weapon of mass destruction. 
Mr. P ASCRELL have partnered to improve our ability to prevent, prepare for, and respond to WMD incidents; and I am pleased to be here today to help advance part of that agenda. 
As the Capitol Hill community witnessed just over a decade ago, even a relatively smallscale anthrax attack can be devastating. An anthrax attack on a larger scale would not only result in more sick people, but would also demand a larger response effort that 
our WMD policies at the national level, it is important to remember that the initial response to an anthrax event is local. We have an obligation to make sure that those who are called upon to respond to an anthrax attack can do so without jeopardizing their own health in the process. 
As a member of the Emergency Preparedness Subcommittee, I have heard from emergency responders about what they need to effectively respond to an anthrax attack. 
first responders in my own district, and what I have heard repeatedly is that first responders need access to preevent vaccinations so that, if and when the time comes, they can respond swiftly without fear for their own health. 
will rely on in the event of a WMD incident, the men and women we will call on to risk their lives, as they do every day; and they deserve every layer of protection we can provide. 
of Homeland Security to establish a program to provide surplus anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials to emergency response providers, on a voluntary basis, before an attack occurs. 
the International Association of Fire Chiefs, the International Association of Emergency Medical Services Chiefs, and the Alliance for Biosecurity. 
long overdue, and I want to thank Mr. KINGand Mr. P ASCRELL for their leadership in working to make it a reality. 
First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). 
to say to my brother, P ETER KING, we 
wouldn’t be here except for you. We have talked about this thing for 10 years; more than that, PETER , through 
the chair, and we have insisted. I am proud to introduce this legislation with my friend, Congressman KING. 
have access to stockpiled vaccines so that they can respond quickly and confidently in the event of a biological threat. 
the grave danger that anthrax poses and the need for an effective response— a strategy—when live anthrax was mistakenly shipped to dozens of labs all over the place. 
Mr. Speaker. Some of us remember when anthrax was mailed to some of our colleagues’ offices in 2001. Several staffers were impacted. We shut down 
to decontaminate it. Packages were sent to other locations. Twentytwo Americans were infected; 5 were killed, and here we are, 14 years later. 
and I have been fighting to develop a comprehensive national strategy to counter the grave threat that weapons of mass destruction pose to our Nation. 
According to the former chief medical officer and assistant secretary of the Office of Health Affairs at the Department of Homeland Security, Alexander Garza: 
A successful anthrax attack could potentially expose hundreds of thousands of people, cause illness, death, panic, economic losses . . . making this a weapon of mass disruption as well as destruction. 
expand our national response capability by administering surpluses and expiring anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials to emergency first responders on a voluntary basis. 
from the Strategic National Stockpile available to emergency first responders provides a costeffective solution. 
It is important that we pass this legislation. I want to thank all of those who made it possible to get here today; and hopefully, in a few weeks, when we get back, we will have a big WMD legislation on this floor. 
has no further speakers, I am prepared to close after she closes. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
to protect the men and women we call on to protect the public when disaster strikes. H.R. 1300 is commonsense legislation. It will provide emergency responders with anthrax vaccines from the Strategic National Stockpile that are approaching their expiration. 
Certainly, our hope is that our emergency responders will never have to respond to an anthrax attack, but they deserve to know that, if that call ever does come, they can respond without fear for their own safety. 
Once again, I would like to congratulate my colleagues from New York and New Jersey on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
I once again urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. Let me emphasize the bipartisan nature of it. 
the start. He referenced the anthrax attacks here in the Capitol back in 2001. None of us who was here at that time will ever, ever forget that. That should have been a wakeup call then. Unfortunately, not enough action was taken. Now, finally, after all these years, we are taking this first major step. I want to thank BILLPASCRELL for 
being there. I want to thank Miss R ICE 
for the whole tone of the debate here this afternoon. 
HOLDING ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KING) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1300, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2206) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require recipients of State Homeland Security Grant Program funding to preserve and strengthen interoperable emergency 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State Wide 
Interoperable Communications Enhancement Act’’ or the ‘‘SWIC Enhancement Act’’. 
the State has designated a Statewide Interoperability Coordinator, including identification in such certification of the individual so designated, who shall be responsible for— 
and communications projects and grant applications for such projects; 
‘‘(III) establishing and maintaining working groups to develop and implement key interoperability initiatives; and 
‘‘(IV) coordinating and updating, as necessary, a Statewide Communications Interoperability Plan that specifies the current status of State efforts to enhance communications interoperability within the State, including progress, modifications, or setbacks, and future goals for communications interoperability among emergency response agencies in the State; or 
an individual who has been designated by the State as the primary point of contact for performance of such functions;’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KING) and the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
outset, it is great to have two New Yorkers running a debate. It doesn’t happen often that we run the House; so, KATHLEEN , let’s take advantage of it 
while we can. Any motions you can think of we can make? 
support of H.R. 2206, the State Wide Interoperable Communications Enhancement Act, which was introduced by the ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ). This bill recognizes the important role played by Statewide Interoperability Coordinators, SWICs. 
We have all witnessed the communications failures during the response to the September 11 terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina. Interoperability is vital during disaster response. 
$5 billion in grant funding to enhance communications capability over the past 10 years, interoperability remains a challenge. To address this challenge, States have appointed SWICs to ensure emergency response providers in their States have the ability to communicate. 
SWICs complete Statewide Interoperable Communications Plans, ensure grant investments are coordinated statewide, and oversee communications projects. Many SWICs also serve as the State point of contact to FirstNet for the design and construction of the Public Safety Broadband Network. 
H.R. 2206 requires Governors to certify, as part of their applications for 
State Homeland Security grant programs, that they have designated a person to serve as the SWIC or, if not, that the functions of a SWIC are being carried out in another manner. 
The Committee on Homeland Security approved H.R. 2206 in May by a bipartisan voice vote. I urge Members to join me in supporting this bill. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 2206, the State Wide Interoperable Communications Enhancement Act. 
be here with my colleague and friend from New York. This legislation, introduced by Congressman DONALD PAYNE , 
will help prevent Federal grant dollars from being spent on communications equipment that will not advance the goal of interoperability. 
After the September 11 attack, interoperable communications failures were identified as a factor that complicated first responders’ efforts. In the immediate aftermath, Congress appropriated millions of dollars in grant funds to address national response capability gaps, including interoperable communications. 
were invested on interoperable communications equipment before State and local governments had developed the strategies, plans, and governance structures to ensure that the investments would actually advance their interoperability goals. 
Nearly 10 years ago, when interoperability challenges plagued the Hurricane Katrina response, one of the major takeaways was that spending millions of dollars on the interoperability problem does not yield results unless there are mechanisms in place for coordination. 
Congress, in 2006, authorized the creation of the Office of Emergency Communications within the Department of Homeland Security and tasked the office with developing a National Emergency Communications Plan. 
2008, set as a milestone for every State the designation of a fulltime Statewide Interoperability Coordinator. This was a major recommendation from first responders across the Nation. 
States initially met the goal of appointing fulltime SWICs, and we saw the benefits firsthand during the response to the Boston Marathon bombings. 
to that day, the Massachusetts SWIC had engaged in significant planning activities and had coordinated with organizations at the Federal, State, and local levels to exercise the emergency communications capabilities. 
of the emergency communications systems, lives were saved that day in Boston. Due to recent budgetary pressures, 
however, the number of States that maintain dedicated fulltime SWICs has dwindled. SWICs are charged with overseeing the daily operation of the State’s interoperability efforts, coordinating interoperability and communications projects, maintaining governance structures, and implementing Statewide Communications Interoperability Plans. 
H.R. 2206 seeks to maintain the governance structures and coordination activities that have helped guide interoperable communications investments since Hurricane Katrina. 
Nationwide, over $13 billion of Federal money has been spent on developing robust interoperable communications capabilities, and the goal still has not been achieved. 
cannot fall backwards by losing the governance and coordination that ensures we are making sound investments in emergency communications. 
some way, are overseeing emergency communications investments to ensure that the systems are interoperable. 
On behalf of the Emergency Preparedness Subcommittee Ranking Member PAYNE , I would like to thank 
for supporting this measure and for helping to bring it to the floor today. 
supporting H.R. 2206, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the progress we have made toward achieving nationwide interoperable emergency communications and prevent money from being wasted on investments that will not advance that goal. 
SWICs play a critical role in coordinating emergency communications investments and policies at the State level, and it is important that this work continue. 
important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
I want to commend Ranking Member PAYNE and Chairman M ARTHA  
I, again, urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2206, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
strong support of H.R. 2206, the State Wide Interoperable Communications Enhancement Act, which would establish a grant program to preserve and strengthen interoperable emergency communications capabilities for local and state first responders. 
The bill requires a state to include in its application for State Homeland Security Grant Program funding a certification: That the governor of the state has designated a Statewide Interoperability Coordinator; or 
functions of such a Coordinator in another manner and identifying the primary point of contact for performance of such functions. 
Coordinating state interoperability and communications projects and grant applications for such projects; 
Communications Interoperability Plan that specifies the current status of state efforts to enhance communications interoperability within the state, including future goals for communications interoperability among emergency response agencies in the state. 
The bill would formalize the role of the State 
Wide Interoperability Coordinator to ensure that there was a single point of contact in each state. 
point of contact for Statewide interoperability for state and local first responders; Second, the legislation is necessary to create a seamless level of communication between the Department of Homeland Security and states to ensure that communications regarding terrorist attacks, natural or manmade disasters are managed appropriately. 
As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I am well aware, as are many of my colleagues, of the essential and lifesaving role of communications during a crisis. 
2001, was compounded by communication failures among the brave first responders who entered the burning towers that comprised the World Trade Center it has been an imperative of the Homeland Security Committee to address first responder communication interoperability challenges. 
single day was the greatest loss of first responders at any single event in U.S. History: 343 New York City Fire Department firefighters; 23 New York City Police Department Officers; 37 Port Authority Police Department officers, 15 EMTs and 3 court officers were casualties of the attacks. 
The need for this bill authored by Congressman PAYNE is evident. 
square mile region in Southeast Texas. It has a nighttime population of nearly two million people, which peaks with over three million daytime inhabitants. 
Center manages nearly 9,000 emergency calls per day. The volume of emergency calls can easily double during times of inclement weather or special City social/sporting events like Hurricanes Ike in September 2008; and Katrina as well as Rita, which occurred in September and October of 2005. 
There are over 200,000 EMS incidents involving over 225,000 patients or potential patients annually. On the average, EMS responds to a citizen every 3 minutes. Each 
EMS response is made by one of 88 City of 
In 2013, the City of Houston’s fire Department lost Captain EMT Matthew Renaud, Engineer Operator EMT Robert Bebee, Firefighter EMT Robert Garner and Probationary Firefighter Anne Sullivan when they responded to a hotel fire. 
Each member of the House of Representatives knows of the loss of a first responder who was going to the aid of those in harm’s way.This bill will offer additional resources to the first responders of the Department of Homeland Security. 
This bill will ensure that a critical communication element for our nation’s first responders and the role of the Department of Homeland Security in providing them with support is addressed. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KING) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2499) to amend the Small Business Act to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION ’’ under title V of division E of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235; 128 Stat. 2371) is amended by striking ‘‘$18,750,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$23,500,000,000’’. 
2015, the Administrator may not guarantee a loan under this subsection if the lender determines that the borrower is unable to obtain credit elsewhere solely because the liquidity of the lender depends upon the guaranteed portion of the loan being sold on the secondary market.’’; and 
after October 1, 2015, the Administrator may not guarantee a loan under this subsection if the 
sole purpose for requesting the guarantee is to allow the lender to exceed the legal lending limit of the lender.’’. 
Administrator approves a proposed business loan, but the prospective borrower determines not to take the business loan; and 
loans’’ means the difference between the total dollar amount of business loans and the total dollar amount of cancellations. 
is submitted and the 3 fiscal years before such fiscal year— 
business loans, in dollar amount and as a percentage; and 
(ii) estimates of the date on which the net dollar amount of business loans will reach the maximum for such business loans based on daily net lending volume and extrapolations based on year to date net lending volume, quarterly net lending volume, and quarterly growth trends; 
early default during the quarter covered by the report, as of the time of purchase of the guarantee; 
by the Administrator during the quarter covered by the report; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their legislative remarks and include extraneous materials in the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Chamber overwhelmingly passed H.R. 2499. This legislation provides greater assistance to our veteran entrepreneurs by making Small Business Administration, SBA, loans more affordable for veterans. 
Despite a significant increase in demand over the past several months, Congress was not notified until June 25 that the program was dangerously close to its authorized lending authority of $18.75 billion and might surpass it prior to the end of the fiscal year. 
makes it difficult for Congress to act. Yet, Congress is acting swiftly to help America’s small businesses, businesses that no longer could get SBAguaranteed loans as of noon on July 23, when the SBA reached its authorized limit. 
the other body for working quickly to resolve this matter and offering an amendment to H.R. 2499, the veterans bill. 
SBA will have sufficient authority to guarantee loans through the end of the fiscal year. This increase comes at no cost to the taxpayer. Let me repeat that. At no cost to the taxpayer. 
Further, this amendment also ensures that, from now on, Congress will be informed on a regular basis about the status of a loan program and lending authority limits. 
address the situation in a timelier manner and inquire of the SBA what steps it might use administratively to ameliorate a situation in which the agency might exceed its lending authorization level. 
not repeat the experience of the previous 2 years, where Congress at the eleventh hour had to scramble for a solution because it wasn’t notified by the SBA of its problem until the last minute. 
that needs to be corrected today. Between noon and 2:30 on July 23, the 
totaling $220 million waiting in the queue. These are small firms who need the money in hand now to grow their companies and create jobs. 
that this legislation would not have come together without extraordinary bipartisan, bicameral efforts. 
I would like to thank Senator VITTER, the chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, for his leadership on this issue. 
few weeks to develop a solution that would be acceptable to the Senate and to the House. 
RISCH, SHAHEEN , PETERS , and C OONS , 
would be remiss if I did not mention the efforts of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CRENSHAW ), who will be speaking here soon, and the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ) and their expertise and assistance in resolving this matter. 
thanks to our committee’s ranking member, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), for her insight 
were extremely helpful in bringing this matter to a resolution and are to be commended for helping to craft a strong, bipartisan product, which is what we are dealing with here today. 
Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 2499, as amended, by the Senate. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
faced economic headwinds, but was able to break through and strengthen considerably. 
have been created, the stock market has come roaring back, and optimism in the small business sector has returned to prerecession levels. As we all know, small businesses are 
the driving force in our Nation’s economy, creating two out of three new jobs and producing roughly 50 percent of our GDP. In order to fulfill that role, they need capital. 
Due to this unexpected robust lending activity, SBA learned it will reach its $18.75 billion lending cap before the end of the year, cutting off thousands of borrowers. 
he talks about the issue of SBA not notifying Congress in the proper time. 
raise the cap to $23.5 billion, giving SBA over $4 billion in additional authority to provide capital to deserving small businesses. Unfortunately, the cap was reached on Thursday before we could get that bill to the floor. 
raise the lending cap to $23.5 billion. It will mean a significant capital infusion into the economy. 
again, small companies will have more resources to expand their facilities, reinvest in their operations, and create jobs. 
When a small manufacturer can access these loans, they can build additional warehouse space, creating both shortterm and longterm employment opportunities. 
this capital to pay vendors, freeing up funding to keep employees on their payrolls, and potentially hire more workers. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CRENSHAW ), who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government of the Committee on Appropriations. 
Mr. CRENSHAW. I thank the gentleman for yielding the time. 
this is legislation that is the result of the hard work of the Small Business Committee here in the House, the Appropriations Committee here in the House, along with the United States Senate. What this does, as has been pointed 
And as chairman of the subcommittee that oversees and funds this 
program, the SBA, let me assure my colleagues that this will not require any additional appropriations this year. 
been pointed out, let this continue on, and, again, do the good job that the SBA does. 
this. I thank everyone involved that has worked in such a timely manner to make this happen so quickly so that we don’t interrupt the lending that goes on. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). 
today in support of H.R. 2499, the Veterans Entrepreneurship Act of 2015. 
SBA guaranteed more than 2,000 loans to Michigan small businesses, for more than $600 million. This was an increase of 17 percent over the previous fiscal year. 
continues to show strong success, with loan volume up 20 percent this year over last year. 
Unfortunately, the lending cap established in the 2015 omnibus appropriations bills of about $18 billion was reached last week. 
loan programs needed for small American businesses have been stalled, putting America’s entrepreneurs at a serious financial risk. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of this 
the ranking member for their leadership on this issue. I strongly urge my 
time I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. TAKAI), the ranking member on the Contracting and Workforce Subcommittee. 
I would like to thank Chairman CHABOT and Ranking Member 
asking to bring this legislation to the floor to raise this limit before Congress goes on its August work period break. 
While I am thankful that we are finally doing this, it only speaks to the pattern of inaction that has plagued us here in Congress. Right now, because of this inaction, small businesses across the country are facing the uncertainty of where their next loan will come from. 
working capital and other critical needs to small businesses, and the SBA provides a backstop by guaranteeing this loan in case the borrower defaults. 
I came to Congress assuring my constituents that we would break this pattern of crisis and do our jobs. This shouldn’t be a lastminute issue. Let’s be sure our small businesses have the resources they need to continue being the engine of our economy. 
is slowly but surely on the mend. The Federal Reserve reports banks are 
lending authority will ensure creditworthy firms will continue to have access to low cost capital for the rest of the fiscal year. 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
myself such time as I may consume to close. 
the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), our ranking member on 
the Small Business Committee, for her cooperation and her hard work in making sure that we resolve this sticky issue and that small businesses across the country who need access to capital will get that access. So I definitely want to make sure that it is recognized that we have been working on this in a bipartisan and cooperative effort. 
I would also note that there are reforms in this bill so that the SBA has to bring notice to Congress to let us know up front next time and not wait until the eleventh hour to notify Congress that they are in trouble. Hopefully, this will resolve this so that we don’t see this in the future, that we will get notification on a fairly regular basis and not put the elected representatives of the American people in this kind of dilemma where we have to act at the last minute and that we basically put small businesses all across the country in jeopardy of not having access to loans. 
along with the veterans bill, which, in essence, waived the fee that they would have had to pay so that veterans have access to loans that they need to grow a business or to create businesses since they have worn the uniform of our country, we certainly need to do everything we can to help them, and this bill does that as well. 
and others, this does not cost the taxpayers any additional dollars because the money for this is generated from the fees of those who take advantage of the program, so it is a winwin all around. 
I urge my colleagues to vote to concur on the Senate amendment to H.R. 2499, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) 
that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 2499. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) at 6 o’clock 
today with a heavy heart in the aftermath of a terrible and horrific act of violence that killed two innocent victims and injured nine others in my hometown of Lafayette, Louisiana, last Thursday night. 
for its joie de vivre. We work together. We play hard together. It is a great community, closeknit, and has been recognized as the happiest city in America by an organization. 
was shaken to the core as a man, a lone gunman, opened fire at the Grand Theatre on Johnston Street, killing Jillian Johnson, a 31yearold musician, local artist, and local businesswoman, and Mayci Breaux, 21, a radiology student. Nine others were injured in this attack; senseless, horrible violence. 
It would have been a lot worse if not 
for the heroics of our law enforcement, who moved promptly on the scene and got control of the situation. 
But I want to relay one other instance of heroic activity. One schoolteacher jumped in front of another schoolteacher to save her life and literally did. Both were injured. One of them had the wherewithal to hit the alarm to signal that something bad was happening. 
victims at the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist, where our community took time to reflect upon the lives that were lost. 
make sense and come to grips with what happened, I just simply ask my colleagues to stand with me and my colleagues from our Louisiana delegation and with the community of Lafayette for a moment of silence. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members will please stand and observe a moment of silence. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1656) to provide for additional resources for the Secret Service, and to improve protections for restricted areas, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 365, nays 16, not voting 52, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo 
Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Babin Burgess Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Engel Grothman 
Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cohen Conyers Fudge Gabbard Gibbs Gosar Green, Al Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Huelskamp Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) 
McNerney Meeks Moore Nugent Pittenger Rangel Renacci Richmond Roskam 
RoybalAllard Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Sires Slaughter Stewart Stivers Thompson (MS) Tiberi Tipton Turner Wagner Walden 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 
467 (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass S. 1482), 468 (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 1656), 469 (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 2270), I was unavoidably detained and did not cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted, ‘‘yea’’ on all three votes. 
27, 2015, I was not present for rollcall votes Nos. 467, 468, or 469 due to weatherrelated travel delays. If I had been in attendance, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 467, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 468, and ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 469. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on July 27, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 467, 468, and 469. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 427, REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECUTIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 30, 2015, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 7, 2015; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–230) on the resolution (H. Res. 380) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 427) to amend Chapter 8 of Title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law; providing for proceedings during the period from July 30, 2015, through September 7, 2015; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CEREMONY TO PRESENT THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE MONUMENTS MEN 
unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 64, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE MONUMENTS MEN. 
Center is authorized to be used on October 22, 2015, for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Monuments Men collectively, in recognition of their heroic role in the preservation, protection, and restitution of monuments, works of art, and artifacts of cultural importance during and following World War II. Physical preparations for the conduct of the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Representative CLARK of Massachusetts be removed as 
a cosponsor of H.R. 836. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 675) to increase, effective as of December 1, 2015, the rates of compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
judges of United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. 
benefits under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
Each of the dollar amounts under section 1114 of title 38, United States Code. 
OF UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
service on the Court a recalleligible retired judge in accordance with this section. Such a recall shall be made upon written certification by the chief judge that substantial service is expected to be performed by the retired judge for such period, not to exceed 90 days (or the equivalent), as determined by the chief judge to be necessary to meet the needs of the Court. 
that the chief judge recall the recalleligible judge for a period of service of not less than 90 days (or the equivalent). 
‘‘(iii) At any time during the period of recalled 
TO JUDGES OF UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Section 7297 of title 38, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
is amended by striking ‘‘district courts’’ and inserting ‘‘courts of appeals’’. 
least three years remaining in term of office; and’’; and 
BENEFITS UNDER LAWS ADMINISTERED BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
this subsection is a claim for disability compensation under chapter 11 of this title (including a claim regarding an increased rating)— 
Secretary to make decisions with respect to two or more disabilities; and 
effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
to each person who submits a claim for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary before the person submits such claim— 
up to an extra year of benefits payments if the person files a claim that is fully developed. 
types of submitted claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for which benefits are awarded: 
veterans service organization to act on the veterans’ behalf under a durable power of attorney. 
person other than a veterans service organization to act on the veterans’ behalf under a durable power of attorney. 
(iii) Claims filed by veterans who did not authorize a person to act on the veterans’ behalf under a durable power of attorney. 
in this paragraph are each of the following types of claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs: 
title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘The President shall issue each year a proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe two minutes of silence on Veterans Day in honor of the service and sacrifice of veterans throughout the history of the Nation, beginning at— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each 
will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 675, as amended. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
support H.R. 675, as amended. The bill includes several important provisions that would help our Nation’s veterans, including the annual COLA increase, changes to the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, requirements for VA to pay accrued benefits to the estate of a deceased veteran, improvements to claims processing, and would encourage Americans to observe 2 minutes of silence to honor our Nation’s heroes on Veterans Day. 
and their families depend on VA benefits to pay for their housing, their food, and other necessities. Therefore, it is absolutely essential that VA benefits keep pace with the rate of inflation so that our Nation’s heroes are able to make ends meet. 
The original text of H.R. 675, introduced by the chairman of the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, Dr. Abraham, would authorize the annual COLA increase to veterans disability compensation rates and other benefits. 
determined by the Consumer Price Index, which also establishes the COLA for Social Security beneficiaries. 
H.R. 675, as amended, would also incorporate legislation that was originally introduced by Representative COSTELLO that would modernize our 
Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, or CAVC, to ensure that the CAVC is able to meet the anticipated increase in the number of appeals that are coming over the next few years. 
would extend the temporary expansion of the CAVC from seven to nine judges through 2020. The bill would also authorize the chief judge to recall retired judges to serve more than 90 days, if necessary. These two changes would help ensure that the CAVC is able to continue deciding cases in a timely fashion. 
would revise the qualifications for the chief judge and make CAVC judges eligible for the same salaries, life insurance programs, and retirement service credit benefits that are offered to other Federal appellate court judges. 
provisions introduced by Representative TITUS that would help veterans 
who seek disability benefits for more than one medical condition. VA would 
be required to make interim payments for disabilities found to be service connected while the Department makes determinations with respect to claims for individual conditions that have yet to be adjudicated. 
VA to establish a 2year training program that would help ensure claims processors have the skills necessary to accurately decide claims for beneficiaries. 
serious problem for veterans and their families, which is that many veterans die before the VA is able to decide their claim for benefits. 
often take years, and if a veteran dies before VA completes adjudication of the claim, VA currently pays any accrued benefits to qualifying family members, such as spouses, dependent children, and dependent parents. However, if the veteran dies without any surviving qualifying family member, VA simply keeps the benefits. 
language authorized by Representative ZELDIN to fix this problem by requiring 
that VA pay any accrued benefits to the estate of the veteran, unless the estate would escheat. This would ensure that adult children and other beneficiaries of the veteran’s estate will receive the benefits to which the veteran was legally entitled. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, this bill incorporates a bill by my friend Representative LYNCH that would help remind the 
American public of the true meaning of Veterans Day. 
the President to issue an annual proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe a 2minute moment of silence in honor of our Nation’s veterans’ service and their sacrifice. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I, too, rise in support of H.R. 675, as 
amended, which serves to provide an increase in the benefit payments for our veterans, as well as for their families and survivors. 
increased the rates of basic compensation for disabled veterans and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation, DIC, for their survivors and dependents. This is in order to keep pace with inflation. 
costofliving adjustments, known commonly as COLAs, Congress must act each year to provide veterans with the benefit adjustments they deserve. This legislation will bring COLA increases for veterans to the same level as Social Security recipients for this year. 
short term, but I look forward to the House also considering H.R. 677, the American Heroes COLA Act of 2015, which I introduced, along with Chairman ABRAHAM . This would eliminate 
the possibility of congressional gridlock ensnaring the yearly COLA adjustments by making the increases 
I would like to highlight an additional provision included in H.R. 675 that will also help ensure our veterans receive the benefits they have earned in a more timely fashion. Title 3 of this legislation is the text of H.R. 1414, the Pay As You Rate Act, which I introduced earlier this year. 
complete claim has been reviewed and processed. The Pay as You Rate Act would expedite the benefit claims process for veterans by requiring the VA to pay benefits to veterans as individual components of their claims are reviewed, rather than at the completion of the entire claim. 
Iraq and Afghanistan veterans contained over eight separate components. Each medical condition is individually adjudicated, but the veteran only begins receiving benefits when the entire claim has been processed. 
The Pay as You Rate Act is a commonsense change that will help reduce the backlog and provide veteran families muchneeded financial support. I am pleased it has been included as part of H.R. 675. 
2139, introduced by Representative O’ROURKE , which requires the VA to inform veterans of the expected turnaround for VA’s various methods of filing a benefits claim. The intent of this legislation is to aid veterans as they determine the most appropriate manner for filing their benefits claim. 
995, introduced by Representative LYNCH . This legislation would honor 
our veterans by formalizing a Veterans Day moment of silence across the Nation. 
Again, I thank the chairman and subcommittee Chairman ABRAHAM for 
their work on behalf of our Nation’s heroes, and I look forward to continuing to work with them in a bipartisan fashion to ensure that all our Nation’s veterans are receiving the benefits they have earned and they deserve. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I am happy at this time to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), from the Sixth 
District of Pennsylvania, who is a member of our committee. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 675, the Veterans’ Compensation Cost of Living Adjustment Act of 2015. I applaud Chairman MILLER , subcommittee 
Chairman A BRAHAM , and our committee staff for bringing this commonsense legislation to the floor today. First, Mr. Speaker, this bill would 
take a commonsense step to ensure that veterans disability benefits are eligible for costofliving adjustments, much like our seniors are eligible for Social Security benefit adjustments. 
take steps towards ensuring that our veterans are able to receive more timely and prompt review of their benefit appeals. 
This legislation contains my legislation that I introduced earlier this year, H.R. 1067, the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims Reform Act. 
ensure that the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, known as the CAVC, is able to meet the growing demand for review of veterans’ claims benefits. 
we have an adequate number of appellate judges to handle current and future demand, but it would also ensure that we continue to attract qualified and capable individuals to serve our veterans on this critical panel. 
Mr. Speaker, as you know, particularly from my vantage point, the Philadelphia VA regional office has been plagued with claims backlogs, data manipulation, and excessive wait times. It is not only happening at this VA facility. As we continue to fix this mess, we need to make sure that we do all we can to promote and support efficiency within the VA and to ensure 
that there is no additional interruption in the benefits review process and service provided to our veterans. 
November 1988, President Ronald Reagan signed the Veterans’ Judicial Review Act into law, which established the CAVC as a court of record within the Federal judiciary. The court has exclusive appellate jurisdiction over decisions of the Board of Veterans’ Appeals, and it plays a critical role in ensuring the timely and accurate review of veterans’ claims. 
have seven permanent judges and two temporary additional judges; but absent legislative action, the court is expected to revert back to its permanent seven judges without the two additional temporary judges. In order to handle the increase in claims, this legislation would enable the court to maintain nine judges through 2020. 
As we continue to see reports of mismanagement, data manipulation, excessive wait times, and lost claims, it is imperative that this measure, as included in H.R. 675, is passed to proactively address potential complications that could hinder the effectiveness and efficiency of the CAVC to review and process veterans’ claims. I encourage my colleagues to pass H.R. 675. 
I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for introducing the legislation and for working with members of the committee to get this wellrounded, commonsense legislation to the floor. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the Fifth District of Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ), the chairman of a very 
Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee, I would like to thank the Veterans’ Affairs Committee as a whole and leadership on their role in getting this important bill to the floor. 
Veterans’ Compensation CostofLiving Adjustment Act of 2015, which is also known as COLA. 
The bill provides a costofliving adjustment increase to the veterans’ disability compensation and other veterans’ benefits for 2016. The amount of the increase is the same given to Social Security beneficiaries. 
is for the VA benefits to keep pace with the rate of inflation, and our Nation’s veterans depend on these benefits to pay for housing, food, and other necessities. Congress has previously passed similar increases with wide bipartisan support because both parties see the need in making sure that our American heroes are cared for, which they most markedly deserve. 
I would also like to thank the ranking member, Representative TITUS, for 
her support as an original cosponsor of H.R. 675. 
supporting those who have honorably served our Nation. Passing the Veterans’ Compensation CostofLiving Adjustment Act of 2015 provides our veterans with muchneeded peace of mind so that they know their benefits will be secure each year. 
We must demand the highest protection of our veterans and their financial security. Our veterans are our Nation’s heroes; and this bill, which enjoys bipartisan support, gives Congress a chance to give back to those who have already given so much. I urge the full passage of this bill, H.R. 675. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the First District of the State of New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), another valued 
for his leadership on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and for his unyielding passion toward always putting veterans first. 
both sides of the aisle with the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. It is a pleasure to serve with all of them. 
support of H.R. 675, which has been amended to include my bill, H.R. 1569, the Veterans Estate Transfer to Survivors Act, or the VETS Act. 
Congressional District of New York, which is located on the east end of Long Island. My district is in the County of Suffolk, which has the largest veterans population of any county in New York and the second highest in the entire country. With so many veterans in my home county, I am extremely proud to serve on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
With the passage of H.R. 675, the Veterans’ Compensation CostofLiving Adjustment Act of 2015, which has been amended to include my bill, H.R. 1569, veterans are securing a big victory here in the Halls of Congress. 
The VETS Act is a commonsense reform to the VA benefit payouts that will help veterans and their families on Long Island and across the country as my legislation would require the Department of Veterans Affairs to pay certain benefits that were earned by a veteran to the veteran’s estate. 
passes away while the VA is still reviewing a claim, the VA no longer has to award the earned benefits. Currently, only a veteran’s spouse, minor child, or dependent parent is eligible to collect the accrued benefits. By adding the estate to the current list of beneficiaries, adult children can now also receive the benefits earned should there be no other qualifying family members. 
who rightfully earned and deserve their benefits, actually receive their benefits even after the veteran passes away. I encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 675. 
further requests for time. I simply urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 675, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I also urge the passage of H.R. 675, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 675, the Veterans’ Compensation Cost of Living Adjustment Act and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it. 
This is an important bill that provides a critical costofliving increase for the serviceconnected disability compensation that our disabled veterans need and deserve. In addition, it makes other needed changes to a number of programs administered by the VA to ensure that they better meet the needs of our veterans and their families. 
I am pleased that H.R. 675, as amended by 
the Veterans Affairs Committee, includes the text of my bill, H.R. 995, the ‘‘Veterans Day Moment of Silence Act.’’ This bipartisan legislation calls for two minutes of silence every Veterans Day. Its set time of 2:11 p.m., Eastern Standard Time, allows all Americans from coast to coast and Puerto Rico to come together to reflect on the service of our veterans, past and present. Generations of brave men and women have served our nation with honor: risking their lives to keep us safe and free. They deserve our support and, most of all our gratitude. Mr. Speaker, there are few words that can 
do justice to the magnitude of what our servicemembers have done throughout our history, and continue to do for us every day. They leave their families and loved ones behind, and go to some of the world’s most dangerous places. They risk their health and their lives to serve and defend the nation we all love. I have had the honor and pleasure of meeting with some of them in my travels abroad and I am always moved by their dedication, their professionalism, and their courage. 
I would like to thank Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman MILLER and Ranking Member 
BROWN for including the language of ‘‘The Veterans Day Moment of Silence Act’’ to this bill. I also wish to recognize and thank the Bendetson family who first approached me with the concept of this tribute. Daniel and Michael Bendetson, along with their father, Dr. Peter Bendetson, have worked tirelessly for years to bring this proposal to fruition. Finally, I would most like to thank all the veterans in my district and across America, in whose honor I am proud to have introduced this legislation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1607) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the disability compensation evaluation procedure of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ruth Moore Act 
of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1164. Reports on claims for disabilities incurred or aggravated by military sexual trauma 
2015, and each year thereafter through 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on 
to or considered by the Secretary during the fiscal year covered by the report. 
and percentage of such denied claims submitted by each sex. 
the failure of a veteran to report for a medical examination. 
the end of the fiscal year covered by the report, are pending and, separately, the number of such claims on appeal. 
the average number of days that covered claims take to complete beginning on the date on which the claim is submitted. 
for disability compensation submitted to the Secretary based on a covered mental health condition alleged to have been incurred or aggravated by military sexual trauma. 
with respect to a veteran, psychological trauma, which in the judgment of a mental health professional, resulted from a physical assault of a sexual nature, battery of a sexual nature, or sexual harassment which occurred during active military, naval, or air service.’’. 
Congress that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs should update and improve the regulations of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to military sexual trauma by— 
specified as an inservice stressor in determining the serviceconnection of posttraumatic stress disorder by including military sexual trauma as 
mental disabilities (including depression, anxiety, and other disabilities as indicated in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders published by the American Psychiatric Association) that can result from military sexual trauma. 
who has submitted any claim for disability compensation or been treated at a medical facility of the Department information that includes— 
been granted or denied during the month covered by such information; 
denials with the rate for other claims regarding posttraumatic stress disorder; 
PAID TO SENIOR EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, of which, during fiscal years 2016 through 2018, not more than an aggregate amount of $2,000,000 in each such fiscal year may be paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs who are members of the Senior Executive Service.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania). Pursuant to 
the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman 
from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to add any extraneous material that they may have on H.R. 1607, as amended. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
1607, as amended, which would help veterans who are seeking benefits for conditions that arose as a result of military sexual trauma, or MST. 
problem in the U.S. military; although, in recent years, the DOD has been taking steps to reduce these assaults. We owe it to our veterans who are subject to personal assaults during their military service to ensure that the VA expeditiously and accurately processes mental health claims for conditions related to MST, such as depression, anxiety, or PTSD. 
Several factors complicate the process for veterans who seek disability compensation for mental health conditions that might arise from MST. The vast majority of sexual assaults in the military are not reported, and even fewer cases are actually prosecuted. As a result, many veterans find it hard to prove that the assaults actually occurred; therefore, service connection is often difficult to establish. 
H.R. 1607, as amended, which was introduced by Representative PINGREE , 
would also express the sense of Congress that the VA should update and improve its regulations with respect to MST. 
purport to reduce the burden of proof for veterans who file claims for PTSD, in practice, the VA claims processors do not use the broader standard of evidence when adjudicating claims related to MST. Moreover, these regulations do not address mental health conditions, with the exception of PTSD, that might arise as a result of military sexual trauma. 
oversight of the VA’s processing of MST claims, H.R. 1607, as amended, would require the VA to submit annual reports through 2019. These reports would provide certain data, including the number of military sexual trauma claims approved. The VA would also be required to provide the three most common reasons the Department denies such claims. 
its regulations with respect to MST claims, the Department would be required to provide each veteran who has submitted an MST claim or has been treated for MST with a copy of the report most recently submitted to Congress. The VA would have to provide monthly updates on the status of the changes to the regulations to both Congress and the veterans who are affected. 
limit awards and bonuses paid to the VA employees who are members of the Senior Executive Service to not more than an aggregate of $2 million for each of the next 3 years. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
which was introduced by my friend, Representative CHELLIE PINGREE of 
Maine, seeks to improve services for the men and women who have been the victims of military sexual trauma. In particular, this legislation sends a loud and clear message to the VA by requiring the Department to update its regulations to better serve veterans affected by MST. 
MST are outdated and do not reflect the needs of those who have lived through such awful experiences. The VA’s existing policy is to update regulations periodically as they see fit. However, information we have received indicates that the VA needs to do more for these veterans. 
Recently, the VA revised their regulations in order to do the right thing for veterans exposed to Agent Orange on aircraft, which will result in better health care and benefits for those veterans who are suffering from exposure to the toxin. We now expect the VA to do the same thing for the men and women affected by military sexual trauma. They, too, deserve the proper health care and adequate benefits. They deserve them today, not tomorrow. 
MST, however, we must also work on ways to both eliminate it from our armed services and change the culture of the military. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I have no further requests for time, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). 
the gentlewoman for yielding and for her great work on this issue. 
I also want to thank Chairman MILLER, Chairman A BRAHAM , Ranking 
work on this piece of bipartisan legislation. I think it is clear this committee is truly working for our Nation’s veterans. 
from another veteran who is the survivor of sexual assault in the military, 
assault from World War II, the war in Afghanistan, and every conflict in every era in between. There are veterans who are suffering from PTSD because they were sexually assaulted, and they are not being treated fairly. 
the VA accountable and making sure that they are following through on their promises. 
from combat is a real injury and needs to be treated that way, and it should be the same for those who suffer from PTSD from sexual assault. 
women and men were sexually assaulted in the military just last year, but only about a quarter of those assaults were reported and even fewer ended up with a prosecution. 
and the VA has increased training and prevention efforts around rape and harassment, but let me be clear. As you have already heard, the problem is not fixed. 
blamed and harassed, crimes have been covered up, and survivors themselves have been the subject of further harassment and recrimination. In the latest Pentagon report, 62 percent of the individuals who reported sexual assault have also reported retaliation. 
minute about a very brave woman, Ruth Moore, a veteran from Maine and the person who we named this bill for. 
was finally given the benefits we owed her. When I met her in my office in Maine 4 years ago, she could barely tell her story. 
Bit by bit, she has rebuilt her trust of 
people in positions of responsibility to the point where she is able to tell her story publicly. There are thousands and thousands of Ruth Moores out there who have been fighting for their benefits for years or even decades. 
The Ruth Moore Act of 2015 is an important next step in ensuring that the VA treats these veterans fairly. To be clear, this bill does not create any new benefits for survivors of sexual assault or give special treatment to the survivors of sexual assault. This bill just tries to level the playing field, to hold the VA accountable, and ensure these veterans are treated fairly. 
We were able to pass this bill in the 
last Congress, and I urge my colleagues to do so again this time around. This issue is too important. It cannot be ignored. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ). 
support of the Ruth Moore Act. In 2012, 1 in 5 female and 1 in 100 male veterans told the VA that they had experienced sexual abuse while serving in the military. 
sexual abuse in the military, it remains difficult for veterans to receive disability benefits as a result of their military sexual trauma. 
Network, the Yale Law School Veterans Legal Services Clinic, the ACLU, and the ACLU of Connecticut released a report that shows that veterans who experienced sexual assault have their benefits claims denied more often than veterans with other types of PTSD claims. 
granting these claims varied greatly, depending upon the VA regional office. 
granted only 26 percent of the MST claims they received, while the office in Los Angeles granted more than 88 percent of the claims they received. 
Last year the U.S. Government Accountability Office backed up these findings. GAO found approval rates ranged from 14 percent to 88 percent at different regional offices. 
The GAO also found that some medical examiners examining these claims required more evidence than others to establish these claims. 
The Ruth Moore Act we are considering today would require that the VA report data on military sexual trauma claims to Congress. 
forward and could lead to more consistency and transparency in claims processing, I am disappointed that we are not considering Representative PINGREE ’s original bill, which would have 
also made it easier for survivors of military sexual trauma to make their case and made the claims process more uniform. 
a Maine constituent of Representative PINGREE who spent more than 20 years 
fighting for her own benefits. Other survivors should not be made to repeat her battle. 
I urge passage of this bill. Mr. MILLER of Florida. I reserve the 
further speakers at this time. So I would just simply urge my colleagues to support passage of the Ruth Moore Act of 2015, H.R. 1607, as amended, and to provide support to the victims of MST who have so bravely served our Nation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I urge all Members to support H.R. 1607, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 876. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observation status rather than admitted as inpatients of such hospitals. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
was the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disability Act. I rise to thank the members of the Lake County Board for issuing a resolution designating July 26, 2015, as Americans with Disabilities Act Awareness Day. 
was in response to an appalling problem, widespread discrimination against people with disabilities. 
had a profound impact across our country, requiring accessibility and banning discrimination all across America. 
have many great organizations that provide resources to people with disabilities and their families. 
Lake County Center for Independent Living, an organization that provides free life skills training, employment training, and advocacy services to disabled individuals in our community. 
with the Lake County Board to celebrate the Americans with Disabilities Act, and I remain committed to working for policies that prohibit discrimination of all kinds. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
affordable, quality health care is a fundamental value, and Medicare and Medicaid have helped millions of Americans live with economic security and dignity for 50 years. 
Medicare and Medicaid into law in 1965 on the basic principles that access to health care is a right, not a privilege, and certainly no one should be forced into poverty because of healthcare costs. 
must do everything we can here in the House to strengthen Medicare and Medicaid. 
of Americans more over the last 50 years. We cannot strengthen these programs. We cannot ensure the longterm survival of these programs by passing budgets that turn Medicaid into block grants or Medicare into a voucher system. 
help people live longer, and provide the peace of mind that comes with affordable health care that is there when you need it most. 
breaks with its recent tradition and works together to pass meaningful legislation that boosts these programs, like the Affordable Care Act. 
Happy 50th birthday, Medicaid. Here’s to many, many more. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
have asked people on my Facebook page what they think about the Iranian deal. Here are a few of the 300 responses. 
left out of the negotiation? Why even trust Iran at all to live up to the deal when they hate America? 
John says: Why are there no American inspectors? Why no instant inspections? 
deal with the world’s number one state sponsor of terrorism? This used to be called treason. 
Carlos says: Ask them if they remember who Neville Chamberlain was and his policy toward Nazi Germany. Giving into Iran has a very similar overtone to what Chamberlain and the world did back then. 
inspectors, no prisoners coming home? No inspection of their most lucrative site? China and Russia can sell them weapons? 
wants some candid answers. Tomorrow Mr. Kerry will testify before our Foreign Affairs Committee. Time for some frank, nodoubletalk answers from the administration on this Iranian deal. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
of four child abductions in the United States are not committed by a stranger, but instead are perpetrated by a relative. 
found that tax filings can help locate these missing children nearly half of the time because new addresses can be identified, but law enforcement can’t access this critical information. 
law enforcement the tools they need in order to find the more than 200,000 children that are kidnapped by family members every year here in the United States. 
and I have introduced the bipartisan Recovering Missing Children Act, which will allow law enforcement, with a court order, to access tax filings that could aid in the search for abducted children. 
the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, the Major County Sheriffs’ Association, and the Sergeants Benevolent Association. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a zerocost, commonsense way to cut red tape and help law enforcement bring these missing children home. 
have yet another reminder why we need for the Senate to take up H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forest Act of 2015. We need to bring active management back to our forests. 
in California as well as the rest of the Western States the fire season is upon us. 
burning near Alto, California. It has already consumed over 1,700 acres since Saturday, and it is only 20 percent contained. This is one of 12 fires burning in California. It is unknown how many throughout the West. 
been injured in this blaze, two from the State and two from the Federal level. Thankfully, three of the men have been released, though one is still hospitalized with severe burns. Thankfully, they are nonlifethreatening. 
our forests are roadblocks that get thrown up by a few environmental groups to the type of wise management we need, especially in the time of drought, especially in the time we have 
millions of dead trees in the Western States and in California. 
be managed. We should have a forest where it will be better for the habitat, better for everybody, and better for everything involved. Instead, we have roadblocks. 
better attitude on managing our forests because, again, this is hurting our firefighters, putting them at unnecessary risk, as well as the homeowners in the area, the wildlife, the habitat, and the economy that used to come from those areas. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. C LAWSON of Florida (at the request of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today and 
for the balance of the week on account of a family emergency. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a flight 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a flight 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas (at the request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today and tomorrow on account of official business. 
(at the request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
information technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2499. An act to amend the Small Business Act to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, July 28, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and second quarters of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO LATVIA, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUNE 26 AND JUNE 29, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR . 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Secretary of Defense, Department of Defense, transmitting a report of a violation of the Antideficiency Act, Army case number 1501, as required by 31 U.S.C. 1351; to the 
Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of the Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing [Docket No.: FR 
Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Lifeline and 
Link Up Reform and Modernization; Telecommunications Carriers Eligible for Universal Service Support; Connect America Fund [WC Docket No.: 1142] [WC Docket No.: 09197] [WC Docket No.: 1090] received July 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Veterans’ Affairs. Supplemental report on H.R. 1994. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–225, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee on the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 1634. A bill to strengthen accountability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–226). Referred to the Committee on the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 2750. A bill to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administration, streamline transportation security regulations, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–227). Referred to the Committee on the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 348. A bill to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environmental documents for permitting determinations, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–228, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1138. A bill to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–229). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Rules. House Resolution 380. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted 
into law; providing for proceedings during the period from July 30, 2015, through September 7, 2015; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–230). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Natural Resources extended for a period ending not later than September 11, 2015. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
GARAMENDI , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana): 
H.R. 3214. A bill to amend title 14, United 
States Code, to establish the National Icebreaker Fund to pay the costs of construction, alteration, renovation, lease, or charter of icebreakers for the Coast Guard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
from soliciting or knowingly acquiring, receiving, or accepting a donation of human fetal tissue for any purpose other than disposal of the tissue if the donation affects interstate commerce and the tissue will be or is obtained pursuant to an induced abortion; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3216. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify the emergency hospital care furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to certain veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3217. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Transportation to conduct a study on the adequacy of motor vehicle refueling assistance to individuals with disabilities, to promulgate regulations in accordance with the results of such study, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
AGUILAR , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. 
Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
Mr. C OSTA , Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. I SSA, Mr. K NIGHT , 
Mr. L AMALFA , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEU 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. P ETERS , 
ALLARD , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. S PEIER , 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
VARGAS , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
H.R. 3218. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 836 Anacapa Street, Santa Barbara, California as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 3219. A bill to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to provide that post offices shall comply with public accommodation standards under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. D OLD, Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 3220. A bill to establish a smart card 
pilot program under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to require States to include information on the academic progress of homeless children and children in foster care in annual State report cards; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
FINCHER , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H ARDY , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. H UDSON, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. K ING of 
Iowa, Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. R OONEY of 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. W ILSON of South 
workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting representation by a labor organization; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Gold Medal to Timothy Nugent, in recognition of his pioneering work on behalf of people with disabilities, including disabled veterans; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3224. A bill to regulate the sale of 
cases and covers that resemble firearms, to amend the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 with respect to the regulation of toy, lookalike, and imitation firearms, and to provide penalties for a violation of such regulations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for himself and Mr. LOEBSACK ): 
H.R. 3225. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for enhanced payments to rural health care providers under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Exchange Act of 1934 to require certain companies to disclose information describing any measures the company has taken to identify and address conditions of forced labor, slavery, human trafficking, and the worst forms of child labor within the company’s supply chains; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Amendment rights of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense trained in the use of firearms to carry officiallyissued or personally owned firearms on military installations in the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3228. A bill to require that until a 
comprehensive study is completed, the volume of cellulosic biofuel mandated under the renewable fuel program be limited to what is commercially available, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3229. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the non application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and accessories; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H. Res. 381. A resolution to refer H.R. 3133, 
a bill making congressional reference to the United States Court of Federal Claims pursuant to sections 1492 and 2509 of title 28, United States Code, of certain Indian land related takings claims of the Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians of Michigan and its individual members; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
need to eliminate life without parole for children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
COOPER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Georgia, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. W HITFIELD , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. Y OUNG  
of Iowa, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. B YRNE , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. P OEof 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. D ENT, 
HARDY , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. R ODNEY  
York, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. P IERLUISI , 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
GABBARD , Mr. G OHMERT , Mrs. M ILLER  
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. S AM 
Michigan, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding the appropriate award of the Purple Heart to the Marines and Sailors killed or wounded in the recent attack at the Navy Operational Support Center and Marine Corps Reserve Center and the Armed Forces Career Center in Chattanooga, Tennessee; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. RANGEL (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , and Mr. S AM JOHNSON of 
H. Res. 384. A resolution calling for a formal end of the Korean War; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
3230) for the relief of Erdal Dede; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3214. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 3215. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution states that Congress has the authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ 
H.R. 3216. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 3217. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3218. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United 
States Constitution, which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post Roads’’ 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution, which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
H.R. 3219. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3220. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
gives Congress the authority ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’. 
H.R. 3221. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3222. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3223. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 of the Constitution 
H.R. 3224. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3225. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Welfare) and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (Commerce) of the Constitution. 
hospitals are regulated by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). This includes transaction between hospitals, CMS, and third parties, which constitutes commerce. Further, Medicare is considered to be constitutional as part of providing for the general welfare and therefore any changes to Medicare would fall under this provision as well. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
H.R. 3226. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Abolition of Slavery ‘‘Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.’’ 
H.R. 3227. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. 
H.R. 3228. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States 
H.R. 3229. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3230. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution.’’ 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 167: Mr. R UIZand Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 592: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. W EBSTER of 
Florida, Mr. F OSTER , and Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 707: Mr. P ALAZZO and Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 721: Mr. F LORES and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 774: Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 776: Mr. C HAFFETZ and Mrs. E LLMERS  
H.R. 816: Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 985: Ms. A DAMS and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1019: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 1027: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
H.R. 1211: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1321: Ms. S TEFANIK and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B ARR, and Mr. C ARNEY. 
H.R. 1342: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. K INGof 
H.R. 1356: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. G RANGER , 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
BEYER , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. C ARSON  
H.R. 1384: Mr. C ONAWAY , Ms. L INDA T. 
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1391: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. Z INKE, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. 
H.R. 1516: Mr. H IGGINS and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 1594: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. D ESANTIS , 
Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
H.R. 1604: Mr. R OSSand Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 1608: Ms. S PEIER and Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. B ERA, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. D ENT, and Mr. 
H.R. 1628: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. B ENISHEK and Ms. G ABBARD . 
HAHN, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. C OOPER. 
CAPPS , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
H.R. 2147: Mr. C ONYERS and Mr. P ALLONE . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
H.R. 2342: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 2602: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. M ENG, 
H.R. 2643: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. S ALMON and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2653: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M ARCH ANT, Mrs. B LACK , and Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 2689: Mr. N UNES , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. B ERA, and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. C ULBERSON and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 2811: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and 
H.R. 2824: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2844: Mr. V EASEY and Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2849: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. 
H.R. 2911: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. N UNES , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. 
H.R. 2915: Mr. J ONES , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
H.R. 2920: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
H.R. 2963: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 2973: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3036: Mr. G IBSON and Ms. J ACKSON  
H.R. 3114: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3118: Mr. B LUM, Mr. N EWHOUSE , and 
H.R. 3132: Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  
of California, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ERA, Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. R ICHMOND , and Mr. T EDLIEU 
H.R. 3136: Mr. L UETKEMEYER and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 3137: Mr. K LINE, Mr. C OOK, Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Mr. 
H.R. 3199: Mr. P ERRY and Mr. B ROOKS of 
H.J. Res. 55: Mr. J ONES , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. G OWDY , 
Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mrs. L OVE, 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.J. Res. 61: Ms. G ABBARD and Mr. C URBELO  
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C OOK, 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. R USH, Mr. D ELANEY , 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G IBSON, and Mr. R USSELL . 
H. Res. 289: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. V AN 
H. Res. 294: Mr. R IBBLE and Ms. J UDYCHU 
H. Res. 354: Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
H. Res. 367: Mr. R YAN of Wisconsin, Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. R OHRABACHER , 
Mr. T ROTT , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
CULBERSON , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
MICA, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. 
H. Res. 379: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
were deleted from public bills and resolution, as follows: 
Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a Citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would establish a procedure by which the President of the United States may be removed from office by means of a nationwide recall election; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5893 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 27, 2015 No. 119 