marked the 122nd year that we have honored and celebrated the hardworking men and women of America on Labor Day. 
the tremendous progress that the labor movement has made in improving the lives of working families. 
conditions to fighting for fair health care and retirement benefits, unions have and will always play a critical role in growing the American middle class. 
go. That is why I support raising the minimum wage, expanding the earned income tax credit, and fighting for fair trade agreements so that we can lift up the millions of working families in America still struggling to make ends meet. 
Mr. Speaker, it is simple. Those willing to work should be able to find good jobs. Through their hard work, they should be able to improve their family’s quality of life. That is the core of the American Dream. 
This Labor Day, let’s recommit ourselves to building a nation and an economy where that dream is within reach for every American. GOLD KING MINE 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
last month the negligence of the Environmental Protection Agency caused the release of over 3 million gallons of wastewater at the Gold King Mine near Silverton, Colorado, causing arguably the biggest environmental disaster of this year. 
work period, I was able to visit the spill site and, with elected officials, was able to view it for myself. As you can see, there is still considerable effluent coming out of the mouth of that mine as of 2 weeks ago. 
Mr. Speaker, I will just ask: Has anyone been fired? Has anyone been held accountable at the Environmental Protection Agency for this disaster? No, they have not. 
What would have happened had a private company been responsible for a disaster of this order of magnitude? I shudder to think where those people in charge of that company would be today. 
The EPA did not follow its own procedures. It did not have proper communications equipment at the site of the disaster. They had no satellite phone. They had no radio. 
local officials until a day later of what had occurred at the mine. They have also refused to answer questions about the potential health risks in the polluted water to humans and animals downriver. 
neglect will be unknown, but I submit they will be significant for years to come. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Francis Bellamy, one of the most influential individuals from Mount Morris, New York. Francis Bellamy is the author of the Pledge of Allegiance. 
the Pledge of Allegiance, which was first published in a magazine called ‘‘The Youth Companion’’ on September 8, 1892. The Pledge was initially written as part of a campaign to put American flags in every school in the country. 
allegiance to my Flag and the Republic for which it stands, one Nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.’’ 
United States of America’’ were added. In 1954, Congress added the words ‘‘under God,’’ creating the 31word pledge we say every day. 
of times every day and are ingrained in our society as an expression of national pride and patriotism. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, the summer months provided us with an excellent opportunity to get outside and take advantage of the natural resources, great parks, and public lands in our communities. 
fortunate that we do not have to go much further than our own backyard to enjoy a wide variety of landscapes and public lands. 
In an effort to prioritize the conservation of our public lands, waterways, natural resources, and public policies related to the same, I recently established the bipartisan Congressional Land Conservation Caucus with Representatives JOEPITTS, EARLBLUMENAUER , and M IKETHOMPSON of California. I appreciate their willingness to support this effort, and I urge my colleagues to join our caucus. 
will focus on issues related to land conservation, the protection of natural resources, and the preservation of open space across the country. 
Rellahan and the Daily Local News for their indepth observations on the past, present, and future of the Chester County governmentled efforts to protect open space. It has been a remarkably successful program over the past 30 years. 
district, Montgomery County, has followed in their lead, as have many other counties in Pennsylvania and across the country. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
weapons in the future. It means $150 billion to Iran, some of which will be used to export terrorism, as President Obama has admitted. It allows Iran to buy weapons, such as intercontinental ballistic missiles. It gives Iran weeks, if not months, of advance notice of any weapons site inspections. 
one prohibits other countries from inspecting a possible nuclear weapons development site. 
a majority in the House and the Senate oppose it. The Iran deal destabilizes the Middle 
RESOLUTION RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE 
House of Representatives states that a question of the privileges of the House ‘‘shall be, first, those affecting the rights of the House collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings; and second, those affecting the rights, reputation, and conduct of Members, Delegates, or the Resident Commissioner, individually, in their representative capacity only’’; 
Review Act of 2015 (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘Review Act’’) was passed by the Senate on May 7, 2015, by a vote of 981; 
Whereas the House of Representatives passed the Review Act on May 14, 2015, by a vote of 40025; 
by President Barack Obama on May 22, 2015, becoming Public Law No. 114–17; 
Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as enacted by section 2 of the Review Act) states, ‘‘The term ‘agreement’ means an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran that includes the United States, commits the United States to take action, or pursuant to which the United States commits or otherwise agrees to take action, regardless of the form it takes, whether a political commitment or otherwise, and regardless of whether it is legally binding or not, including any joint comprehensive plan of action entered into or made between Iran and any other parties, and any additional materials related thereto, including annexes, appendices, codicils, side agreements, implementing materials, documents, and guidance, technical or other understandings, and any related agreements, whether entered into or implemented prior to the agreement or to be entered into or implemented in the future’’; 
General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘IAEA’’) and the President of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran signed the ‘‘Roadmap for 
the Clarification of Past and Present Outstanding Issues regarding Iran’s Nuclear Program’’, which refers to two ‘‘separate arrangements’’ between the IAEA and Iran; 
arrangements seeks to clarify and resolve longstanding questions about the possible military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear program, including those identified in the IAEA Director General’s report to the Board of Governors, designated ‘‘GOV/2011/65’’; 
states, ‘‘Since 2002, the [IAEA] has become increasingly concerned about the possible existence in Iran of undisclosed nuclear related activities involving military related organizations, including activities related to the development of a nuclear payload for a missile, about which the [IAEA] has regularly received new information’’; 
second of these separate arrangements as an effort to resolve outstanding issues regarding the military facility at Parchin; 
Whereas in his November 29, 2012, report to the Board of Governors, the Director General of the IAEA stated, ‘‘As you will recall, the [IAEA] has information indicating that Iran constructed a large explosives containment vessel at the Parchin site in which to conduct hydrodynamic experiments. Despite repeated requests, Iran has still not granted the [IAEA] access to the Parchin site. Satellite imagery shows that extensive activities, including the removal and replacement of considerable quantities of earth, have taken place at this location. I am concerned that these activities will have seriously undermined the [IAEA’s] ability to undertake effective verification. I reiterate my request that Iran, without further delay, provide access to that location and substantive answers to the [IAEA’s] detailed questions regarding the Parchin site’’; 
the Associated Press includes draft text of the Parchin separate agreement, which details a process by which Iran will provide photographs, videos, soil samples, and other materials in lieu of giving the IAEA access to the Parchin site; 
veteran of the IAEA and its former Deputy Director General and chief inspector, stated, ‘‘Much of the current concerns arise from the reported arrangements worked out between the IAEA and Iran in the side documents to address PMD [possible military dimension] issues. If the reporting is accurate, these procedures appear to be risky, departing significantly from wellestablished and proven safeguards practices. At a broader level, if verification standards have been diluted for Parchin (or elsewhere) and limits imposed, the ramification is significant as it will affect the IAEA’s 
with the requisite level of assurances and without undue hampering of the verification process’’; 
verification by Iran of its own nuclear weaponsrelated activities performed at the Parchin military facility are inadequate and incapable of demonstrating Iran’s compliance with safeguards against nuclear weapons development, as established by the IAEA or the international nuclear agreement with Iran; 
(the United States, the United Kingdom, France, the People’s Republic of China, the Russian Federation, and Germany) and Iran announced that the parties had agreed to a Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action; 
Comprehensive Plan of Action requires Iran’s parliament and president to implement the Additional Protocol to Iran’s Comprehensive Safeguards Agreement with the IAEA; 
Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action requires Iran to fully implement the ‘‘Roadmap for Clarification of Past and Present Outstanding Issues regarding Iran’s Nuclear Program’’, which was agreed to with the IAEA; 
Plan of Action is necessarily predicated on and interdependent with the two side agreements between the IAEA and Iran, all of which are mutually reinforcing and indivisible; 
Whereas State Department spokesman John Kirby issued a public statement on July 19, 2015, stating that ‘‘today the State Department transmitted to Congress the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, its annexes, and related materials. These documents include the Unclassified Verification Assessment Report on the JCPOA and the Intelligence Community’s Classified Annex to the Verification Assessment Report, as required under the law. Therefore, Day One of the 60day review period begins tomorrow, Monday, July 20’’; 
Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as enacted by section 2 of the Review Act) specifically requires the President to provide Congress with the text of ‘‘side agreements’’ and ‘‘related agreements’’, including those agreements ‘‘between 
transmission to Congress did not include the text or materials relating to the two side agreements between the IAEA and Iran and was therefore incomplete as a matter of law; 
Whereas on July 21, 2015, Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman BOBCORKER and Ranking Member B EN 
State Department requesting the actual text of the two separate agreements between the IAEA and Iran; 
Whereas on July 22, 2015, Congressman MIKEPOMPEO and Senator T OM 
House and the Majority Leader of the Senate, sent a letter to the President requesting the text of the two separate agreements between the IAEA and Iran; 
Whereas on August 4, 2015, Congressman POMPEO sent a further letter to 
the President, cosigned by the House Majority Leader and 92 other Members of the House, requesting the President to provide the text of the two separate agreements between the IAEA and Iran; 
these requests, the President did not provide the text of the separate agreements to Congress or any of its Members; 
Whereas on July 22, 2015, State Department spokesman John Kirby stated, ‘‘There’s no side deals. There’s no secret deals between Iran and the IAEA that the P5+1 has not been briefed on in detail’’; 
to Members of Congress, Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs Julia Frifield contradicted this claim, saying, ‘‘The Roadmap refers to two ‘separate agreements’ between the IAEA and Iran. Within the IAEA system, such arrangements related to safeguards procedures and inspection activities are confidential and are not released to other member states’’; 
State John Kerry told the House Foreign Affairs Committee, in responding to the statement that National Security Advisor Susan Rice has seen the actual text of the two side agreements, ‘‘I don’t believe Susan Rice, National Security Advisor, has seen it’’; 
whether he has seen the actual text, Secretary Kerry said, ‘‘No, I haven’t seen it, I’ve been briefed on it’’; 
Energy Ernest Moniz stated, ‘‘I, personally, have not seen those documents’’; 
House Press Secretary Josh Earnest stated, ‘‘Our negotiators were briefed on the contents of that agreement’’ (a reference to the side agreements); 
thirdhand, including by Obama Administration officials who themselves have not read the actual text of the side agreements, is akin to a game of 
telephone and is not the same thing as allowing Members of Congress to read the actual text of the agreements; 
Obama stated, ‘‘This deal is not built on trust. It is built on verification’’ ; 
President, Congress, and the American people to consider and determine whether to support or oppose an Iran nuclear agreement without reviewing key inspection and verification details contained in the text of the two side agreements between the IAEA and Iran; 
Parliamentarian of the House of Representatives, acting as an Officer of the House, that the President has transmitted to Congress the agreement and related materials as required by law, and therefore to begin counting the elapsing of the congressional review period beginning on July 20, 2015, deprives the House collectively and the Members of the House individually in their representative capacities, of the right to the review the Iran nuclear agreement; 
the integrity of the proceedings of the House as it violates the process provided under section 135 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as enacted by section 2 of the Review Act), which is contingent upon both the President’s transmittal of the Iran nuclear agreement and all related documents, including side agreements, and the observance of the congressional review period provided in such section 135; 
to Members of Congress, Assistant Secretary of State Frifield inaccurately 
have a right to demand these [side agreement] documents from the IAEA’’; 
Deputy Director General and chief inspector of the IAEA stated, ‘‘According to the IAEA rules and practices, such documents could be made available to the members of the IAEA Board’’; 
‘‘The issue of confidentiality is an important matter for the IAEA. However, it should not be used as a blanket to stop legitimate questions, particularly regarding verification methods at Parchin. Historically, the IAEA has not viewed such issues as confidential. The IAEA and its member states have disclosed much more detailed facility specific approaches at regular safeguards symposia. Additionally, in 2007 the IAEA Iran Work Plan addressing outstanding issues, accumulated over several years, was made available to all IAEA member states, and the Board also received a 2012 document from Iran related to very specific PMD [possible military dimensions] questions, which happened while the IAEA was negotiating with Iran for greater clarity and access’’; 
Whereas part I, section 5 of IAEA Information Circular 153 provides that ‘‘specific information relating to such implementation [of measures to safeguard nuclear materials] in the State may be given to the Board of Governors and to such Agency staff members as require such knowledge’’; 
the IAEA authorizes the Board of Governors of the IAEA to direct the work of the IAEA, including in safeguarding nuclear materials and ensuring the peaceful ends of a participating member state’s nuclear program; 
Board of Governors of the IAEA, entitled ‘‘Circulation of Documents of Particular Importance’’, establishes procedures by which member states of the IAEA Board of Governors may access relevant documents related to their duties; 
the Board of Governors of the IAEA and has both the need and the authority to access the actual text of the two side agreements between the IAEA and Iran; 
House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, speaking on behalf of the President of the United States, stated, ‘‘I will acknowledge that I don’t know exactly 
what the requirements are of the Iran Review Act, so I’m not sure exactly what that means [Congress is] asking for’’; 
Press Secretary Josh Earnest stated, ‘‘[W]e do believe that Congress should play their rightful role in terms of ultimately deciding whether or not the sanctions that Congress passed into law should be removed’’; 
Press Secretary Josh Earnest further stated, ‘‘[M]embers of Congress should 
consider the agreement and decide whether or not the President has achieved his stated objective of preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, shutting down every pathway they have and making them cooperate with the most intrusive set of inspections that have ever been imposed on a country’s nuclear program’’; 
Plan of Action, which was negotiated and agreed to by the Obama Administration, fails to accomplish those objectives; 
House of Representatives of the transmittal by the President of an Iran nuclear agreement that does not include all of the materials required by law, including the text of the 2 side agreements agreed to between the IAEA and Iran, violates the rights of the Members of the House individually in their representative capacity, impeding their ability to make a fully informed decision on how to vote on behalf of their constituents, as conceived and provided for in the enactment of the Review Act; 
Whereas Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has labeled Iran the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism; 
Whereas the Web site WhiteHouse.gov states that Iran currently has a 23 month breakout time to build a nuclear bomb; 
nuclear agreement is one of the most important issues that will ever come before the House, as it directly affects the safety and security of the Members of the House and their constituents; 
Whereas the taking of legislative action without reasonable consideration and knowledge damages the reputation and credibility of the House collectively and its Members individually in their representative capacities; and 
follow a law that he signed is an affront to the dignity of the House and cannot be ignored: Now, therefore, be it 
House of Representatives to dispatch without delay a notification to the President, on behalf of the whole House, entitled ‘‘Failure to Follow the Law’’ and stating that— 
that agreement to the House is incomplete as a matter of law; 
review period provided in section 135 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (as enacted by section 2 of the Review Act) has not begun; and 
House of Representatives, on behalf of the whole House, to return the agreement and related materials provided in the President’s transmission of July 19, 2015, in order that the President may provide a full and complete transmission of all materials required by law, including the text of side agreements; and 
such actions as may be necessary to provide an appropriate remedy to ensure that the integrity of the legislative process is protected and to report his actions and recommendations to the House. 
rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the majority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair within 2 legislative days after the resolution is properly noticed. 
the resolution noticed by the gentleman from Illinois will appear in the RECORD at this point. 
The Chair will not at this point determine whether the resolution constitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the resolution. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1344) to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hardof hearing newborns, infants, and young children, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may cited as the ‘‘Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2015’’. 
newborns, infants, toddlers, and young children benefit from comprehensive early intervention programs that assist them in supporting their child’s development in all domains. 
intervention programs must be in place to identify hearing levels in deaf and hardofhearing newborns, infants, toddlers, and young children so that they may access appropriate early intervention programs in a timely manner. 
EARLY DETECTION, DIAGNOSIS, AND TREATMENT REGARDING DEAF AND HARDOFHEARING NEWBORNS, INFANTS, AND YOUNG CHILDREN. 
(42 U.S.C. 280g–1) is amended to read as follows: 
TREATMENT REGARDING DEAF AND HARDOFHEARING NEWBORNS, INFANTS, AND YOUNG CHILDREN. 
the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, shall make awards of grants or cooperative agreements to develop statewide newborn, infant, and young childhood hearing screening, diagnosis, evaluation, and intervention programs and systems, and to assist in the recruitment, retention, education, and training of qualified personnel and health care providers for the following purposes: 
statewide programs and systems for hearing screening of newborns, infants, and young children, prompt evaluation and diagnosis of children referred from screening programs, and appropriate educational, audiological, and medical interventions for children confirmed to be deaf or hardofhearing, consistent with the following: 
and delivery of information and services by organizations such as schools and agencies (including community, consumer, and parentbased agencies), pediatric medical homes, and other programs mandated by part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, which offer programs specifically designed to meet the unique language and communication needs of deaf and hardofhearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
accurate, comprehensive, and, where appropriate, evidencebased, allowing families to make important decisions for their child in a 
timely way, including decisions relating to all possible assistive hearing technologies (such as hearing aids, cochlear implants, and osseointegrated devices) and communication options (such as visual and sign language, listening and spoken language, or both). 
qualified early intervention providers, qualified health care providers, or pediatric medical homes (including by encouraging State agencies to adopt such models). 
in conjunction with the Maternal and Child Health Bureau of the Health Resources and Services Administration— 
Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, shall make awards of grants or cooperative agreements to State agencies or their designated entities for development, maintenance, and improvement of data tracking and surveillance systems on newborn, infant, and young childhood hearing screenings, audiologic evaluations, medical evaluations, and intervention services; to conduct applied research related to services and outcomes, and provide technical assistance related to newborn, infant, and young childhood hearing screening, evaluation, and intervention programs, and information systems; to ensure highquality monitoring of hearing screening, evaluation, and intervention programs and systems for newborns, infants, and young children; and to coordinate developing standardized procedures for data management and assessing program and cost effectiveness. The awards under the preceding sentence may be used— 
infant, and young childhood hearing screening, evaluation, diagnosis, and intervention programs and systems that can be used— 
interoperability of data regarding early hearing loss and multiple sources to increase information exchanges between clinical care and public health including the ability of States and territories to exchange and share data. 
Director of the National Institutes of Health, acting through the Director of the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders, shall, for purposes of this section, continue a program of research and development related to early hearing detection and 
intervention, including development of technologies and clinical studies of screening methods, efficacy of interventions, and related research. 
under this section, the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the Director of the National Institutes of Health shall collaborate and consult with— 
responsible for early intervention services pursuant to title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) (Medicaid Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnosis and Treatment Program); title XXI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397aa et seq.) (State Children’s Health Insurance Program); title V of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 701 et seq.) (Maternal and Child Health Block Grant Program); and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.); 
who are proficient in deaf or hardofhearing children’s language and who possess the specialized knowledge, skills, and attributes needed to serve deaf and hardofhearing newborns, infants, toddlers, children, and their families; 
Resources and Services Administration and the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall coordinate and collaborate in assisting States— 
construed to preempt or prohibit any State law, including State laws which do not require the screening for hearing loss of newborns, infants, or young children of parents who object to the screening on the grounds that such screening conflicts with the parents’ religious beliefs. 
under part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.) or other 
selfhelp, parent, and education organizations, and other familycentered services. 
child who is deaf or hard of hearing, including nonmedical services; and 
‘‘(ii) given the opportunity to consider and obtain the full range of such appropriate services, educational and program placements, and other options for their child from highly qualified providers. 
key components performed by a physician, including history, examination, and medical decisionmaking focused on symptomatic and related body systems for the purpose of diagnosing the etiology of hearing loss and related physical conditions, and for identifying appropriate treatment and referral options. 
the process by which a physician provides medical diagnosis and direction for medical or surgical treatment options for hearing loss or related medical disorders. 
childhood hearing screening’ refers to objective physiologic procedures to detect possible hearing loss and to identify newborns, infants, and young children who require further audiologic evaluations and medical evaluations. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased that, today, the House 
is considering H.R. 1344, the Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2015. This bipartisan bill sets a strong precedent for working together on the many big issues before Congress this month. 
with Congresswoman LOISCAPPS , reauthorizes the program for the early detection, diagnosis, and treatment of deaf and hard of hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
and intervention for newborn babies. Through early detection, these children and their families can be made aware of a child’s hearing loss and given access to specialized early intervention providers and programs in order to help children meet their potential. This reauthorization increases the focus on loss to followup. So those children whose hearing loss is identified don’t just stop with identification; they may go on to receive intervention, treatment, or an introduction to deaf services. 
2000, only 40 percent of newborns were screened for hearing loss. That number rose to just over 86 percent in 2011, and, today, the CDC reports that, roughly, 97 percent of all infant children are screened for hearing loss. 
In closing, I want to thank my colleague, Congresswoman CAPPS , for her 
leadership over the years on this important bipartisan issue. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1344 so we can continue these vital services for newborn babies and young children. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act. This important legislation is led by Representatives LOISCAPPS and 
steps to facilitate the development of newborn and infant screening and intervention programs. This bill reauthorizes and makes further improvements to the Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Program, which supports detection and treatment for hearingimpaired newborns and young children. 
hearing loss increases the likelihood that intervention and treatment services can successfully prevent or limit developmental delays. Research shows that it can significantly improve quality of life and education outcomes for children with hearing impairments. The vast majority of deaf children are born to parents who do not have impaired hearing and who, therefore, may not be able to identify their children’s conditions early on. The outreach services provided for by the program reauthorized in this bill may help ensure 
on this issue. I thank Chairman U PTON , 
Ranking Member P ALLONE , and Chairman P ITTS for their work to advance 
this important legislation. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1344, the Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no further requests for time, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ), my colleague and a cosponsor 
of H.R. 1344, the Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act, which I was so pleased to coauthor with my colleague from Kentucky, Congressman BRETT GUTHRIE . 
Hearing loss in newborns is considered an invisible disability. Almost 3 out of every 1,000 children in the United States are born deaf or hard of hearing, and even more children lose their hearing later on during childhood. When hearing loss is left undetected, it can impede speech, language, and cognitive development; but we know that, when hearing loss is caught early, children have much better outcomes. In fact, early intervention can help children overcome hearing issues and get them ready to learn on par with their peers. 
That is exactly what the Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act does, pronounced ‘‘Eddie.’’ As it is commonly called, EHDI has helped families in all 50 States and the District of Columbia identify children in need of care early when interventions are most effective. 
worked. Since the implementation of the EHDI program 15 years ago, we have seen a tremendous increase in the number of newborns who are being screened for hearing loss. Back in 2000, when we first set up the EHDI program, only 44 percent of newborns in the country were being screened for hearing loss. Now we are screening newborns at a rate of over 96 percent. This is a remarkable achievement, but our work is not done. 
are screened for hearing loss, it is just as important that those babies who do not pass this screening receive a diagnostic evaluation and be connected to early intervention programs. Unfortunately, according to the Centers for Disease Control, 36 percent of newborns who fail their initial hearing screenings are not receiving appropriate followup care. This reauthorization effort will focus on those children, helping to bridge the gap between screening and intervention. My background is as a school nurse 
for over 20 years, and I have worked with so many students who were lagging behind their classmates due to undiagnosed or untreated hearing loss. 
need to suffer. We can and must help them succeed through stronger investments in followup and interventions, such as sign language training, hearing aids, and speechlanguage development. Early identification and intervention are both keys to a child’s well being. 
these programs are there for the children who need them. A vote for this bill is a vote to keep this program strong. I urge my colleagues to support our bipartisan bill. 
Speaker, I urge the support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank my friend from California (Mrs. CAPPS ) so much for our working 
forward. I thank our subcommittee ranking member, Mr. GREEN , and our 
I was involved in this effort in Kentucky when I was in the State Senate. I have seen the difference that it makes, and I am glad to be involved in this on a national level. Knowing that 97 percent of our babies are screened so they can get intervention and treatment very early in their lives makes a big difference. I am proud to be a part of this, and I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 1344. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 
1344, the ‘‘Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2015’’ introduced by my colleagues Representatives CAPPS and G UTHRIE . 
Hearing Detection and Intervention Program. Prior to the creation of this program, less than 50 percent of all newborns were regularly screened for hearing loss. I’m proud to say that thanks to this program about 97 percent of newborns now receive a hearing screening. Through this program, children gain early access to interventions and treatments that are critical in minimizing a hearingimpaired child’s risk of developmental delays, especially communication, social skills and cognition. H.R. 1344 would ensure that we continue to support this valuable public health program that has a proven track record of success. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1344, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
the table. NATIONAL ALL SCHEDULES PRESCRIPTION ELECTRONIC REPORTING REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1725) to amend and reauthorize the controlled substance monitoring program under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National All 
All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–60) is amended to read as follows: 
the accurate, timely prescription history information that they may use as a tool for the early identification of patients at risk for addiction in order to initiate appropriate medical interventions and avert the tragic personal, family, and community consequences of untreated addiction; and 
be improved’’ and inserting ‘‘program to be improved or maintained’’; 
‘‘(iii) a plan to apply the latest advances in 
health information technology in order to incorporate prescription drug monitoring 
prescribers and dispensers to ensure timely access to patients’ controlled prescription drug history;’’; 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘and include timelines for full implementation of such interoperability. The 
State shall also describe the manner in which it will achieve interoperability between its monitoring program and health information technology systems, as allowable under State law, and include timelines for implementation of such interoperability.’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘public health’’ and inserting ‘‘public health or public safety’’; and 
the controlled substance monitoring programs of Federal departments and agencies; 
health information technology systems such as electronic health records systems, health information exchanges, and eprescribing systems; and 
automatic, realtime or daily information about a patient when a practitioner (or the designee of a practitioner, where permitted) requests information about such patient.’’; 
striking ‘‘implementing or improving’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘establishing, improving, or maintaining’’; 
State substance abuse agency,’’ after ‘‘a State health department,’’; and 
the benefits of the system both to them and society; and 
monitoring program information with a health information technology system such as an electronic health records system, a health information exchange, or an eprescribing system.’’; 
District of Columbia’’ and inserting ‘‘, the District of Columbia, and any commonwealth or territory of the United States’’; 
To carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years from 2016 through 2020.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Reauthorization Act of 2015, introduced by my colleagues Mr. WHITFIELD , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. P ALLONE . 
Prescription drug abuse is an epidemic in this country, and, sadly, Kentucky is impacted by high rates of prescription drug abuse. Every year, there are 15,000 overdose deaths from prescription pain relievers. For every overdose death, there are an estimated 10 addiction treatment admissions and 32 emergency department visits. One important tool we have as a nation to combat this epidemic is Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs. They prevent doctor shopping and help physicians make more informed clinical decisions. 
Reauthorizing NASPER would provide grant support to States to establish Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs. Healthcare providers can access a patient’s prescription history through the PDMP to help them identify patients at risk for addiction or those who are abusing prescription drugs. NASPER also helps identify best practices for new PDMPs and ways to improve existing monitoring programs. 
support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1725, the National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Reauthorization Act. This important legislation is sponsored by Ranking Member PALLONE , Representatives J OEKENNEDY and E D 
urgently needed to ensure that physicians have patientspecific information through Prescription Drug Monitoring 
As its name suggests, PDMPs help physicians and other providers make appropriate prescribing decisions while ensuring that patients with legitimate pain management needs have access to necessary care. We are in the middle of an epidemic of prescription drug opioid misuse and overdose. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in 2013, more than 16,000 Americans died from an opioidrelated overdose. 
Nation’s effort to combat the ongoing opioid and prescription drug epidemic. They allow for the early identification of atrisk patients and timely intervention to prevent prescription drug abuse. States have recognized that PDMPs are a vital tool to address this public health crisis as demonstrated by their universal adoption amongst the States. 
States to enhance their PDMPs, and it makes further improvements to the programs. Funding for PDMPs is needed to help States utilize this effective tool, to incentivize information sharing across State lines, and to further the implementation of best practices. 
PALLONE and Representatives K ENNEDY , W HITFIELD , and B UCSHON for 
their leadership. I also want to thank my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee for their commitment to addressing our Nation’s opioid epidemic. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1725. 
minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ), who has 
worked tirelessly on these issues in the Energy and Commerce Committee and back home to try to address the prescription drug problem in our State. 
today in support of H.R. 1725, the National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Reauthorization Act, as we call it, NASPER. 
this year with my colleagues, Congressman LARRY BUCSHON of Indiana, 
It has already been stated, the importance of this legislation to reauthorize NASPER. Prescription drug overdose death is reaching an epidemic proportion. Tragically, it has increased in America by fivefold since 1980, and drug overdose now kills more Americans than automobile accidents. 
than 1,000 individuals die each year from prescription drug overdose, which 
prescription drug abuse through the creation and improvement of prescription drugmonitoring programs, which experts agree are one of the most promising clinical tools to address this epidemic. 
So today we come to the floor to reauthorize this important legislation, and I hope that we can continue our efforts to obtain adequate funding from the Appropriations Committee for NASPER. 
solve the problem, we do have an opportunity to make a difference by advancing this reauthorization act. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting that effort. 
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ), a colleague, friend, 
neighbor—our districts are joined on the Ohio River—who is a physician who understands these issues. 
today as an original coauthor of this legislation, H.R. 1725. The reauthorization of NASPER would allow SAMHSA to provide grants to States for the establishment, implementation, and improvement of prescription drugmonitoring programs, or PDMPs, offering timely access to accurate prescription information for healthcare providers. 
critical to a provider’s ability to screen and treat patients at risk for addiction. 
greater information sharing among States by requiring grantees to facilitate these monitoring programs with at least one bordering State while simultaneously protecting against unauthorized access to patient records. 
also encourage States to explore ways to incorporate access to their PDMPs into provider workflow systems, such as electronic health records and eprescribing. Given the growing problem of prescription drug abuse, this is a commonsense measure to protect the public. 
KENNEDY , and Ranking Member P ALLONE for their work on this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
It is important. It is important to my State, and it is important to our neighboring States and citizens throughout this country. 
1725. I yield back the balance of my time. 
to support H.R. 1725, the ‘‘National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting (NASPER) Reauthorization Act,’’ which helps States establish and maintain prescription drug monitoring programs in order to combat prescription drug abuse, a public health crisis affecting communities across the country. I have been a longtime champion of this bill with my colleague Representative WHITFIELD  
and I am pleased that Representatives K ENNEDY and B UCSHON joined our efforts this Congress to reauthorize the NASPER program. 
prescribers, pharmacists, and law enforcement track and prevent the misuse of prescription drugs. Forty nine states currently have laws authorizing these programs and they are playing a critical role in our efforts to combat the opioid crisis. This bill, however, once passed into law, will need funding and investment by appropriators in order to be effective. I urge Members to ensure that investment is met. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1725, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1462) to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
rise in the number of overdose deaths involving heroin. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the death rate for heroin overdose doubled from 2010 to 2012. 
with drug withdrawal in newborns due to exposure to opioids or other drugs in utero. 
pregnancy is not uncommon, and opioids are often the safest and most appropriate treatment for moderate to severe pain for pregnant women. 
focus on women of childbearing age, pregnant women, and infants from preconception through early childhood. 
opioids, it is most appropriate to treat and manage maternal substance use in a nonpunitive manner. 
the increasing use of heroin and abuse of opioids prescribed for pain management, as well as the increased rate of NAS in the United States, it is important to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of planning and coordination of Federal efforts on prenatal opioid use and NAS’’. 
PREVENTING AND TREATING PRENATAL OPIOID ABUSE AND NEONATAL ABSTINENCE SYNDROME. 
and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’), acting through the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’), shall conduct a study and develop recommendations for preventing and treating prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome, soliciting input from nongovernmental entities, including organizations representing patients, health care providers, hospitals, other treatment facilities, and other entities, as appropriate. 
research with respect to the prevention, identification, treatment, and longterm outcomes of neonatal abstinence syndrome, including the identification and treatment of pregnant women or women who may become pregnant who use opioids or other drugs; 
use disorders among women of reproductive age, including pregnant women; 
opioid use disorders among women of reproductive age, including pregnant and postpartum women and women with young children; 
system to respond to and treat pregnant women with opioid use disorders and infants born with neonatal abstinence syndrome; 
women of reproductive age, including pregnant women, who may be at risk of developing opioid dependence. 
shall lead a review of planning and coordination within the Department of Health and Human Services related to prenatal opioid use and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
for pregnant and postpartum women and for newborns with neonatal abstinence syndrome; and 
efforts to address prenatal opioid use or neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall, as appropriate— 
to improve the availability and quality of data collection and surveillance activities regarding neonatal abstinence syndrome, including— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G UTHRIE ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015, introduced by my colleagues, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts and Mr. S TIVERS. 
addiction has risen dramatically in the United States, reaching epidemic proportions. The death rate for heroin overdose doubled in just 2 years, from 2010 to 2012. 
One of the issues that has arisen as a 
result of this epidemic is neonatal abstinence syndrome, known as NAS. 
opioids and suffer medical issues associated with drug withdrawal. Symptoms can last for weeks, keeping otherwise healthy infants confined to the hospital at the start of their lives. 
NAS can result from the use of prescription drugs or from the use of illegal opioids. Sadly, over the past 15 years, a prevalence of NAS has tripled in the United States. This is a rapidly growing problem that needs to be addressed for the safety of our mothers and children. 
H.R. 1462 would address the increasing problem of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. Preventing opioid abuse among pregnant women and women of childbearing age is crucial in addressing NAS. 
The Government Accountability Office has identified that more research is needed in this area to help treat babies born with NAS and mothers addicted to opioids. 
research gap by studying issues and developing recommendations for preventing and treating prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1462, the Protecting Our Infants Act, led by Representatives KATHERINE CLARK and 
Prevention has found drug overdose to be the leading cause of injury death in the United States. 
New England Journal of Medicine, from 2004 to 2013, the incidence rate of neonatal abstinence syndrome, NAS, has quadrupled. 
in newborns associated with drug withdrawal due to exposure to opioids and other drugs during pregnancy. 
weeks of hospitalization and can suffer from seizures and other severe complications. 
research to facilitate the identification and treatment of infants with NAS and determine longterm health impacts. 
specific research gaps related to best practices for treating pregnant women with opioid use disorders, the long term effects of prenatal drug exposure, and best practices in the screening, diagnosis, and treatment of NAS. 
proactive steps to help reduce the number of newborns born exposed to opioids and other drugs and to improve their care if they are exposed. 
recommendations for treatment and coordinate a national strategy to close the known gaps in research and coordination. It will also help States improve data collection and surveillance activities. 
for their leadership. I also want to thank Chairman UPTON , Ranking Member P ALLONE , Chairman P ITTS, and my 
colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee for advancing this important legislation. 
minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ). 
Speaker, every day in hospitals across the Third Congressional District of West Virginia and the country babies begin their lives going through drug withdrawal because they were exposed during pregnancy. As you have heard, it is the diagnosis known as neonatal abstinence syndrome, or NAS. 
his or her life in withdrawal from heroin or other opioids. But, sadly, the rate of babies born with NAS, again, as you have heard, has skyrocketed nationally. 
providing innovative care for newborns with NAS, but there are still gaps in research and our understanding of how best to care for our most vulnerable. 
makes significant strides in addressing this nationwide gap and developing these strategies, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill. 
West Virginia has been at the forefront of this epidemic, with NAS rates much higher than the national average. Our nurses and doctors are tirelessly 
working to care for newborns with NAS, and having additional resources and research will only further their efforts in providing the best possible care. 
I have met with caregivers throughout my district to discuss their approaches to treating NAS, and I know this legislation will help in their efforts to treat these babies. 
that newborns receive the absolute best care, we must also address the issue of addiction in pregnant and postnatal women. 
and develop treatment methods for expectant mothers with opioid addictions, leading to healthier outcomes for mother and baby alike. 
impacts urban, rural, and suburban areas. Nearly every district in America has been touched by heroin and opioid addiction. We must address the impact this addiction has on our most vulnerable in society, our newborn babies. 
for her efforts on this important legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ), the cosponsor of the bill. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. 
opiate epidemic, an epidemic that knows no boundaries and destroys lives, families, and communities. 
minutes—will be born suffering from the same pain adults describe as the worst pain of their lives. It is the pain of drug withdrawal. 
NAS for short, occurs when babies are born dependent on opioids, and it is one of the chief causes of the significant surge of newborns in neonatal intensive care units across the Nation. 
infants born dependent on powerful drugs has grown nearly fivefold. In States like Massachusetts, NAS is occurring at a rate three times the national average. 
NAS births are five times more costly than healthy ones. Costs have risen to more than $1.5 billion a year, 80 percent of which are paid for by Medicaid. 
NAS cases and costs, doctors are desperately trying to find the most effective method of diagnosis and treatment. 
and best practices and protocols among States, healthcare systems, and practitioners; and no medications have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for treating these babies. The Protecting Our Infants Act is the 
first Federal bill to take proactive steps in addressing the rise of NAS. With broad bipartisan support in both Chambers, this is an opportunity for Congress to make a difference for babies suffering from opioid exposure and the families struggling with addiction. 
Health and Human Services to develop the protocols for treating and preventing NAS. The Protecting Our Infants Act helps babies suffering from opioid withdrawal by making sure they get the best care available. 
This act will ensure that every hospital has access to the best practices and that States have the public health data they need to address this crisis. This is good for families, good for our healthcare providers, and good for our Nation’s bottom line. 
House and, in particular, Congressman STEVE STIVERS for his partnership in 
this bill. I am grateful for his deep commitment to addressing this problem and crafting a solution. I am also grateful to Senators MCCONNELL and 
I urge my colleagues to pass the bipartisan Protecting Our Infants Act. 
today to support a bill that my colleague from Massachusetts, Representative KATHERINE CLARK , and I introduced, H.R. 1462, the Protect Our Infants Act. I want to thank Representative CLARK for her leadership, her hard 
This bill has the support of 95 bipartisan cosponsors. It is a targeted effort to address a national epidemic of babies being born addicted to drugs. 
issue, called neonatal abstinence syndrome, is sadly on the rise throughout the country. A baby is born with neonatal abstinence syndrome every 25 minutes, and symptoms can last for months and lead to weeks of hospitalization and have a lifelong impact. 
A report by the Journal of the American Medical Association showed that the number of newborns diagnosed with NAS tripled from 2000 to 2009. In my home State of Ohio, the rate of neonatal abstinence syndrome grew over 600 percent between 2004 and 2011. 
healthcare system and Ohio’s families. Treating newborns with NAS was associated with over $70 million in charges and approximately 19,000 hospital stays, and that was back in 2011. It has been on the rise ever since. 
to our families and especially devastating to the youngest among us, the 
I recently heard from a grandmother to three babies who were born with NAS. She was pleading for help for her innocent grandchildren, and she wanted to make sure we did something about this terrible disease. 
in my district has been strong to our bill. There is a healthcare system called Adena Regional Medical Center in Chillicothe, Ohio, and they actually have an incredible program which was piloted with a bunch of OB/GYNs, and they started with just 15 pregnant women who were addicted to drugs, and they have served those women. Now, they are on their second class to try to get those women off of drugs before they deliver. 
the support of the Adena Health System, none of the women in that group delivered a baby with NAS. Due to the success of the pilot, there is a permanent program that is starting now, and it already has a wait list, so I am really excited to say that there are people out there showing real leadership. 
opiate roundtable in my district to bring together a lot of issues, and we talked about this bill and how important it was, so I am so proud that it is on the floor today. 
to support the Protecting Our Infants Act, H.R. 1462, to help our Nation’s most innocent citizens. Again, I want to thank KATHERINE CLARK for her incredible leadership on this bill and her commitment. 
Speaker, I have no other speakers, and in closing, I encourage our colleagues to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, during 
the hearing in the Committee on Energy and Commerce, one of the physicians testifying, a neonatologist, turned out to practice with my first cousin, so I got to do research further into what is moving forward in this bill. 
stories about how important it is and how critical this is and how sad it is for children to be born addicted and how the opportunity is for us to help. 
friend from Ohio, Mr. S TIVERS . I would 
encourage all my colleagues to vote for H.R. 1462, Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 
1462 the ‘‘Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015.’’ This legislation would address the urgent need for a comprehensive strategy for one of the harmful outcome of our nation’s opioid epidemic. Neonatal abstinence syndrome, or NAS, occurs in newborns who were exposed to opioids, including pain killers, while in their mother’s womb. NAS is associated with negative health outcomes like preterm births and low birthweight. I’m saddened to say that the opioid epidemic has resulted in a steep increase in the occurrence of NAS over the past decade. H.R. 1462 would require HHS to develop recommendations for the treatment and prevention of prenatal opiate abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. It would also require the collection of data to better monitor the problem. 
CLARK for her leadership on this issue and I 
urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this necessary legislation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2820) to reauthorize the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stem Cell 
end the following: ‘‘and $23,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’; and 
the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 274m) is amended by striking ‘‘2011 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. 
of H.R. 2820, the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2015, introduced by my colleagues CHRIS SMITH and D ORIS MATSUI . 
been used for more than 50 years to treat bloodrelated diseases, such as leukemia, different anemias, and lymphoma. It is a rich source of blood stem cells. In more recent years, breakthroughs have been made using blood stem cells from umbilical cord blood in the treatment of those various bloodrelated diseases and conditions. 
It can be very difficult to find a bone 
marrow transplant match, and in some cases, cord blood can be used instead. Bone marrow and cord blood donation are critical to ensure those in need of 
transplant can find a match. The need for this lifesaving transplantation has risen 25 percent since 2005. 
Marrow Donor Program and creates a national network of public cord blood banks. The legislation also provides healthcare professionals the ability to search for bone marrow and umbilical cord blood units for transplantation. 
H.R. 2820 also bolsters patient and advocacy services; provides for public and professional education; and collects, analyzes, and reports data on transplant outcomes. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
2820, the Stem Cell Therapeutic Research Reauthorization Act. This important legislation is championed by Representatives DORIS MATSUI and 
and Services Administration, nearly 20,000 patients in the United States need a bone marrow or cord blood transplant each year. Stem cells from both cord blood and bone marrow are used to treat nearly 80 lifesaving diseases, including cancers, blood diseases, and immune disorders. 
cord blood donation, the continuation of the national bone marrow registry, and critical medical research. This legislation reauthorizes the C. W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program, which includes the National Marrow Donor Program. 
of lifesaving transplants find matching bone marrow donors or cord blood units. It also includes a stem cell therapeutic outcomes database, which facilitates research to better understand the matching process. This legislation will give hope of access to patients and their families in need of a curative transplant. 
PALLONE , Chairman P ITTS, and my colleagues on the Committee on Energy and Commerce for advancing this important legislation. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2820. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), my good friend. 
my good friend Mr. G UTHRIE for yielding and for his support on this important legislation. 
with Hurler syndrome at 15 months old, a rare and lifethreatening metabolic disorder. He had a curved spine, and he could not walk. 
blood transplant facilitated through the Carolinas Cord Blood Bank, Maalik is running around and is expected to have a normal lifespan. His mother, Krystal, said: ‘‘My son is extremely happy now. He is energetic and more independent. The transplant saved his life.’’ 
In like manner, bone marrow donations provide lifesaving transplants for a myriad of diseases. Clara was only 4 months old when she was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia. John had registered with the National Marrow Donor Program Be The Match as a bone marrow donor when Clara was only 17 days old. It turned out it was a perfect match for Clara. John’s donation saved Clara’s life. She is now thriving at 2 years of age. 
wisdom and goodness created a placenta and an umbilical cord to nurture and protect the precious life of an unborn child, but now, we find He has left a great gift behind. Immediately after birth, something very special is left behind, cord blood that is teeming with lifesaving stem cells. 
Breathtaking scientific breakthroughs have turned medical waste— postbirth placentas and umbilical cord blood—into medical miracles, treating more than 80 diseases, including leukemia, lymphoma, and sickle cell anemia. 
Kurtzberg of Duke University and president of the Cord Blood Association told Chairman PITTS’ subcommittee on 
June 25 that sickle cell anemia can be cured with cord blood transplantation and that it has become one of the most optimal donor sources for patients with sickle cell disease. 
House today, reauthorizes through 2020 the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, a law I sponsored a decade ago, joined by Artur Davis of Alabama, legislation that cleared the Senate with the incomparable help of Senator ORRIN HATCH . 
work of our distinguished late colleague Bill Young of Florida to facilitate bone marrow transplants and created a brandnew national umbilical cord blood donation and transplantation program. 
outstanding leadership and help on this bill, as well as the strong support by Ranking Members PALLONE and my 
sponsors, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. J OLLY , and 
and special thanks to Adrianna Simonelli, Katie Novaria, and Megan McCrum. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, under the National Cord Blood Inventory program, contracts are awarded to cord blood banks to collect cord blood units donated after their mothers give birth. These units are then made available through the C. W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program, also called the Be The Match Registry. 
of access, enabling those in need of lifesaving transplants to search for a match via an integrated nationwide network of bone marrow and cord blood stem cells. 
the heart of the success of this program. In reauthorizing it, we are grateful for the adult donors willing to donate bone marrow or peripheral blood stem cells, as well as mothers who donate their baby’s cord blood to public 
through the NCBI, including the New Jersey Cord Blood Bank in my home State, which collects cord blood from five participating hospitals. 
well that, in addition to treating more than 80 diseases, cord blood units from the NCBI banks are also available for research on future therapies. 
that, ‘‘in addition to use in patients with malignant and genetic diseases, cord blood is showing enormous potential for use in cellular therapies and other regenerative medicine. Cord blood derived vaccines against viruses and certain types of cancers are currently under development and in early phase clinical trials. Cells, manufactured from cord blood units are being developed to boost recovery of the immune system. Cells regulating autoimmunity are also in clinical trials. These approaches, which often utilize cord blood banked in family banks, may help patients with type 1 diabetes, as well as other diseases,’’ she testified just a few months ago. 
past 6 years, we have initiated trials of the patient’s own cord blood in babies with birth asphyxia, cerebral palsy, hearing loss’’; and she is doing some incredible work on an issue that I have worked on for over 20 years, and that is the issue and the disability known as autism. Dr. Kurtzberg finally said, ‘‘We’ve 
learned that when a donor cells are infused into one’s body, they go to the brain and help heal the brain. When a child has a brain injury around birth, we can use their own cord blood cells to correct the damage that’s occurred.’’ 
he is the CEO for it—noted that for many diseases, including blood cancers and sickle cell disease, cellular therapy is the best hope for a cure. 
Celgene Corporation of Summit, New Jersey, to learn of their extraordinary efforts to use cord blood to heal diabetic foot ulcers, and they now have turned amniotic membrane, an old placenta, into wound management that has now advanced—it is on the market—past stage 3 clinical trials. 
authorizes $265 million over 5 years and will ensure that thousands of present day and future patients benefit from this exciting field of regenerative medicine. 
We have only just begun. This legislation furthers that work. And again, I thank my colleagues for this bipartisan support. 
Hurler Syndrome at 15 months old—a rare and lifethreatening metabolic disorder. He had a curved spine and could not walk. After receiving an umbilical cord blood transplant facilitated through the Carolina Blood Bank, Maalik is running around and expected to have a normal lifespan. His mother Krystal told the Herald Sun newspaper in North Carolina, ‘‘My son is extremely happy now . . . He’s energetic, and more independent. The transplant saved his life.’’ 
In like manner, bone marrow donations provide lifesaving transplants to treat diseases like blood cancer or inherited metabolic or immune system disorders. Clara was only 4 months old when she was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia. John had registered with the National Marrow Donor Program (NMDP) Be the Match as a bone marrow donor when Clara was only 17 days old. It turned out he was a perfect match for Clara. John’s donation saved Clara’s life, she is now 
pounds—and diagnosed with severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID). Her doctor treated her with chemotherapy followed by a cord blood transplant. 5 months after the transplant Valentina weighed 21 pounds and doctors credited her strengthened immune system from the stem cells in cord blood. 
Jennifer, 45, was suffering from acute myeloid leukemia but unable to find a matched bonemarrow transplant. Because of the high rate of tissue type diversity among racial and ethnic minorities it can be difficult to find a matched bone marrow transplant, but umbilical cord blood can be successfully used for treatment with a less perfect match of tissue type. After undergoing chemotherapy and radiation she received a cord blood transplant, and is now living cancer free. 
Not only has God in His wisdom and goodness created a placenta and umbilical cord to nurture and protect the precious life of an unborn child, but now we know that another gift awaits us immediately after birth. Something very special is left behind—cord blood that is teeming with lifesaving stem cells. 
turned medical waste—post birth placentas and umbilical cord blood—into medical miracles treating more than 80 diseases including leukemia, lymphoma and sickle cell anemia. 
As a matter of fact, Dr. Joanne Kurtzberg of 
Duke University and President of the Cord Blood Association told Chairman PITTS’ Health 
Subcommittee on June 25 that sickle cell anemia can be ‘‘cured’’ with cord blood transplantation and that ‘‘it has become one of the optimal donor sources for patients with sickle cell disease’’ because it doesn’t have to be perfectly matched. 
House today reauthorizes through 2020 the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005 a law that I sponsored a decade ago joined by Artur Davis of Alabama; legislation that cleared the Senate with the incomparable help of Senator ORRIN HATCH . That law built 
upon the excellent work of our distinguished late colleague Bill Young of Florida to facilitate bone marrow transplants and created a brand new national umbilical cord blood donation and transplantation program. 
on this bill, as well as the strong support by Ranking Members PALLONE and G REEN . I am 
deeply grateful to original cosponsors Ms. MATSUI , Mr. J OLLY and Mr. F ATTAH for their important contributions. And special thanks to Katie Novaria, Adrianna Simonelli, and Megan McCrum. 
Cord Blood Inventory Program (NCBI), contracts are awarded to cord blood banks to collect cord blood units donated after mothers give birth. These units are then made available through the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program also called the Be the Match Registry. The Program provides a single point of access, enabling those in need of lifesaving transplants to search for a match via an integrated nationwide network of bone marrow donors and cord blood stem cells. The Program’s Bone Marrow and Cord Blood Coordinating Centers makes information about bone marrow and cord blood transplant available to donors and patients, and the Office of Patient Advocacy helps support patients and families dealing with a lifethreatening diagnosis. And the Stem Cell Therapeutic Outcomes Database tracks results. 
of the success of this program. In reauthorizing it we are grateful for the adult donors willing to donate bone marrow or peripheral blood stem cells, as well as mothers who donate their babies’ cord blood through public cord blood banks. 
through NCBI, including the New Jersey Cord Blood Bank in my home state, which collects cord blood from 5 participating hospitals. 
Services Administration (HRSA), every year 18,000 people in the U.S. are diagnosed with illnesses for which blood stem cell transplantation from a matched donor is their best treatment option. Of this number, only about 30% 
have a sibling who can be the ideal matched donor, so about 12,600 people annually depend on the programs made available by this law to find an unrelated adult marrow donor or cord blood unit for treatment. 
about one half of the growth in stem cell transplants since NCBI was established in 2005. More NCBI units have been released for transplantation with each successive year since the program’s inception. 
diseases, cord blood units from NCBI banks are also made available for research on future therapies. In groundbreaking research, Dr. Kurtzberg of Duke University also testified last June that ‘‘in addition to use in patients with malignant and genetic diseases, cord blood is showing enormous potential for use in cellular therapies and regenerative medicine. Cord blood derived vaccines against viruses and certain types of cancers are currently under development and in early phase clinical trials. Cells manufactured from cord blood units are being developed to boost recovery of the immune system. Cells regulating autoimmunity (Regulatory T cells) are also in clinical trials. These approaches, which often utilize cord blood banked in family banks, may help patients with Type 1 Diabetes, as well as other diseases.’’ 
others are developing uses for cord blood to treat acquired brain disorders. ‘‘Over the past six years’’ she said ‘‘we have initiated trials of autologous (the patient’s own) cord blood in babies with birth asphyxia, cerebral palsy, hearing loss and autism . . .’’ 
that when donor cells are infused into one’s body, they go to the brain and help heal the brain. When a child has a brain injury around birth, we can use their own cord blood cells to correct the damage that’s occurred.’’ 
Match noted that for many diseases including blood cancers and sickle cell disease, cellular therapy is the best hope for a cure. He told Chairman PITTS’ subcommittee that the patient 
population ‘‘rising the most quickly is the elderly population . . . growing by double digits every year, and the reason for that is the medical conditions for which transplant is often the only cure tend to occur in older populations for diseases like acute myeloid leukemia, myelodysplastic syndrome, myelofibrosis and others.’’ 
Corporation of Summit, New Jersey to learn of their extraordinary efforts to use cord blood to heal diabetic foot ulcers and how they’ve turned amniotic membrane—an old placenta— into wound management that has now advanced past stage 3 clinical trials to the approval and regulatory filings stage. 
years and will ensure that thousands of presentday and future patients benefit from the exciting field of regenerative medicine. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close with a quick story. 
name is Philip Schardein, and I am great friends with his family. He went 
off to play golf in college—great athlete. All of a sudden, he came down with leukemia, and I remember that there were some issues at first about his sister being able to donate bone marrow. 
So my town, Bowling Green, Kentucky, organized a bone marrow drive to see if anybody could match Philip Schardein. I have probably never been more proud to call myself a resident of the hometown of Bowling Green than that day. I remember going three times, and it was so overwhelmed with volunteers trying to have their bone marrow, the blood type, to see if they matched, that it just overwhelmed the system. 
late in the afternoon, and people waited all day to see if they could match and help Philip Schardein. And God bless, for whatever reason his sister couldn’t donate, it turned out that she could donate, and he is a healthy person now with family and children, and everything is going well. 
was in Holiday World with my family. I was having a day with them. My cell phone rang, and it turned out I had matched, because of going to get my bone marrow tested, or my blood tested, that I matched someone. The lady got on the phone, and she told me what it takes to be a donor and, Will you be willing to move forward? I said, Of course. 
I remember the reason I said I was at 
Holiday World was because I remember standing there going, here I am with my family having fun, laughing and having a great afternoon, and there is some family somewhere that is anonymous, not having the same experience, probably trying to figure out if their loved one is going to live or survive or what is going to be the prognosis. 
remember going through, having my blood taken and several of the steps. Just getting close to the actual time to do the bone marrow transplant, for whatever reason, we got notified that it wasn’t going forward. It could do that for many reasons. One, hopefully, is the anonymous person was cured or the prognosis was better, or maybe a sibling or something matched like it did for Philip Schardein. 
life on the other end, because they don’t tell you for reason of anonymity, and it is just something that has always weighed on my mind. Even sitting here and getting ready to close, I was thinking about who was on the other end, and I hope that they have a good story, as well as Philip Schardein. 
But what I want to stress is how important it is that families in need and worry and wondering what is going to happen with their loved ones, and the loved ones themselves, and this is something we can do. It was a little thing that I was able to do, that we all were able to do in my community, and 
try to help people live long and fruitful lives. 
Our prayers were answered with Philip Schardein, and this is an opportunity for us to come together, in a bipartisan way, as all the bills were. 
been through four bills in the last hour, and they are dealing with touching families, and every one of them has been bipartisan. We have been able to come together and find where we agree and work together, that we can work for infants, for families suffering with leukemia and other blood disorders, for infants with opioid addiction, for parents who have children with early hearing detection, and that is where we have been able to come together and work together. 
Member GREEN in bringing us all together, and our subcommittee chairman, Mr. PITTS. 
and I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 2820. I appreciate my friend, Mr. SMITH, for bringing it forward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 820, the 
‘‘Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act,’’ would continue critical federal support for the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program. This program includes the Be the Match registry for bone marrow and umbilical cord blood transplantation which continues to provide hope to people in need of a lifesaving transplants. 
life saving transplants are unable to find a match within their family and therefore require a nonrelative donor. That is why the Be the Match Registry and its nearly 12.5 million registered bone marrow donors and collection of more than 209,000 cord blood units is so important. The Program also supports the collection and use of transplantation data to advance medical research. 
I’d like to thank Representative DORIS MATSUIfor her leadership in this area and I urge 
my colleagues to support H.R. 2820 to ensure that the lifesaving Be the Match registry continues. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1359) to allow manufacturers to meet warranty and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Internet websites, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1359 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
prefer to have the option to provide or receive warranty information online. 
is necessary to allow the United States to continue to compete globally in manufacturing, trade, and the development of consumer products connected to the Internet. 
would expand consumer access to relevant consumer information in an environmentally friendly way, and would provide additional flexibility to manufacturers to meet their labeling and warranty requirements. 
‘‘(ii) providing to the consumer (or prospective consumer) information with respect to how to obtain and review such terms by indicating on the product or product packaging or in the product manual— 
‘‘(II) the phone number of the manufacturer, the postal mailing address of the manufacturer, or another reasonable nonInternet based means of contacting the manufacturer to obtain and review such terms. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2015 modernizes current warranty requirements by allowing manufacturers to post product warranty information online. 
crafting bipartisan legislation opening a path for manufacturers to conduct their business more efficiently in the digital age. 
better access to warranty information, while retaining flexibility for sellers and reducing costs for manufacturers. The Energy and Commerce Committee unanimously forwarded the companion bill, H.R. 3154, to the House floor in July after consideration by the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade. 
how the use of the Internet and other advanced technologies is generating great advances for consumers and creating jobs. Simple things like this will create savings across multiple industries. 
roll back outdated regulations that slow down our ecommerce, economy and hurt jobs. This legislation does just that by bringing warranty regulations into the 21st century. I urge my colleagues to vote for S. 1359. 
of S. 1359, the EWarranty Act of 2015. I am pleased the House is considering this bipartisan, bicameral legislation. S. 1359 is identical to H.R. 3154, the E Warranty Act of 2015, which I was very, very happy to introduce with my good friend, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). 
bring product warranties into the 21st century by allowing warranty information to be posted online. This solution makes sense for both manufacturers and consumers, as many of which prefer the option of providing or receiving warranty information in electronic rather than paper form. 
easily, without worrying that it will be lost or discarded. 
this bill forward, and I urge support for this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ), the author of the 
Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Chairman B URGESS and the committee for allowing this bill to come to the floor. This is one of those commonsense bills that brings a regulation that was put in place nearly 40 years ago and brings it to today’s technology. 
unanimous consent and is identical to H.R. 3154 that Congressman LOEBSACK  
and I introduced and which passed the committee by voice vote. This bipartisan EWarranty Act of 2015 gives manufacturers the option of fulfilling their warranty notice requirements by posting the information on the Web site. 
stated earlier, was developed nearly 40 years ago. The world has changed since then, and, like many regulations, this has become outdated. Warranty requirements ensure consumers get important information when they purchase a product, and we need to make sure the methods for delivering this information keep pace with innovation. 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, it appears that I have no further speakers, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
just simply add that I encourage all Members to vote in favor of the legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1359, the EWarranty Act. And I want to thank Mr. LOEBSACK and Mr. M ULLIN  
The bill directs the Federal Trade Commission to amend its current rules on warranty notice to allow the presale notice requirements to be fulfilled by making warranty information available online. While I support this commonsense proposal, I would like to highlight one point that the bill rightly acknowledges—there are many consumers and small business owners without Internet access. 
the product manufacturers be made available so consumers may obtain warranty information by nonelectronic means. To ensure that consumers and small business owners without Internet access are not disadvantaged, this Committee expects the FTC to require that consumers be provided with a tollfree phone number and warrantors respond to nonInternet requests for free and in a timely manner. 
changes its rules pursuant to this bill, it will maintain the protections that currently exist for consumers and small business owners who do not have Internet access, including requiring manufacturers to ensure sellers can fulfill their obligations under the bill and the rules. This bill will help modernize the rules regarding presale warranty notice by allowing warranty information to be made available online. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 57 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. WALORSKI ) at 6 o’clock 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on the motion to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1359), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 388, nays 2, not voting 43, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock 
Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter 
Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey 
Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes 
O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Cramer DeFazio DeSantis Dingell Duckworth Forbes Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Harris Herrera Beutler Higgins Huffman Hultgren Kelly (IL) Kildee Kirkpatrick Loudermilk Lummis Maloney, Sean Marino McCollum Mulvaney 
Poliquin Quigley Rangel Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Rush Shimkus Tiberi Torres Vela´zquez 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Stated for: Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Madam Speaker, I was 
unavoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Tuesday, September 8, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 490 in support of the EWarranty Act of 2015. 
490 (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass S. 1359), I was unavoidably detained and did not cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted, ‘‘yea’’ on this vote. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 490, I was unavoidably detained (delayed flight—weather). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 490, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SPECIAL OLYMPICS LAW ENFORCEMENT TORCH RUN 
ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 70, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
LEHTINEN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
Senate concurring), SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF USE OF CAPITOL 
GROUNDS FOR D.C. SPECIAL OLYMPICS LAW ENFORCEMENT TORCH RUN. 
On October 16, 2015, or on such other date 
as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate may jointly designate, the 30th annual District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’) may be run through the Capitol Grounds to carry the Special Olympics torch to honor local Special Olympics athletes. 
actions as may be necessary to carry out the event. 
CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE 2ND ANNUAL FALLEN FIREFIGHTERS CONGRESSIONAL FLAG PRESENTATION CEREMONY 
ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 73, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
Services Institute and the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation (in this resolution referred to jointly as the ‘‘sponsor’’) shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, the 2nd Annual Fallen Firefighters Congressional Flag Presentation Ceremony (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’), on the Capitol Grounds in order to honor the firefighters who died in the line of duty in 2014. 
prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall be— 
the Capitol, the sponsor is authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplification devices, and other related structures and equipment as may be required for the event. 
The Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board are authorized to make such additional arrangements as may be required to carry out the event. 
CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR AN EVENT TO COMMEMORATE THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MILLION MAN MARCH 
ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 74, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
EVENT TO COMMEMORATE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF MILLION MAN MARCH. 
2015 (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘sponsor’’) shall be permitted to sponsor a public event on the Capitol Grounds to commemorate the 20th Anniversary of the Million Man March (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’). 
held on October 10, 2015, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate jointly designate. 
prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall be— 
the Capitol, the sponsor is authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplification devices, and other related structures and equipment, as may be required for the event. 
The Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board are authorized to make any such additional arrangements that may be required to carry out the event. 
unanimous consent that I be removed as a cosponsor from H.R. 3412. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
would ask that members of the Virginia congregation join me here in the well. 
with my fellow members of the delegation from the Commonwealth of Virginia, I rise today with a heavy heart. 
shaken by a tragic incident during which WDBJ7 journalists Alison Parker and Adam Ward were killed in an act of senseless, heartbreaking violence. Vicki Gardner, head of the Smith Mountain Lake Regional Chamber of Commerce, was seriously injured in the shooting. She has recently been discharged from the hospital and continues her recovery. 
graduated from Martinsville High School, attended Patrick Henry Community College, and went on to James Madison University’s School of Media Arts and Design. After she graduated, Alison joined the news team at WCTI 12 in North Carolina before, last year, landing a job reporting for the Mornin’ Show at WDBJ in Roanoke, where she worked on the news team with Adam. It is a TV station that broadcasts into her hometown and into Adam’s hometown. 
Botetourt, but was described as ‘‘truly a Salem Spartan, born and bred.’’ He started attending school at Andrew Lewis Middle School in the seventh grade, later playing football for Salem High. Adam fulfilled another dream by attending Virginia Tech and becoming a proud member of the Hokie Nation. 
Alison and Adam were cheerful, hardworking, exuberant, and muchloved members of the WDBJ family who are and will continue to be missed. 
Our community is grieving and coping. We are asking for comfort and healing. We are reflecting on Alison’s and Adam’s lives while also praying for Vicki’s ongoing recovery. 
to join me, my colleagues from the Commonwealth, and our community in a moment of silent prayer. 
this evening to pay tribute to an historic, distinguished former Member of this Chamber—Louis Stokes of Cleveland, Ohio. 
August 18, at the age of 90, with his loving wife of 55 years, Jeanette, by his side. 
the Ohio delegation, I would like to express our deep sadness and enduring gratitude for the life of Louis Stokes. 
housing, with his brother, Carl, and their widowed mother, life was hard, but Lou triumphed over hardship to become a passionate voice for the less fortunate. He gave his life to public service, serving 3 years in the Army before using the benefits he earned under the GI Bill to attend college and law school; and, I might say, he served in a segregated Army. He worked closely with the NAACP and argued the landmark stop and frisk case, Terry v. Ohio, before the U.S. Supreme Court. 
as an everpresent voice for people of color and vulnerable communities across this country, playing a role to help found the Congressional Black Caucus in 1971. He was a foundational figure. His leadership was also historic, as he was the first African American Member of Congress ever elected to represent Ohio. Lou’s resume in the 
House included stints as chairman of the select committee that investigated the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King, Jr., from 1976 to 1978; as chairman of the House Ethics Committee; as a member of the House select committee that investigated the IranContra affair; and as the first Black person to chair the Intelligence Committee and serve on the influential House Appropriations Committee and chair its Subcommittee on Veterans, Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies. 
an interview to the Cleveland Plain Dealer. He said: ‘‘I was a very blessed guy . . . I’ve been blessed with the opportunity to participate in history, to rise to opportunities I never envisioned . . . and to provide for people opportunities that, in many cases, they would have never had.’’ 
of this historic champion. It is we who are blessed to have worked alongside Congressman Stokes; and our thoughts and prayers are with his wife, Jeanette; his beautiful daughters Angela, Shelley, and Lori; son, Chuck; and seven grandchildren. Our thoughts and prayers are with all of them during this difficult time of loss. 
Ohio delegation, I ask that the House observe a moment of silence in memory of the legendary, transformative life of former Congressman Louis Stokes, and I thank you all. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Madam Speaker, this week, we will debate and vote on one of the most consequential national security and foreign policy issues that we have faced in quite some time—the Iran nuclear agreement. 
enrich uranium and to keep in place nearly every key aspect of its nuclear program. It also provides an economic lifeline to the Iranian regime, with billions of dollars in sanctions relief, which will fund Iran’s support for terror and its other acts of belligerence in the region. 
on Iran, lifts sanctions on its ballistic missile program, and lifts certain sanctions on the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps and its leader, like Qasem Soleimani. 
statement—this is the grim reality of the situation. This deal, as it has been presented to Congress and to the American people, will not prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state. As such, it is incumbent upon us to reject this weak and dangerous Iran nuclear agreement this week. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
would like to just take a minute to join with Congresswoman KAPTUR , 
back, and I just want to say there were so many great stories that came about through his passing—from his family and from his grandkids, who gave beautiful eulogies, stories of their grandfather. 
This is just to say, when I first got to 
the United States Congress as a young Congressman of 29 years old, it was Congressman Stokes who sat in my office, who gave me counsel, who was always there and was always in a good mood, who was always joking and playing around and having a good time; but he took his job very seriously and took being a Member of Congress very seriously. 
about him was, no matter how high up the ladder he moved, he always had time. Whether it was for a young boy or girl in Cleveland or a new Congressman from Youngstown, he had time. He shared his advice, and he shared his counsel. He was such a remarkable man. 
When you think of the word ‘‘gentleman,’’ that was Congressman Lou Stokes. He was a gentle man and, I think, embodied the kind of character we want our young men in Ohio to look up to and aspire to be. 
the House floor to thank him for all he did for me and all he did for Ohio and all he did for this country. He was a great man, and he will be missed. Our hearts and our prayers go out to him and his family. 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
the House will vote against the nuclear arms race in the Middle East. 
Putin’s getting new missiles for Iran to hit Europe—even America—with a nuclear bomb. 
Iran $50 billion to hand to ISIS, Hamas, Hezbollah, and al Qaeda. 
Christians held in jails in Iran. The House will vote for the survival of our greatest ally, Israel. 
World peace needs American leadership. The world has had 7 years of America’s leading from behind. I ask my colleagues to join me in 
voting for new American leadership and world peace. Vote to disapprove of President Obama’s deal with Iran. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
past year, our Nation has witnessed an unspeakable tragedy—a rivalry of law enforcement officers and the communities they work so hard to protect. 
From riots in Ferguson and Baltimore to, most recently, the individual targeting and murdering of police officers, our Nation is at a crossroads. 
We find ourselves asking: When will the rule of law and those 
threatening chants will those who bravely wear the badge have to put up with? 
guise of a misleading slogan be tolerated before community organizers, prominent African American leaders, and Democrats at the city, State, and national levels say enough is enough? 
here this evening to honor those in uniform who have fallen, but we are also here to call for an end to this violence. We are here to call for the restoration of law and order. We are here to call for the protection of the men and women who put their lives on the line every single day—the ones who chose a profession to help make their neighborhoods safer. 
They are mothers; they are fathers; they are husbands and wives; they are sons and daughters. Mr. Speaker, their lives matter, too, and all lives matter. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
poll of my constituents in Pennsylvania’s Eighth District, one of the true swing districts in this House, shows that they disapprove of the administration’s nuclear deal with Iran by a 2 to 1 margin. 
national polls showing Americans, as a whole, overwhelmingly disapprove of the agreement by a similar count, and they have every right to. 
is that it does not go far enough to achieve its ultimate goal, to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. In fact, it would allow just that when it sunsets. In the meantime, ‘‘anytime, anywhere’’ inspections of Iranian nuclear sites were neutralized to provide up to 24 days’ notice prior to any inspection. 
nuclear arms race in the Middle East, a reality we are already seeing, as nations like Egypt, Jordan, and Saudi Arabia have already begun building up their nuclear infrastructure in response. 
sanctions relief provided by this deal will no doubt be used to further fund Tehran’s state sponsorship of terror. 
item in the budget to support terrorism, like attacks that devastated our Nation on September 11, 2001, is hard to trust. 
deal, one that makes an already volatile, unstable Middle East less safe, clears the way for a nuclear Iran, and gravely endangers allies like Israel. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
of the issues that I have been most passionate about is stopping the horrific crime of sex trafficking and protecting young victims. 
Earlier this year Congress took action and passed a package of bipartisan bills, including one that I authored aimed at combatting this crime. I said at the time that this legislation would save lives. 
since these laws have gone into effect, we are already seeing results. Recently, a provision in the legislation that allowed local law enforcement to coordinate their efforts with the U.S. Marshals Service was used to help find a kidnapped Tennessee teenager. The 14yearold girl was rescued in Virginia, and her abductor, a known sex offender, was taken into custody. 
Madam Speaker, ending human trafficking requires vigilance and a bipartisan commitment to ensure that children are safe from those wishing to exploit them. The actions we have taken to combat this awful crime are making a difference and saving lives. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Madam Speaker, I rise tonight to honor the accomplishments of Ernie Pellow, a man who dedicated his life and career to his community of Franklin and to its region’s housing industry. 
which has only been given to a handful of that organization’s members over 
Madam Speaker, Ernie’s accomplishments are extensive. He is the founder of Builder Services, Incorporated, and the creator of the Home Builders Show in Venango County. 
awards, including Builder of the Year in 1996 and the Executive Office Service Award from the Pennsylvania State Senate. 
this, Madam Speaker, Ernie Pellow served his Nation bravely and, since then, has participated in more than 1,000 Honor Guard events. 
officials who have relied on Ernie’s advice and support in the area of home construction. I congratulate him on this award and his continued service to his community. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
as you know so well, one of the top issues that people in our districts are discussing is national security. The reason for that is because they are seeing the issues of national security, domestic security, played out on their streets. 
who are going to do a Special Order in just a few minutes to honor the work that our first responders, that our men and women in uniform, are doing every single day to keep our community safe. 
just enforcing the law, which they do, they are also tasked with protecting the community. 
duty to protect the community from itself, whether that is to stop the motorist who is driving recklessly in a school zone or having to thrust themselves into the middle of a domestic dispute and to restore order. 
I will tell you, so many times, as I 
talked to first responders as I was in my district in the month of August, they said there is no such thing as a routine stop any longer. They know they face danger. We thank them. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Madam Speaker, this August, the H. Canyon facility at the U.S. Department of Energy’s Savannah River Site near Aiken, South Carolina, celebrated 60 years of service. 
H. Canyon is America’s only hardened nuclear chemical separations plant still operating, and its dedicated 
staff play a vital role in our Nation’s history and in the future. 
vital for victory, promoting national defense by peace through strength. Today it continues to process nuclear materials safely and securely and delivers fuels to the Tennessee Valley Authority. 
future, developing plutoniumpowered batteries for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration for deep space exploration. We saw the results of this incredible technology this summer with the historic, closerange photographs of the most remote planet, Pluto. 
Nuclear Solutions and the 800 employees for operating this remarkable facility. I am also grateful for SRNS President and CEO Carol Johnson, site manager Jack Craig, and the support of the partnering contractors: Fluor, Newport News Nuclear, and Honeywell. 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
of the most important votes we will maybe ever do in this House will happen probably later this week. I am talking about the Iran deal. 
Iran nuclear deal was that Iran would be a nuclearfree, nonmilitary nuclear zone. That has already been conceded to in the deal we will be voting on here soon in the House and, I guess, over in the Senate as well. 
This is going to greatly affect the security of our allies like our good, solid ally, Israel, as well as others we do trading with in the Middle East. 
homeland, then why does the deal include provisions not only after 5 years for being able to trade arms on the open market for Iran, but for them to have intercontinental ballistic missiles within 8 years? What do you do with ICBMs? I will guarantee it isn’t delivering forgetmenot bouquets to the United States. 
deal. Seventythree percent of Americans don’t even believe that we can strike a deal with Iran and have them keep their word. 
real kicker—reported here recently that Iran would be selfinspecting, self reporting on the deal. We can put no faith that they will uphold this deal and that they will adhere to any of the provisions in it. 
We need to vote ‘‘no’’ on this. HONORING FALLEN POLICE 
MCSALLY ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CULBERSON ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
before I begin, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
last Friday, August 28, 2015, a deputy sheriff that protects my neighborhood in Houston, Texas, Harris County Deputy Sheriff Darren Goforth, was ambushed and brutally murdered at a gas station that my family and I use regularly and that I drive past every day. 
known to my neighbors and me as a model citizen and as a model officer. 
gentler, better law enforcement officer than Darren Goforth. He was murdered in cold blood, assassinated by someone whose motives are not completely clear yet. 
In this atmosphere and this movement of extremist people calling on individuals to attack law enforcement, I wanted to call this Special Order. I want to thank my good friend, Judge TEDPOE, for organizing this Special 
Members of the House can come down here today and express our love and admiration and appreciation for every man and woman who wears the blue and defends our peace, our liberty, our property, and our safety on the streets of America. 
of the Harris County Sheriffs Department. He was a loving husband and a father of two precious children, ages 5 and 12. He was murdered for one reason: Because he wore the uniform. Because he wore the blue to protect us all, to preserve our liberty, to protect our homes and our property, he was murdered in cold blood. 
I went to many of the prayer vigils in 
the neighborhood. I went to a prayer vigil at the gas station where he was murdered, and I went to a service last Friday. Our minister, Dr. Ed Young of Second Baptist Church, conducted the service. It was overwhelming emotionally. 
It was overwhelming and, also, encouraging to see the tremendous outpouring of support from the people of Houston, from the people of Texas, from people all over America, who showed up to express their love and admiration and support for the men and 
us every single day. It was an outpouring of support like I don’t think the people of Houston have seen for a long, long time. 
compelling as he pointed out that the only prayer that Jesus taught us in the brief time he was here with us on Earth was the Lord’s Prayer. 
Lord’s Prayer concludes, as we all know, with ‘‘deliver us from evil.’’ In that ‘‘deliver us from evil,’’ as Dr. Young pointed out, the word ‘‘deliver’’ actually means ‘‘shield’’ in Greek. 
Dr. Young pointed out that the temple priests in Christ’s time all wore blue as a symbol of the protection that they afforded to the templegoers from evil and that Christ’s robe was blue and it was appropriate that the men and women who protect us every day wear blue and we need to remember that they are there to shield us from evil. 
you can go to work and might not come home because of the threat that you face when you are willing to step in front of a bullet or take that risk on yourself in defense of your neighbors and your friends. 
service, the good thing to come from this is that the people of Texas, the people of Houston, really, the people of America—and that is demonstrated by my colleagues being here with us today on the floor—have all stepped forward to let the law enforcement community know that we are there for them, we love them, we are praying for them, and that we have got their back. 
Baptist told Dr. Young and his staff that, shortly after this terrible murder of Deputy Goforth, he spotted a law enforcement officer filling his gas tank at a neighborhood gas station. As the officer was looking over his shoulder nervously, the member of Second Baptist walked up to the officer and said, ‘‘Don’t worry, Officer. I have got your back.’’ 
as so many of our constituents and neighbors in Texas are concealed carry permit holders—law enforcement knows that a concealed carry permit holder is their best friend. 
sure that every law enforcement officer in the country hears tonight from myself and my colleagues and from the people of Texas and America, for every law enforcement officer out there: We love you. We are proud of you. We are praying for you and your family, and most of all, we got your back. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ), my 
Speaker, I want to commend the gentleman and all of my colleagues for coming tonight in support of law enforcement. 
love hath no man but that he lay down his life for his friends. That is what our law enforcement, our first responders, our public safety personnel do for us each and every day, 24/7, all across this country. For that, we are so grateful. 
are young; they are seasoned; they are male, and they are female. In my community in Columbus, Georgia, we have had all of them to give their last full measure of devotion in defense of our communities, to keep us safe at night, so I commend my colleagues for that. 
I thank my colleague so much for allowing me to invade this Special Order to give a special tribute to one of my constituents who passed away during our break. 
Speaker, and in solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a respected community leader, an outstanding citizen, Michael Byron Tabb, Sr. 
August 17, 2015, and funeral services were held Saturday, August 22, at 11 a.m. at the Milford Baptist Church in Leary, Georgia. 
Mike Tabb was born in Albany, Georgia, and graduated from Baker County High School. He earned a bachelor’s degree in secondary education and minored in biology at Valdosta State College, now Valdosta State University. 
1967 until 1974 and a farmer from 1974 to 1986. He then served as the managing editor for the Camilla Enterprise from 1987 until 1993 and wrote the column ‘‘Plantation Pete.’’ 
the Camilla Housing Authority as grant and public relations coordinator and program coordinator. Following his retirement, he continued to work part time with Community Ventures, a nonprofit corporation that serves the community in various ways, including building homes. 
grants totaling nearly $15 million and contracts with the department of human resources to match welfare clients with employment opportunities. He helped organize youth development activities in 20 counties and acquired funding to construct housing for low tomoderateincome citizens. 
as a driving force in the community. He served as chairman of the Baker Commission, chairman of the Mitchell County Children and Youth Collaborative, chairman of the board of directors of the MitchellBaker Association for Retarded Citizens, chairman of the Baker County Historical Society, and chairman of the Advisory Committee for South Georgia Judicial Circuit Indigent Defense Program. 
County Children and Youth Family Connection Corporate Board, Baker 
County Family Connection, Mitchell County Hospital Authority, and the Southwest Georgia Workforce Investment Board. 
first volunteer Baker County EMS and was an avid historian, playing a critical role in the publishing of the Baker County history book and cemetery book. 
message, and he taught Sunday school for over 35 years at Milford Baptist Church. His faith and spirituality always reminded those around him of the power of love and fellowship through Christ and the church. 
life, but none of it would have been possible without the love and support of his wife, Karin; his children; grandchildren; and greatgrandchildren. 
and I, along with the more than 730,000 people of the Second Congressional District, salute Mike Byron Tabb for his dedicated service to his community. 
Representatives to join us in extending our deepest sympathies to Mike’s family, friends, and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks, and months ahead. 
me. It was very special. I, again, commend him for standing up and expressing our appreciation for America’s law enforcement, the men and women who protect us day in and day out. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Thank you, SANFORD . I know the State of Georgia loves 
and admires law enforcement as much as we do. 
I am privileged to yield to my neighbor and colleague from Texas, Judge TEDPOE. 
peace officers are really the last strand of wire in defense between the fox and the chickens. They are the ones that stand between the lawful and the lawless. They protect us from outlaws. Sometimes, they do so without much appreciation from the public. 
gathered for the funeral of Deputy Darren Goforth at the Second Baptist Church in Houston, Texas. Many hundreds of others couldn’t get in to any of the service. It was televised live on all four networks. Helicopters flew over during the service. It was hot, and people stood and gave appreciation to this man. 
had two children, Ava and Ryan. Ava is 5, and Ryan is 12. He had been a Harris County deputy sheriff for 10 years. I guess every member of the sheriff’s department was at that funeral. 
over the United States there. There were some from Canada and the United Kingdom. I talked to a police officer 
for this funeral. He was stunned in a way of appreciation for the people and other peace officers that came for this man’s funeral. 
still does to a great degree for a lot of reasons. In my other life, I was a prosecutor and a judge at the criminal courts building in Houston. I prosecuted people who killed peace officers, and I tried cases where peace officers had been killed when I was a judge. It is a grim thing that happens when a peace officer is murdered in the line of duty. 
pointed out, Darren Goforth was getting gasoline at a local gas station he stopped at regularly and was filling up his patrol car 2 weeks ago. An assassin came up from behind him and shot him in the back of the head. 
his clip, and 15 times, Deputy Goforth was shot in the back of the head. The assassin fled but was later captured, and a man is charged with capital murder. 
America that police officers are being targeted. We will leave that for a different discussion. These are real people. They do what most of us would never do. They go out and protect and serve us. Police officers have been referred to as the thin blue line. 
As mentioned earlier, blue is a traditional color that peace officers wear. They also wear a badge or a star, a star in Texas for deputy sheriffs and Texas Rangers, a badge for local police officers. They place that over their heart, symbolic of the shield that protects us from the lawless. 
That is why the badge or the star is placed in that location. The badge, the star, it really represents everything that is good and right about law and order and America. 
murdered, it affects all of us. It was encouraging to me and I think other peace officers to see the community support for Darren Goforth; his wife, Kathleen; Ava; and Ryan. 
wonderful person. Being a police officer was his second career. He loved working on cars. He wanted to make them run, old cars—muscle cars, as we called them in my day. 
Ryan, a Captain America Tshirt, and he bought himself one. They didn’t have time to wear it, but at the funeral, Ryan, his son, under his suit, wore his Captain America Tshirt. Deputy Goforth was buried in his, underneath his uniform. He was a marvelous individual, a brave and good guy. 
the funeral and watched it on TV. As the processional left the church, led by I don’t know how many police officers on motorcycles and then you had the Patriot Guard motorcycle riders and other motorcycle groups at the end of 
the parade going through the Houston area to the cemetery, people stood on the side of the road, put their hand over their heart. 
Darren Goforth’s family. At the location where he was murdered, a Chevron station, people are still putting up flowers and tributes. 
more than one occasion, peace officers have been filling up their patrol cars— and in Houston, patrol officers, Houston officers and county officers, travel alone; there is not two in a car—but while they have been filling up their patrol cars, apparently, on more than one occasion, some citizen has stopped, come up to the officer, and said, ‘‘I got your back,’’ and that was really the message. 
are saddened by what happened to this individual, but I think it is true that the community, like that Connecticut officer said, like no other place, is very supportive of peace officers, their families, and what they do and that we do have their back. The community supports them. 
with all peace officers who have lost a brother peace officer, but we are also resolved and resilient that, in the future, we are going to have their back because respecting and upholding the rule of law is what these men and women do, and we should support them in that effort. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. CULBERSON. Dr. Young looked 
at that young family and said: I want you to know that your father, your husband, did not die in vain because he has steeled the resolve of this Nation to stand behind every man and woman in uniform that defends our liberty and our safety on the streets of America. 
the gentleman from Texas not only for yielding, but for getting this Special Order together on such a special issue. 
honor the life of Harris County Deputy Sheriff Darren Goforth and all of America’s law enforcement officers. On Friday, August 28, Deputy Goforth was ambushed and murdered while refueling his patrol car in Houston, Texas. 
the city. Deputy Goforth was a committed 10year veteran of the police force, a proud husband, and the father of two. 
one simple reason: his uniform. It is hard to express my outrage and my contempt for those who have incited this war of hatred and violence toward our Nation’s law enforcement officers. 
Police officers take an oath to protect and to serve, and it is time they receive the same level of commitment and protection in return. b1945 
other police officers. In 2015, we have seen 24 law enforcement officers gunned down. These brave men and women put their lives on the line every single day for our communities and for the safety of our families. They deserve our support and our respect, and it is a travesty that this situation has gotten to this point. 
matters most. This is a matter of right and of wrong. And what we have seen in recent weeks is absolutely wrong, and it must end now. 
starting with the President of the United States, must stand up for what is right and denounce the hatred being directed at our law enforcement personnel in this country. 
thankful and proud of the men and women who police our communities. Last week, I was honored to join in a community celebration of the men and women in blue of Tyler County, Texas, my home—and all over America, as a matter of fact. 
County, Texas, on Saturday to honor and rally support for America’s first responders; and this week, much of my staff, while I am up here serving in Congress, will be attending an event recognizing the law enforcement personnel of Hardin County, Texas. 
very difficult job, and it is a shame that the violent rhetoric of a very few are putting their lives at greater risk. 
with an overwhelming majority of Americans, stand in strong solidarity with our law enforcement officers and offer them and their families our unwavering commitment, attention, and support. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to my colleague from California (Mr. V ALADAO ) 
to speak on behalf of his constituents and the people of California of their love and respect for our law enforcement officers. 
from Texas for hosting this and allowing me the opportunity to speak. 
as many of you know and I spoke of many times, I am a farmer from California. One of the things that I have had the opportunity of—and sometimes not always the best opportunity, but I have had a lot of opportunities—is to deal with law enforcement; metal thieves, different folks breaking into houses and doing different types of things. 
we had a person trespassing, and I showed up and it was dark, 10, 11 at night. I drove up in the middle of the field, had no idea if there was someone behind me, someone coming up behind me or on the side of me. It was just a 
drove up on this situation. How many people are out here? What are their intentions? 
when the police showed up, they run into these situations on a daily basis. 
there were people out there close to me who could have been there for a really, really bad reason, looking to do someone harm, is something that I just couldn’t imagine doing on a daily basis. 
law enforcement folks in my district, people I grew up with, as my wife did as well. When you look back—and we have had dinners with these folks—and you talk to their spouse or you talk to their kids, you know that their husbands, their wives go into these situations on a daily basis. They have to run out there, jump into a situation where they know there is someone out there that could have a gun, could have a weapon, could look to do these people harm. They are the ones that we always call for backup. They are the ones that we always call when there is a desperate situation. And these people are the ones that are being threatened now, today. 
that put so much into their work. But when you look at what our law enforcement does for us, every time we dial 911, every time we call for help, every time that we have got a situation that 
is out of our control, they are the people that step in, without any fear for their own lives, and step up and do what we need them to do. 
now in Texas and other parts of the country, where these people are being ambushed, where our protectors, those who keep our families safe, are being attacked from behind, is just something that is unimaginable. 
The fact that we have got a group of 
Members here today, and I know so many more, stepping up and supporting those who do so much for us is something I am thrilled to be a part of, and it is an honor. 
those who put on the badge and step up to protect us, each and every one of us all throughout the country. So again, thank you for what you do. 
Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for allowing me this opportunity. 
and every one of us, if we get an opportunity, we run across a law enforcement officer, just walk up and tell them how much we love them and appreciate them and that we have got their back. 
I am delighted to yield to my colleague from northeastern Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) to express the feeling of 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Thank you, Congressman, for having this Special Order on such a somber occasion. Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer 
my support and utmost respect for law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line to protect our communities, as well as to applaud these men and women who take part in their selfless actions every day. 
know the men and women who wear the badges are on the streets looking out for us. They look out for our families. They look out for our communities, for our country, and words cannot convey how grateful we are to them. 
reminders that too many of our officers are paying the ultimate sacrifice in the name of service. They risk everything to protect us, and they deserve our utmost respect. 
Unfortunately, my State of Louisiana has lost nine officers in the line of duty this year, one of the most in the Nation, according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund. This is a statistic I am not proud of, and I will continue to do all in my power to ensure that all officers in the Nation are safe. 
women who have sacrificed for Louisiana and for the Nation. 
vast majority of law enforcement officers serve because they want to make their community and their country better places, and for that we are very grateful. 
officers step out each day in the face of uncertainty. They never know what situation they will encounter and when a routine traffic stop could turn very tragic. 
lives on the line for our safety. Thank you for answering the call to serve and to protect Louisiana and the country. 
is my privilege to yield to a colleague from northeast Texas, Congressman JOHNRATCLIFFE . 
and colleague from Texas for holding this Special Order and for yielding. 
serve,’’ those words are much more than just a slogan on the side of police cars across this country. It is a promise, a promise that our men and women in blue fulfill on a daily basis while they serve to uphold the pillars of law and order that our society depends on. Without their work, without their sacrifice, our communities would be lawless, and our families, our friends, our neighbors, our loved ones would all be in constant jeopardy. 
work each day knowing the danger, knowing that they may have to pay the ultimate sacrifice to provide us with security. Officers like Deputy Goforth of Texas have been targeted for execution and have paid the ultimate price simply because they choose to protect our communities. The recent wave of violence against 
our peace officers simply because they wear a uniform is outrageous. It is appalling, and it must end. 
stand with our law enforcement, and I want to personally thank the men and women in law enforcement in the Fourth Congressional District of Texas that I am privileged to represent. 
I want to thank those Texas peace officers who have reached out to me personally to express their concerns on this issue, like Mike Sullivan in Farmersville, Otis Henry in Sherman, Terry Garrett in Heath, Harold Eavenson in Rockwall, Jay Burch in Denison, and Daniel Shiner in Texarkana. 
men and women who serve in law enforcement and serve our communities. You are appreciated. We are grateful. 
every corner of the United States to tell our men and women in uniform who risk their lives every day to protect us and the safety of our families and our homes how much we appreciate them and love them and we are praying for them and we have got their back. 
It is a privilege to yield to my good 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and having this Special Order tonight. It is important that we allow time to acknowledge the brave men and women who serve as police officers throughout our country. 
During the August district work period, I had the opportunity to participate in an event to memorialize and honor a fallen officer from Minnesota, Officer Tommy Decker. Tommy was an amazing individual who dedicated his life to serving the Cold Spring community in central Minnesota. 
while conducting a welfare check, Tommy was ambushed and taken from this world far too soon. At the young age of 31, Tommy had already given 10 years of his life to serve his community. 
worked tirelessly to ensure that Tommy received the recognition he so greatly deserved, and 2 weeks ago we dedicated the Cold Spring Post Office in the name of Officer Tommy Decker, a man who gave his life to the Cold Spring community. 
ceremony on behalf of Minnesota’s Sixth Congressional District and to continue the great work that Michele began. We now have this lasting reminder of Tommy, his service, and his great heroism to his community. 
We try to thank our military veterans and the servicemen and women in uniform as much as possible for their work and sacrifice to protect our freedoms and keep us safe. We should do the same for our men and women in police uniforms. 
servants in our communities. They patrol our streets to keep us safe. Perhaps now more than ever, they not only deserve but need our acknowledgement, support, and encouragement. 
country go to work not knowing what they are going to encounter, all the while knowing that, regardless, it is their duty to, quite literally, serve and protect. 
women who proudly wear their police uniforms are looked up to by many, and we all owe them so much. 
Thank you to all of our police officers across the United States. We pray for your safe return home tonight and every night. 
is important that the law enforcement community know that, while we are waiting to hear from the President of the United States, the Members of Congress are stepping forward tonight from every corner of the country to express our love and support for our law enforcement community. 
to my colleague from California’s 25th District, Congressman STEVE KNIGHT . 
Mr. KNIGHT. Madam Speaker, I appreciate Mr. C ULBERSON putting this 
together and allowing us time to talk about our heroes on the street. 
or as a sheriff’s deputy, you go into roll call or you go into briefing and start your day with info or assignments. You check out your equipment. You go over and you get in your car. You go to the gas pumps and you fill up the gas. And you might talk to some of the other officers or the other deputies about what is happening on the street or what happened the night before, and you start your day. 
Your day might start off with talking to your partner and trying to find 
out a little bit more about them if you don’t know them, because that happens on a daytoday basis—new officers are put in with officers every day—just trying to find out what your thoughts are, what your tactics are, what your training is, and how you feel like you are going to feel out these situations. This is the start of a police officer’s day. 
For 18 years I was a Los Angeles police officer, and I served on the front lines in a police car for 17 of those 18 years. So, as they say, I was out pushing the sled around for 12 hours a day, snooping and pooping, looking for bad guys, and protecting and serving. On the side of my car, that is exactly what it said, ‘‘to protect and to serve.’’ That is what a police officer does. 
It is not like the shows that you see 
on TV. Some of it is boring time, some of it is high adrenalin, but all of it is service to the community. Every second, every minute of your shift is service to the community. 
law, making a traffic stop, making an arrest, or just, as 1–Adam12 used to do, 
go and respond to a ‘‘see the man,’’ ‘‘see the woman,’’ and help and just serve, that is a daytoday. 
feel like he was a brother in arms because he was. He was someone who went out and served his community, served them with honor, served them with integrity. And I am sure that the community is better for his years of service. 
generations that they won’t forget Deputy Goforth’s commitment to the community. There will be a memorial. There will be a yearly service. People will talk about what he meant to the community. 
I was in the 990 class in LAPD. The 
very first female officer who died in the line of duty for LAPD was in the 590 class. Our class was taken out of its normal duty of going and learning how to be a professional law enforcement officer, and we went to the service for that officer. 
Tina Kerbrat was the very first female officer who died in LAPD, and it was very similar to Deputy Goforth. It was basically a shooting, an assassination. 
you go to a law enforcement officer’s funeral. You will never forget it. You will see the thousands of people. 
today, the thousands of people that came from other departments all over the country, all over the world, come to pay their respects to the law enforcement professional who did everything that they could to protect their community. 
class died in Afghanistan. He was a law enforcement officer with LAPD who was a SWAT officer. He did his duty, went to Afghanistan to fight for our ideals and for our morals with the United States Marine Corps. He died in Afghanistan doing the same thing that he would do on a 24houraday basis, protecting what we believe here in America. 
I am honored to be able to stand and 
talk about our heroes on the street, talk about the people who protect our community on a daytoday basis, put their lives on the line so that we can live the life that we choose. 
for your service to the people of Los Angeles and California. 
it is so important to remember that these young men and women are serving their community. They do it out of the goodness of their heart and the love for their neighbors, to help their fellow man to try to make their communities a better place. 
the congressman from the Ninth District of North Carolina (Mr. 
the people of North Carolina that he represents about law enforcement. 
grateful that the gentleman from Texas took the leadership in honoring and paying tribute to those who defend and protect us in our own communities. 
of CharlotteMecklenburg Police Officers Harlan Proctor, Ashley Brown, and Scott Evett who, in the aftermath of a horrific domestic violence homicide and arson earlier this year, used their own time and their own money to purchase clothes and toys for the children left behind. They never expected to get any type of recognition. 
Detective Shane Page, who volunteered for the Violent Criminal Apprehension Team, who was shot and seriously wounded while attempting to arrest a dangerous suspect who was hiding out in a quiet neighborhood. 
Earlier this year I met Cornelius Police Lieutenant James Quattlebaum at Carolinas Medical Center. He had just been shot earlier that day while responding to a domestic disturbance. 
Lieutenant Nate King was conducting routine police business last year when a frantic mother drove up and placed a lifeless baby in his arms. The 6month old baby was choking to death. But thanks to Lieutenant King’s lifesaving efforts, the little girl made a full recovery. 
Every day thousands of brave superheroes go to work to serve and protect our children, our homes, and our communities. The pay is low. The hours are long. They are often screamed at. They are hit. They are spit upon and even bitten. Yet, they show back up for work each and every day. Would we? 
Madam Speaker, we should encourage greater dialogue between our local police departments and the community, and we should encourage the best possible training. We should demand accountability because no one is above the law. 
children to have a healthy respect for law enforcement and work hard to recognize the bravery and everyday good deeds of America’s law enforcement. We expect them to be at their best when we are at our worst. 
Thank you to America’s law enforcement, who are truly committed to both serve and to protect. 
for you to step up and tell America how proud you are of our law enforcement men and women and to hear you condemn, Mr. President, this violent, dangerous rhetoric that is encouraging mentally unbalanced people to attack our law enforcement officers, as Deputy Sheriff Goforth was murdered in Houston, Texas. 
But while we wait, Members of Congress are standing here on the floor tonight to tell America how proud we are of our men and women in uniform. 
from the Seventh Congressional District of Texas, Mr. CULBERSON . 
have lived here for 52 years and I have never heard the word ‘‘assassination’’ in the same sentence as ‘‘police officer’’ or ‘‘sheriff’s deputy’’ as I have in the past 6 months. 
Goforth was assassinated a few weeks ago doing his job. As my colleagues mentioned, he was in uniform, pumping gas at a service station in his sheriff’s cruiser in a very nice neighborhood in Houston, Texas, and gunned down in cold blood, assassinated. 
and shot and shot and shot and shot and shot and shot until Deputy Goforth dropped dead protecting us. 
two young kids who won’t have a father walk them down the aisle when they get married. 
I want to go up there to the site of 
the assassination and pray with fellow Texans. I took this picture yesterday at the Chevron gas station. 
As you can see, there are flowers everywhere and notes and stuffed animals, little stuffed teddy bears. This was replayed over and over and over. That was just one day. 
sorts of colored chalk with messages for Deputy Sheriff Goforth. ‘‘Darren Goforth, we love you,’’ ‘‘Thank you,’’ ‘‘Rest in peace.’’ 
Texas. That is my neighborhood. It is at Alcorn Oaks Drive and Oakland Drive in my hometown. 
with a lemonade stand for police. It says ‘‘Blue lives matter.’’ These kids get it. They get it. They get it. We should love and praise our officers and thank them, thank them, thank them for their sacrifice. 
bought a glass of lemonade there, the most expensive one I have ever purchased, close to $20. 
In closing, these men and women protect us every single day from people who want to hurt us and hurt our families. They deserve our love, support, and admiration, and to know that we always have their backs. 
It is a privilege to yield to my colleague representing the people of central Indiana, the Congresswoman from the Fifth District, Congresswoman SUSAN BROOKS . 
thank the gentleman from Texas for holding this very important Special Order tonight because now, more than 
ever, it is more important than ever that we recognize and thank our Nation’s law enforcement officers. These are the loyal and selfless men and women all across America who wake up each and every day and serve our community. 
an integral part of our communities and our neighborhoods, working every day and at all hours to keep us safe. From downtown city blocks to small town squares, from country roads to busy highways, our Nation’s law enforcement officers are always there, always ready to serve. 
and brothers, mothers and sisters, husbands, wives, sons, and daughters. Some are friends. Some are neighbors. Some are the strangers that we see every day. 
They are on our morning commutes. They are on our trips to the grocery store. They are all around us. 
They are fellow citizens who have answered the call to serve and protect and, in some cases, pay the ultimate sacrifice for the safety and welfare of those in their communities. They protect their families and loved ones, and they protect the lives of complete strangers day in and day out. 
U.S. history, over 20,000 law enforcement officers have made the ultimate sacrifice. Last year four Hoosiers lost their lives while upholding their vow to serve and protect. 
this has been an incredibly deadly August. Violence against police officers has skyrocketed recently, with six officers being mercilessly gunned down by individuals who neither respect law and order nor the value of human life. These officers’ sacrifices as well as that of their families do not go unnoticed or unappreciated. 
Jake Laird, an officer who was gunned down in August of 2004—and we have to think about the families—held another golf outing in order to raise money for more protective vests for law enforcement and more personal safety equipment for firefighters. 
them. I have witnessed them firsthand. They are remarkable families. They display courage in the face of adversity, compassion in the face of hardship, and an undying commitment to serve the communities in which they live. We must thank them, the families and the officers. 
in uniform who every day head out to the streets. They cover their beats. They patrol their precincts. They take up again without fail the call to serve and protect. 
and send our thoughts and prayers to their loved ones because, without hesitation, we must renew our appreciation for and our steadfast commitment to 
the heroic men and women who are part of that thin blue line. Please thank a police officer. 
may I inquire as to how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 12 minutes remaining. 
my privilege to yield to my colleague and good friend representing the people of North Carolina, Ms. FOXX. 
Ms. FOXX. I want to thank my colleague from Texas (Mr. C ULBERSON ) for 
organizing and conducting this Special Order tonight to honor our law enforcement personnel. 
I do my best every time I see someone in law enforcement to say thank you. I go out of my way to say thank you. 
local, State, or national people in law enforcement, that we owe to them and to our military people the ability that we have to move around this country and do the things that we do every day because of their willingness to serve and to put their lives on the line every single day of their lives. 
past few weeks a spate of senseless killings of our wonderful law enforcement people. And I think it is wonderful, again, that my colleagues are here tonight to say thank you. 
I know many do—to say thank you to our law enforcement people every day as they go about protecting us, our families. I want to thank their families, also, for the sacrifices they make. 
is my privilege now to yield to the gentleman from northern California (Mr. LAMALFA ), representing the First District. 
really good and proper that you are having this time here tonight, and I am glad to be able to join you with that. 
that we even have to have this conversation. It is always a good conversation to have to honor our officers that put their lives on the line in so many aspects of our lives, whether it is highway patrol or sheriff or city police, park rangers, fish and game. All of them out there have some level of risk in order to maintain what it is we want in a free society for our security. 
What is so tragic about what is happening lately is it is coming down to a racial issue, so much that the sides are becoming much sharper and sharper as to what America is or what Americans are about. We need to get together on this. The enforcement of the law, the upholding of the law, the protection of families, of homes, this cuts across all lines. 
Indeed, I just saw a bit on the news a 
few minutes ago here where a gentleman in Florida—his name is George Cooper, as I recall; he happens to be Black. He came to the defense of an officer who happens to be White who was being beaten in some type of an altercation there where he was trying to do his job. 
gentleman said in the interview, it isn’t a race thing, it doesn’t matter who is White or who is Black in this thing, it is about upholding the law and about having safe neighborhoods for all of us for Americans to be able to thrive. 
It is tragic that so much is going on 
trying to pit Americans against each other. Yes, we have problems; we have issues that need to be resolved within how some may enforce the law, but we have protocols for that. We need to make sure that they are followed and they are prosecuted, but it doesn’t make the whole aura of law enforcement somehow wrong. 
cities now where cops are backing off, crime rates are going up, murders are going up in some of these cities here dramatically—I heard in one of the cities that it is 96 percent. 
This is not what we want. It is not 
good for the families, for the moms that have to watch their kids go out the door and wonder if they are going to come back because there isn’t that law enforcement. 
though, that I think really encapsulates this, by a great American, Paul Harvey, from some years ago: What are Policemen Made Of? 
A policemen is a composite of what all men 
are, mingling of a saint and sinner, dust and deity. 
stinkers, underscore instances of dishonesty and brutality because they are ‘‘new.’’ What they really mean is that they are exceptional, unusual, not commonplace. 
than onehalf of 1 percent of policemen misfit the uniform. That’s a better average than you’d find among clergy. 
all men, is once the most needed and the most unwanted. He’s a strangely nameless creature who is ‘‘sir’’ to his face and ‘‘pig’’ or ‘‘fuzz’’ to his back. 
He must be such a diplomat that he can 
settle differences between individuals so that each will think he won. 
But . . . if the policeman is neat, he’s conceited; if he’s careless, he’s a bum. If he’s pleasant, he’s flirting; if not, he’s a grouch. 
But . . . if he hurries, he’s careless; if he’s 
deliberate, he’s lazy. He must be first to an accident and infallible with his diagnosis. He must be able to start breathing, stop bleeding, tie splints, and, above all, be sure the victim goes home without a limp. Or expect to be sued. 
draw on the run, and hit where it doesn’t hurt. He must be able to whip two men twice his size and half his age without damaging his uniform and without being ‘‘brutal.’’ If you hit him, he’s a coward. If he hits you, he’s a bully. A policeman must know everything—and 
not tell. He must know where all the sin is and not partake. 
hair, be able to describe the crime, the weapon and the criminal—and tell you where the criminal is hiding. 
But . . . if he catches the criminal, he’s 
lucky; if he doesn’t, he’s a dunce. If he gets promoted, he has political pull; if he doesn’t, he’s a dullard. The policeman must chase a bum lead to a deadend, stake out 10 nights to tag one witness who saw it happen—but refused to remember. 
worker, a diplomat, a tough guy, and a gentleman. 
he will have to feed his family on a policeman’s salary. 
go through across this country where they, giving of themselves in service many times, especially in this present environment, feel like they are somehow made wrong for having done so. 
and tell them: You are doing it right. We support you and appreciate the thin blue line. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 5 minutes remaining. 
think that Congressman LAMALFA expressed it very well. Police officers are expected to do their job perfectly every time and in so many ways that we cannot even imagine the work that they do to help keep us safe, the work that they do to improve our communities, the sacrifices that they make on a personal level. 
They are counselors; they are mentors; they are enforcers, and above all, they are preservers and protectors of our liberty because, without law enforcement, there is no liberty. That responsibility is vested in one person in our Constitution. Only the President of the United States is charged by our Founders in the Constitution with faithfully taking care that the law be faithfully executed. 
We are still waiting for you to step up, as we are here tonight, to say how proud you are of our men and women in blue, who protect us every night and every day and must do their job perfectly, as DOUGLAMALFA just told us, 
every man and woman who wears the uniform, who would step in front of a bullet for each and every one of us. 
for you to condemn the vital rhetoric that tell the men and women across this Nation, who defend us every day on the streets of America, how proud you are, Mr. President. We need you to step up and tell them, tell us all, how proud you are of their sacrifice, of their service, of their dedication, to tell all the widows and the children of Darren Goforth and all the other officers who have lost their lives that their father’s loss, their mother’s loss, their sacrifice was not in vain. As Dr. Ed Young told us all last Friday at 11 a.m., the sacrifice that Darren Goforth made galvanized the people of Houston, the people of Texas. We see it across the Nation from California to Missouri to Indiana, to the East Coast. The people of America stand behind our law enforcement officers. 
We are proud of you. We love you. We 
respect you. We recognize what a sacrifice you have made for not enough money to protect us. We know all that you do. We understand the burden that you and your family carry. 
There are no words for this. Darren was an 
incredibly intricate blend of toughness and gentility. He was always loyal, fiercely so. Darren was ethical. The right thing to do is what guided his internal compass. 
what kind of man he was, this is it. Darren was who you wanted for a friend, a colleague, and a neighbor. However, it was I who was blessed so richly, that I had the privilege of calling him my husband and my best friend. 
man and woman who wears the uniform, and we will not forget the sacrifice of Darren Goforth or all the other men and women who preserve our liberty and protect our lives and put their lives on the line for us every day. We are immensely proud of you. 
won’t say it, we will here in this House, that we stand behind you, we are proud of you, we pray for you every day, and we have got your back. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BUCK). Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair and not to a perceived viewing audience. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 64, DISAPPROVAL OF AGREEMENT RELATING TO NUCLEAR PROGRAM OF IRAN; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–256) on the resolution (H. Res. 408) providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 64) disapproving of the agreement transmitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
want to thank our Republican colleagues for reminding us that this Nation is dependent upon those men and 
seen and the murders that we have seen in recent days are a tragedy, and they cannot go without our notice. I appreciate it. 
is coming up here in the next couple of days, an extremely important issue for all of us. While violence in America and violence against police officers are important issues, this issue is also extremely important. 
going to take up the issue of the Iran deal, the nuclear deal between the P5+1—China, Russia, Germany, France, United Kingdom, and the United States—negotiated over the course of 2plus years an agreement with Iran that would block Iran’s ability to create a nuclear weapon. 
Government, in secret, was rapidly moving towards the development of a nuclear weapon. They had created an infrastructure that included the various centrifuges to concentrate the uranium into lowenriched uranium and then on into highly enriched uranium, which is the uranium that is necessary for a nuclear weapon. 
They are also in the process of building a heavy water reactor that would be capable of producing plutonium, the other route to a nuclear weapon. This was done in secret over many years, dating back probably 15, maybe even 20 years. 
States has placed sanctions on Iran to try to convince them that they should not be developing a nuclear weapon, that there would be significant economic sanctions and other sanctions imposed on the country. 
Those sanctions did not go successfully. The Congress of the United States added sanctions. I, together with many of my colleagues here, I think almost unanimously on the floor of the House voted to impose those ever harsher sanctions, but it didn’t work until the P5+1 got together. 
years ago, 4 years ago, worked with those countries, persuading them to sit down at the table together with the United States to see if it was possible to negotiate an agreement with Iran that would prevent Iran from ever having a nuclear weapon. This spring, the agreements began to come together, and in June, July, the agreements were culminated. 
agreements and what they mean to the United States, to the Middle East, and to the world. The very short way of saying this is that this agreement is the most recent and the most significant nonnuclear proliferation agreement in the last decade, maybe even longer. Iran was very, very close to a nuclear 
weapon, so much so that it was believed that they could have a nuclear weapon very soon. Perhaps in 3 to 5 months, they could have material for perhaps nine weapons and be able to perfect those weapons into a bomb that could be delivered through their missile systems or through some mechanism. 
vote. As I understand, I think there is a rule that just came across the desk a few moments ago that would put us in line to vote up or down on the Iranian agreement, and I understand that that vote will be taking place on Friday of this week—a very, very significant moment in the history of nuclear proliferation or nonproliferation. 
First, the agreement came about as a result of six nations, the largest economies in the world, sitting down and negotiating with Iran. 
This deal was signed onto by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, China, and the United States. 
the House and the Senate—were to trash this agreement, what do those countries think? 
think. They actually have said, categorically, their position on the deal, and their position is clear. We signed onto it, they said. We agreed to this deal, and here is what we think if the United States Congress negates this deal. 
Dore, the French Embassy Deputy Chief of Mission, said this in meetings with the United States Senate—and I understand that we will be meeting with the representatives of these countries later this week. 
powers have secured the best deal possible with Iran. 
The best deal possible. All right. How about Germany? The German Government’s position 
is—as stated by Philipp Ackermann, the Acting German Ambassador to the United States, before the U.S. Senate and, again, in the Foreign Policy magazine, on August 6, 2015—the prospect of the rejection of a deal makes us nervous. It would be a nightmare for every European country if this deal is rejected. 
again, in the Foreign Policy magazine, on August 6, in words similar to this, or, perhaps, these exact words were said to the U.S. Senate a couple of weeks ago: 
the U.S. is forced to walk away, Iran will be left with an unconstrained nuclear program with far weaker monitoring arrangements than the current international consensus on sanctions, 
and the current international consensus on sanctions would unravel, and international unity and pressure on Iran would be seriously undermined. 
The P5+1 all signed onto the agreement, and all but the United States has said categorically: Therefore, the agreement. They are not looking to renegotiate, only the United States. So it is up to us, the Members of Congress, to decide whether to stay with the agreement that was negotiated by the United States Government and five other countries and confirmed by the European Union and the United Nations. 
So where do we go? Let’s assume for a moment that the 
Senate and the House reject the deal. Will these countries come back to the negotiating table? 
meeting with the United States Senators—and all of these countries were there—was, no, they are not going to go back to the negotiating table. I think I said ‘‘all of these countries.’’ I don’t think China and Russia were at that meeting. Yet the word is that they are not going to go back to the negotiating table, so we would have to negotiate by ourselves. Keep in mind that we attempted to do that for many, many years without any success. It was only when all of these countries got together that the sanctions really hit Iran in such a way that they decided to come to the table and to make the agreement which is now before the Congress. 
and, quite possibly, indefinitely into the future—Iran’s ability to develop a nuclear weapon. 
United States Congress this week and next week vote to do away with the deal, then where are we? 
Iran has sufficient low enriched uranium and the ability to further enrich that uranium to highly enriched uranium—in other words, weapons grade uranium—for approximately nine nuclear bombs. The number of centrifuges that they presently have are some 19,000 centrifuges, and that would be used to complete the enrichment process. Then the time to produce a bomb’s worth of material—highly enriched uranium—is a couple of months, 2 or 3 months. 
Presumably, under the present situation, with no deal, Iran would be able to move forward, as they have been in the past, for the full development of nuclear weapons within a matter of months. That is not a good situation. 
However, with a deal, where are we? Iran’s low enriched uranium and 
what amount of highly enriched uranium they have would be significantly reduced to an amount that would be insufficient to make even one nuclear 
weapon, and there would be verification procedures to assure that they would not be able to make any additional nuclear weapons. The number of centrifuges that they would be able to have are old, antiquated, and would be some 6,000plus, and all four pathways to a nuclear bomb are blocked. That is the choice we have. That is the choice we have. 
Now, what does this mean over time? Over time, for a long time—25 years 
or more—the implementation of additional protocols, commitments to reprocess plutonium, and the nonproliferation treaty obligations remain in place indefinitely into the future— way beyond 25 years. So, as for the nonproliferation treaty, they have upped it once more. They have agreed to it again. Now, granted, they weren’t paying attention to it in the past, but now we have verification procedures. 
surveillance of uranium mines and mills so that we know what they are doing. Are they mining uranium? What are they doing with it? What are their mills doing? That would continue for 25 years. 
There would be continued surveillance of centrifuge production for 20 years. Now, you don’t make highly enriched uranium in procedures other than centrifuges unless you go to some very, very advanced procedures, which we do not believe Iran can do, and those procedures that are currently available to Iran and would be into the future are monitored for 20 years. 
several thousand kilograms, would be reduced and capped at 300 kilograms, and there would be no further enrichment for new highly enriched uranium beyond a very, very small amount for research purposes; and the heavy water reactor that could produce plutonium within a matter of a couple of years would be, basically, decommissioned and be unable to produce plutonium, and that would go for the next 15 years. In the short period of time, 10 years to 15 years, these other procedures that prevent the operation of the centrifuges would be in place. 
This is how you block the path to nuclear weapons. All of these procedures are in place. Scientists, physicists, generals, and others have all looked at this and have all come to the conclusion that, hey, this works. This will block Iran from developing a nuclear weapon for a minimum of 15 years, probably 20 years, and assuming that we are able to hold them to the agreement, 25 years and beyond. That is the nonproliferation treaty. 
Now, all of this, of course, is dependent upon verification. We don’t trust Iran. We don’t need to trust Iran. In fact, we should go into this not trusting Iran. Therefore, do we have sufficient verification procedures in place to hold Iran to the deal? 
Agency, the IAEA, is and has been for decades the United Nations’ watchdog 
for the nonproliferation treaty. They have been in Iran in the past. They have observed cheating. They have observed obfuscation. However, under the new agreement, the doors are open to all of the facilities that are known to be involved in the nuclear production and the nuclear bomb activities. There is an additional procedure that, within 24 days, should there be an indication of a site that is not now known to be involved in nuclear activity, the IAEA, the International Atomic Energy Agency, would be able to observe what is going on at that site. As for the other sites—the secret sites of the past—we would have the IAEA observing, monitoring, and verifying that the agreement is being held to its standard. 
We also have other methods of knowing what is going on in Iran. Nuclear material leaves a radiation signature. We have the capability of reading those signatures and understanding in detail what is going on at any particular site—past, present, and into the future. 
treaty are built upon the fact that we do not trust Iran, and, therefore, these verification procedures are the most robust, comprehensive, and extensive in any proliferation treaty with Russia or anybody else. So that is in place. 
Now, what if they do cheat? If they do cheat and if they do not 
honor the agreement, we will know. That is what the verification is all about. It is agreed by the P5+1—that is the United Kingdom, which is Britain; France; Germany; Russia; China; the U.N.; and the European Union—that should there be a breach of the procedures in this deal that the sanctions— the toughest of them—would automatically snap back into place and would continue to apply the kind of economicsocial pressure on Iran that brought them to the negotiating table in the first place. 
that they have made not just with the United States but with each other. 
own sanctions, which are tough, which provide us with an ability to put a lot of pressure on Iran, even though not as much as the other countries together with us could do; but, nonetheless, those sanctions are always available to us now and on into the future should Iran renege in any way on this deal. 
There is a lot of talk that this deal 
would free a vast amount of money that Iran has had sequestered—having been known to get their hands on a vast amount of money. The numbers bandied about are $150 billion. It has been said by the Treasury Department and by the Secretary of State that the amount is actually closer to $100 billion. That is a lot of money. There is great fear—and, I think, appropriately—that Iran would use that money to advance, enhance, and increase its support of terrorism around the world—specifically in the Middle East—and against Israel. 
when an analysis is done of that money, about $40 billion of that $100 billion is owed to other countries and other entities outside of Iran. 
So as soon as that sanction is removed and that money is available, then $40 billion of the $100 billion is not available to Iran. It is in some other country’s hand. 
could be used for support of terrorist activities. However, we should keep in mind that Iran has been heavily hit by the existing sanctions, so much so that their economy is in terrible condition. 
the oil arena, is woefully old, inadequate, and not capable of significant production. So they are going to need to invest a lot of money in that and in other infrastructure. 
for terrorism? Far more than we would want. And, therefore, we need to be certain that our support for those countries that are fighting the terrorist activity in the Middle East and beyond have the full support of the United States Government, people, and our Treasury. 
but this is something we are going to have to do. We must make certain that Israel has whatever it needs to counter whatever terrorist threats there may be and whatever threats there may be in the more conventional military sense. 
Israel our most advanced fighters, the F–35, which is just now coming off our production lines, and there will be a lot of other equipment made available. 
Certainly, with regard to intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, we will continue to work with Israel very closely as we have for many, many years, in fact, decades. All of that is there. 
other Gulf state countries and other countries in the area that have been subject to Iranian attacks and trouble need our support. 
in the past and as we are committed to now, to provide them with the support that they need to push back not only on terrorism, but on overt Iranian military activity. 
deal. Is there a better deal? Highly unlikely that the P5+1 will ever come back together again to negotiate a better deal. 
So we would probably almost certainly have to do it by ourselves. We have already proved in the past, before the P5+1 went into existence, that we were not successful alone negotiating a deal with Iran. 
were insufficient. But, as a global community, we were sufficient. And that is where the P5+1 comes in. Listen carefully to what those countries are saying about a renegotiation, ‘‘not likely.’’ 
So where are we? I believe we have to 
support this deal that was put together by these six major countries, supported by the European Union and the United Nations. This is the path that would block all paths to a nuclear weapon that Iran might be able to pursue for at least the next 15 years and beyond. 
this. Unfortunately, a lot of the newspapers are portraying this as a partisan fight. I don’t believe it is. I know that many of my colleagues on the Democratic side and certainly what appears to be most Republicans, if not all, are opposed to the deal. I am certain many of them have their own reasons for that opposition. 
But I think, when you take a comprehensive look at this deal, when you look at all of the elements, that is, what happens if there is no deal and Iran can immediately restart its nuclear weapons program, you go, ‘‘Whoa. That is not a good thing.’’ 
then Iran will be prevented from having a nuclear weapon for at least 15 years, quite probably 20 years. 
nonproliferation treaty, then it would go on indefinitely. That is a good thing. And, therefore, I support this negotiated deal and I ask my colleagues to do the same. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I have completed my time on the floor. 
are here to speak to the passing of one of our Members of this House who served here for many, many years. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ) is recognized for the 
remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. 
like to extend deepest thanks to Congressman GARAMENDI for sharing his 
time with us and, also, to Congresswoman EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , who 
has been waiting almost an hour to share her memories of a very great American. 
We are here this evening, Mr. Speaker, and we rise to honor the illustrious career of a dear friend and stellar colleague, the late Congressman Louis Stokes from Cleveland, Ohio. 
grateful for his pathbreaking life and legendary generous service. As the first African American Member of Congress elected to serve from Ohio, he wrote new history for America, for Ohio, every day of his life. Rising from the public housing 
projects of Cleveland, he and his brother Carl became revered as they built a more inclusive and representative America. What courage and passion that required. 
man whose fashion and manner exuded dignity, it was actually never his aspiration to be a politician. He opted instead to serve the local neighborhoods of Cleveland, where he grew up, after returning from 3 years of service in the U.S. Army during World War II. 
college, Lou served in the Veterans Administration and the Treasury Department before attending law school. He loved the law. He loved being a lawyer, and he loved writing laws here. 
America forward socially, economically, and legally. In Congress, his gentlemanly demeanor and sharp intellect allowed him to chair, again, as the first African American, the Appropriations subcommittee on Veterans, Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies. 
Congress, I had the great privilege of serving under him as he chaired that important committee. 
Committee on Assassinations and served on the House Select Committee to investigate covert arms transactions with Iran. His agile legal mind was evident in the investigations he conducted. 
have been blessed throughout his life and hold abiding gratitude for his extraordinary accomplishments and generous spirit. I can still hear his laugh. 
served with Congressman Stokes for almost a quarter century and hold lasting memories of his deep love for his wife, for his mother, for his brother, for his children, and his grandchildren. 
He had indefatigable and inspired efforts to gain respect and equal justice in the law for all of our citizens. And he saw progress, great progress, in his lifetime that we have so far to go. 
I witnessed his perseverance in building America’s communities forward and his dedication to meeting our Nation’s obligations to veterans, to advance space science, and to catapult Cleveland’s health and human services to the top rung of national assets. 
I have so many memories of Congressman Stokes. I can remember one time in a subcommittee he had the head of Arlington Cemetery come up, and he had these big volumes that he brought with him of who were the veterans who were interred there. 
to the entire committee, ‘‘Go down and read the roster.’’ And the roster said, ‘‘No name,’’ ‘‘No name,’’ ‘‘No name,’’ ‘‘No name.’’ And Congressman Stokes informed us that, in fact, those were Africa Americans who had died in service to our country, but they were buried with no name at Arlington. And he 
made sure that that area was especially recognized, and he was writing history for America for the first time. 
was in the 1980s and 1990s. He was a great teacher. 
I shall sorely miss his dogged determination, easy smile, keen and measured counsel, and persevering nature. 
at a Fair Housing meeting in Cleveland, Ohio, just a few months ago. Looking back on his generous attendance at age 90 and looking in really great shape, I think it was his way—he hadn’t told anyone yet what was ailing him, but I think it was his way of saying goodbye. 
I am going to place in the CONGRES SIONAL RECORD a special story that was 
in the Cleveland Plain Dealer entitled, ‘‘Lou Stokes—The Congressman, Leading Lawyer, and Towering Political Presence Has Died,’’ written by Brent Larkin, Tom Diemer, and Sabrina Eaton of the Northeast Ohio Media Group. 
Though I won’t read the entire article into the record tonight, let me just read a few sentences: 
with a legacy we can always be proud of,’’ Lou Stokes said. ‘‘Together with Carl’’—his brother—‘‘we made a name that stood for something. What greater honor could have come to two brothers who grew up in poverty here in Cleveland?’’ 
And he tells a story about his mother. He would always get tears in his eyes when he would talk of his mother. She had become ill at one point, and he went to visit her. 
give her some comfort and, when I felt those hard, cold hands from scrubbing floors in order to give me an education, I began to understand what her life was about, what her life meant.’’ And that piercing memory Lou carried with him every day of his life. 
Stokes took jobs delivering the Cleveland News, shining shoes, and working in a small factory that made canned whipped cream.’’ 
Apisdorf hired him to perform odd jobs at his ArmyNavy surplus store on lower Prospect Avenue. Seeing something in the youngster, Apisdorf ignored the risk to his business in those days and hired Stokes as a salesman. 
Stokes always remembered to mention the kindness demonstrated to him by a man ‘‘who sort of acted like a father to me,’’ Congressman Stokes said. 
School in 1943. And with World War II raging, he joined the Army and was assigned to a segregated unit that remained Stateside, mainly in the south. 
German prisoners of war in a train station restaurant were treated better than the Black soldiers. 
memories and so much progress that he helped not just Cleveland, not just Ohio, but our country and people everywhere to persevere, no matter what the odds. 
has lived among us. I know all of the people of Ohio join me, as do our colleagues, in saying: May the angels carry him to a deserved, peaceful rest close to the heart of God. 
to speak this evening. I just feel very honored to be here. I can still see Lou in the cloakroom in the back with his good friend, Bill Clay, and some of the guys. We weren’t included, as women, in those conversations, but we respected them. 
sort of stood halfway turned so he could say hello to those Members going by. He had a special gracious manner about him. 
iconic career in public life assures him a place as one of the most revered, respected and powerful figures in Cleveland history, died Tuesday night. 
He was 90. The older brother of former Mayor Carl B. 
Stokes had an aggressive form of cancer, diagnosed in late June. 
whose dress and manner exuded dignity, Stokes never wanted to be a politician, aspiring instead to become Cleveland’s leading black lawyer. 
Congress in 1969 left it 30 years later as a towering political figure both in Washington and at home. 
public life was a model of how to serve with dignity, integrity and honor,’’ Jackson said. ‘‘His service paved the way for many who would follow in both public and private careers. I know full well that, but for him, I would have never had the opportunity to become mayor.’’ 
brother, former Council President George Forbes, and former Cleveland School Board President Arnold Pinkney dominated every aspect of black political life in the city. 
Now, only Forbes survives. ‘‘The four of us had parallel careers in public life,’’ Forbes said. ‘‘It was not unusual for some of the things we did or said to be questioned. But not Lou Stokes. If he said it, or did it, it was like a pronouncement from Sinai. It was the gospel. It was the last word. No one disagreed with him.’’ 
stints as chairman of the select committee that from 1976 to 1978 investigated the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King Jr., chairman of the House Ethics Committee, a member of the House select committee that investigated the IranContra affair, and the first black to chair the Intelligence Committee and serve 
the 21st Congressional District Caucus, a political organization founded by his late brother that became so powerful, its ability to influence election outcomes sometimes surpassed that of the Cuyahoga County Democratic Party. 
When Stokes and the caucus urged Democrats in his district to vote against a sitting Democratic president in the Ohio presidential primary in 1980, they did just that, supporting Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy over President Jimmy Carter by a margin of nearly 2–1. 
And he never strayed from his commitment to expand political and economic opportunities for minorities. 
In an interview at his home just a month 
before his death and days after he learned of his terminal illness, Stokes emotionally reminisced on his storybook life. 
‘‘I was a very blessed guy,’’ he began. ‘‘I’ve 
been blessed with the opportunity to participate in history, to rise to opportunities I never envisioned . . . and to provide for people opportunities that, in many cases, they would have never had. 
‘‘We have been blessed as a family with a 
legacy we can always be proud of. Together with Carl, we made a name that stood for something. 
two brothers who grew up in poverty here in Cleveland?’’ 
Lou Stokes was born Feb. 23, 1925, the first 
of two children born to Charles and Louise Stokes. Carl was born a little more than two years later. 
Louise Stokes took an $8–aday job as a domestic worker at homes in the eastern suburbs. To help raise the young boys in their small apartment on East 69th Street, Louise’s mother moved to Cleveland from Georgia. 
of his mother, and her repeated lectures on the importance of an education. 
‘‘One night, she was lying in bed ill and I 
went into her room and sat with her,’’ Stokes recalled during an interview last year at the Maltz Museum of Jewish Heritage. 
‘‘I took her hands to give her some comfort. And when I felt those hard, cold hands from scrubbing floors in order to give me an education, I began to understand what she meant.’’ 
delivering the Cleveland News, shining shoes and working in a small factory that made canned whip cream. 
him to perform odd jobs at his ArmyNavy surplus store on lower Prospect Avenue. Seeing something in the youngster, Apisdorf ignored the risks to his business and hired Stokes as a salesman. 
always remembered to mention the kindness demonstrated to him by a man ‘‘who sort of acted like a father to me.’’ 
School in 1943. With World War II raging, he joined the Army and was assigned to a segregated unit that remained stateside, mainly in the South. Stokes recalled a layover his unit once had in Memphis where a group of German prisoners of war in a train station restaurant were treated better than the black soldiers. 
Reserve University on the G.I. Bill. He worked for a time for the Veterans Administration and Treasury Department before graduating from Cleveland State University’s Cleveland Marshall College of Law in 1953. 
Stokes opened up a small law office on St. 
Clair Avenue, and was later joined by his brother. Carl also became a lawyer and, in 1962, became the first black Democrat elected to the Ohio House. 
Around this time, Stokes drew the attention of Norman Minor, considered one of the greatest lawyers in Ohio history and the greatest black lawyer Cleveland ever produced. 
‘‘I tried to be like Norman Minor in every 
way I could,’’ Stokes recalled in 2014. ‘‘Carl loved politics. I didn’t have that love. I loved being a lawyer.’’ 
On the night of Nov. 7, 1967, Stokes sat 
with Martin Luther King Jr. in the Rockefeller Building just west of Public Square, and experienced what he described as ‘‘a pioneering political event for America’’—Carl Stokes’ election as the nation’s first black, bigcity mayor. 
In 1965 and again two years later, King had 
made numerous trips to Cleveland aimed at registering blacks to vote. Carl Stokes lost the 1965 mayoral primary by about 1,700 votes. Two years later, he beat Republican Seth Taft by about 2,500 votes. 
Less than a month after his brother’s winning election, Stokes enjoyed his own first moment of fame, arguing a case before the U.S. Supreme Court. 
man suspected of preparing to rob a Euclid Avenue store downtown in 1963. Terry and two others were stopped on the sidewalk by a Cleveland policeman, who frisked Terry and found a gun. 
the arrest, but allowed police to stop and frisk suspects only when the officer has a ‘‘reasonable suspicion’’ the suspect is about to commit a crime, and may be armed and dangerous. 
That same year, another landmark Supreme Court ruling known as ‘‘one man, one vote’’ led to Carl Stokes and Gov. James Rhodes collaborating in the creation of a new, majorityminority congressional district comprised of Cleveland’s East Side and some eastern suburbs. 
Stokes put his law career on hold and became a candidate. In the Democratic primary, Stokes beat 13 opponents, including George Forbes, Leo Jackson and George White. 
along with Shirley Chisholm of New York and William ‘‘Bill’’ Clay of Missouri. Their elections brought to nine the number of blacks in Congress. 
mark, becoming a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus a little more than a year after taking office. 
Stokes was a tall, hardworking man with a loud, infectious laugh. His gentle nature masked a steely commitment—and, at times, he was viewed as a bit too thinskinned. Nevertheless, among his colleagues, Stokes was always considered one of the body’s most popular members. 
U.S. House in 1977, Stokes’ career took off. O’Neill’s respect for Stokes earned him prestigious and powerful committee assignments, which often translated into federal spending on projects important to Cleveland. 
Stokes said of O’Neill during his July 14 interview. ‘‘He used to call me ‘Louie, my pal.’ He gave me some very tough assignments.’’ 
forth with Oliver North during the Iran Contra hearings, telling the Marine Corps lieutenant colonel, ‘‘While I admire your love for America, I just hope you will never forget that others, too, love America just as much as you do—and . . . will die for America just as quickly as you will.’’ 
Carl Stokes to leave town for a television career in New York instead of seeking a third term as mayor created a significant power vacuum within the black political establishment. 
Stokes moved decisively to fill that vacuum, and Democratic leaders awarded him a cochairmanship of the county party. But Forbes and Arnold Pinkney were becoming powerful black political figures in their own right. 
For the next 10 to 15 years, the inevitable 
tensions that arise with powersharing led to public disagreements and some angry private moments—with Call and Post founder and publisher W.O. Walker often serving as a mediator. 
while Forbes would eventually cement a legacy as the most powerful City Council president in Cleveland history and Pinkney twice waged competitive campaigns for mayor and became a nationally recognized political consultant, there was never any doubt who owned the magic political name. 
21st Congressional District Caucus to part ways with the Democratic Party. And Stokes was not above using the caucus as a weapon to punish and defeat candidates he believed did not deserve black votes. 
The caucus’ influence was often most pronounced in downtheballot races for judge and other offices. But in the 1977 election for mayor, one of the most competitive and dramatic in the city’s history, support from the Stokes brothers probably made the difference in Dennis Kucinich’s victory over Democratic Partybacked Edward Feighan. 
campaign manager. Several months after the election, he would become chairman of the county’s Democratic Party. 
gave you unquestioned credibility with the people he represented,’’ said Hagan. ‘‘It made the difference between winning or losing an election. Lou’s endorsement was the most important endorsement a candidate sought.’’ 
major. And they did little or nothing to tarnish Stokes’ relationship with his constituents. [In 1983, following a latenight session of Congress, he was convicted on a minor charge of driving under the influence and also of running a red light; Stokes said he was overly tired but sober, but decided not to appeal the jury verdict.] In the early 1990s, he had 551 overdrafts at the House Bank, most for small amounts. 
power in Congress, joining the prestigious ‘‘College of Cardinals’’ when he became chair of the Appropriations subcommittee for the Veterans Administration and Housing and Urban Development. It was a position that gave Stokes enormous say in how and where tens of billions in federal dollars were spent. The Louis Stokes Cleveland VA Medical Center on East 105th Street is one of several Cleveland buildings named in his honor. 
wane. In 1994, Republicans took control of the House. Two years later, at age 71, Stokes 
had open heart surgery at the Cleveland Clinic and a tumor removed from his vocal cords. 
By 1998, after 30 years in office, Stokes decided not to seek reelection. 
Plain Dealer columnist Elizabeth Auster wrote, ‘‘Stokes brought more than money home from Washington. He also brought laughter and inspiration and pride. And sometimes those are harder to come by.’’ 
of Stokes, ‘‘Someone will fill his seat, but I don’t think anyone will ever fill his shoes.’’ 
Stokes’ job would pass to Stephanie Tubbs Jones, county prosecutor at the time. When Tubbs Jones died unexpectedly in 2008, Marcia Fudge became only the third person to hold the seat. 
In retirement, Stokes became senior counsel at the Clevelandbased law firm of what was then Squire Sanders & Dempsey. He served on several corporate boards, including Forest City Enterprises. 
the lack of civility in Washington today, Stokes said he was sometimes embarrassed to be a former member of Congress. 
on both sides of the aisle, and they tell me, ‘Louie, you wouldn’t want to be here now.’ It’s a waste of your time and intellect to be involved there now and see how difficult it is to concentrate on doing what’s best for people—considering you were sent there to help people. That’s gone now.’’ 
and resigned from the Forest City board last year. In recent months, he spent time assisting his daughter, Cleveland Municipal Court Judge Angela Stokes, who is contesting disciplinary charges filed against her by the Ohio Supreme Court’s Disciplinary Counsel. 
of 55 years, Jeanette (Jay); daughter Shelley StokesHammond, retired public affairs director at Howard University; daughter Lori, a television news anchor in New York City; son Chuck, editorial and public affairs director at a Detroit television station; and seven grandchildren. 
know was a very, very dear friend of Congressman Stokes. I thank her so much for joining us this evening. 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to join Congresswoman KAPTUR in sharing 
the late Congressman Louis Stokes, a dear friend and a tremendous patriot, who dedicated his life to serving our great Nation. He was dedicated to expanding political and economic opportunities for all Americans, and he was determined to transcend the culture of discrimination and injustice. 
Louis Stokes rose from humble beginnings in the local housing projects of Cleveland, Ohio, to serve 30 years in the U.S. House of Representatives. He was first elected in 1968. Reluctant to enter the political arena, Stokes was persuaded to run for office by his younger brother, Carl B. Stokes, the 
first African American mayor of a major American city, elected in 1967. 
Stokes served as a civil rights lawyer. He was the first African American to represent the State of Ohio in Congress and was a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus. Throughout his tenure in the House, he chaired several congressional committees and was the first African American to win a seat on the House Committee on Appropriations. 
he headed and participated in several major House investigations. In March of 1977, he was appointed to lead the Select Committee on Assassinations, formed to conduct an investigation of the circumstances surrounding the deaths of President John F. Kennedy and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. 
House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and became the first African American Member of Congress to head this committee. 
He was the dean of the Ohio congressional delegation. His work in the area of health led to his appointment as a member of the Pepper Commission of comprehensive health care, and he was the founder and chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust. In 1981, he chaired the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct. 
became the first African American in the history of the U.S. Congress to retire after 30 years of service. Following his service in Congress, he became a senior counsel at Squire, Sanders & Dempsey, LLP, a global law firm, and distinguished visiting professor at the Mandel School of Applied Social Sciences at Case Western Reserve University. 
the Pew Environmental Health Commission at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health and was appointed by the former Health and Human Services Secretary, Donna Shalala, as chairman of the Advisory Committee on Minority Health. 
As a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus, he engineered a vehicle that would foster collaboration and strategic alliances for generations. Because of his visionary leadership, we all benefit from an organization powerful enough to engage, empower, and excite generations of African American leaders who influence the political landscape, impact the outcome of elections, and serve as strong voices for those weakened by poverty, discrimination, and lack of opportunity. 
to have had the privilege of serving with this Congressman. I was inspired by his intelligence, preparation, dignity, generosity, and forward thinking. 
not only those who served with him, but a generation of future leaders. 
had, his integrity, his grace, his friendship, and his mentorship. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Thank you, Congresswoman EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, a long way from Cleveland, for your great service and for sharing your memories of our beloved friend, Congressman Louis Stokes. 
enter material in the R ECORD in memory of Congressman Stokes. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I also 
wanted to mention that Congressman Stokes’ beautiful wife, Jeanette, who was at his side through all his years of service; his daughters, Angela, Shelley, Lori; his son, Chuck; and seven grandchildren. 
family has made many contributions to Ohio and to our country, but I think Jeanette and Congressman Stokes are proudest of the children and grandchildren that they have raised. They have represented the family well during this most difficult time. 
a different subject, if I might, in the remaining time. 
there was a Special Order that was given on Speaker Jim Wright, and I was unable, because of duties in Ohio, to join my remarks to those of his friends and colleagues here in the Congress. I rise tonight to honor him for the leader and master of the legislative process that Speaker Jim Wright of Fort Worth, Texas, was. 
courageous mission and a true democratic heart. He loved this House. He just loved it. He just basked in its glory and its power, and he had the keenness of intellect, the balance of knowledge, the intuition, the direction, and the wisdom that comes from the long years of experience that he had at the level of Fort Worth and then the State of Texas and then, obviously, federally. 
He was a veteran of World War II and 
had been a pilot and received the Distinguished Flying Cross. He was truly—truly—a courageous hero for our country and chose to serve then in elected life. 
was his dignity and his strength. His personal ability to also forgive those who sought to harm him and move on was an amazing trait, and I think it revealed some of what he was able to 
bring as a negotiator and a statesman to the work here. 
people of our country, especially those of ordinary means who might not have their voices heard, and when he got into a topic that he loved, he was absolutely unstoppable. 
all of his heart, and he elevated this House and the people who served in it. He loved Congress. He referred to it as a heady place to be, where Members of both political parties should cooperate to make America a world leader and to build and support a strong middle class. 
Great Depression had a permanent imprint on him, and he never forgot the common person. His service in the Army during World War II instilled in him a life of service and a dedication to help those less fortunate, but also a passion for liberty. 
His legislative achievements were legion. He helped create the Clean Water Act and the Interstate Highway System, and he helped guarantee benefits for returning veterans. I remember what a master he was. I believe he chaired the House Public Works Committee and rose from there. 
right at this podium here in the House, for a modern transportation bill, clinking dimes in a large glass bowl to say that we have to pay our way forward here. He understood what it took to build and maintain a great nation’s prosperity. He was a terrific, terrific orator. 
had a contribution that one could describe as profound. He was a peacemaker. He visited the Middle East and facilitated the meeting that led to the accord between Israel and Egypt in 1977. 
successful push for a compromise that would end the war between the Sandinista government and the Contras in Nicaragua. Over time, his approach would lead to the end of U.S. military financing and the start of democratically held elections there. How many Americans can say they have ever been involved in something of that magnitude? 
In his farewell speech before Congress, Speaker Wright said: ‘‘When vengeance becomes more desirable than vindication, harsh personal attacks on one another’s motives, one another’s character, drown out the quiet logic of serious debate on important issues, things that we ought to be involved ourselves in, surely that is unworthy of our institution, unworthy of our American political process. All of us in both parties must resolve to bring this period of mindless cannibalism to an end. There has been enough of it.’’ 
Worth where he donated his official papers to Texas Christian University’s library and taught a TCU course called 
Congress and the Presidents for more than 20 years. His intention to keep the class small was simply impossible, as his enrollment grew at an increasing rate every year. 
graciously. Here I was from Ohio, a completely different part of the country, but I appreciate the fact that he assisted my efforts to seek a seat on the Committee on Appropriations—it took me over a decade to arrive there— since no one from our part of Ohio had ever served on it. 
me. I am so grateful to him forever for that and what I have been able to do to help the country in that position. 
and pursuits during our shared years in Congress, but one of my favorite memories is something we had in common, and that was a love of gardening and roses. He was especially fond of a graypurplish variety of rose that he had raised to perfection. He just loved life. 
Horace Greeley in saying: ‘‘Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; riches take wings; those who cheer today may curse tomorrow; only one thing endures—character.’’ 
of great character and great talent and ability and great accomplishment. 
hearts of his loved ones, his beloved wife, Betty; his four children; 15 grandchildren; 24 greatgrandchildren; and his sister Betty Lee Wright be warmed by the light of his memory and the legacy of liberty he bestowed upon us all and the great affection we shall always have for him in our hearts. 
Stokes rose from the local housing projects to serve 30 years in the U.S. House, becoming a potent symbol for his Clevelandbased majorityblack district. Reluctant to enter the political arena, Stokes was persuaded to run for office by his prominent brother and by community members he had served for decades as a civil rights lawyer. 
of historic proportions. The first Black to represent Ohio, Stokes chaired several congressional committees (including the Permanent Select Intelligence Committee) and was the first African American to win a seat on the powerful House Appropriations Committee. 
He used his success to try to increase opportunities for millions of African Americans, saying, ‘‘I’m going to keep on denouncing the inequities of this system, but I’m going to work within it. To go outside the system would be to deny myself—to deny my own existence. I’ve beaten the system. I’ve proved it can be done—so have a lot of others.’’ Stokes continued, ‘‘But the problem is that a black man has to be extra special to win in this system. Why should you have to be a super black to get someplace? That’s what’s wrong in the society. The ordinary black man doesn’t have the 
1925, in Cleveland, Ohio, to Charles and Louise Cinthy (Stone) Stokes. His father worked in a laundromat and died when Louis was young. Stokes and his younger brother, Carl, were raised by their widowed mother, whose salary as a domestic was supplemented by welfare payments. Louis Stokes supplemented the family income by shining shoes around the Cleveland projects and clerking at an Army/ Navy store. He attended Cleveland’s public schools and served as a personnel specialist in the U.S. Army from 1943 to 1946. He returned home with an honorable discharge, taking jobs in the Veterans Administration and Treasury Department offices in Cleveland while attending college at night with the help of the GI Bill. He attended the Cleveland College of Western Reserve University from 1946 to 1948. Stokes eventually earned a J.D. from the Cleveland Marshall School of Law in 1953 and, with his brother, opened the law firm Stokes and Stokes. On August 21, 1960, Louis Stokes married Jeanette (Jay) Francis, and they raised four children: Shelly, Louis C., Angela, and Lorene. 
where he became involved in a number of civil rights—related cases—often working pro bono on behalf of poor clients and activists. He was an active participant in civic affairs. Working on behalf of the Cleveland NAACP, Stokes helped challenge the Ohio legislature’s redistricting in 1965 that followed the Supreme Court’s ‘‘one man, one vote’’ decision. 
congressional districts that overlay Cleveland, diluting black voting strength. Stokes joined forces with Charles Lucas, a black Republican, to challenge that action. They lost their case in U.S. District Court, but based on Stokes’s written appeal, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed with the brief in 1967. From that decision followed the creation of Ohio’s first majorityblack district. Later that year, in December 1967, Stokes made an oral argument before the U.S. Supreme Court in Terry v. Ohio, a precedentsetting case that defined the legality of police search and seizure procedures. 
made his first run for elective office in 1968. He sought to win the seat in the newly created congressional district that encompassed much of the east side of Cleveland. Stokes was hardly a typical newcomer to the political campaign. First, his brother, Mayor Stokes, put the services of his political network at Louis’s disposal. Stokes won by a landslide. He won his subsequent 14 general elections by lopsided margins in the heavily Democratic district taking as much as 88 percent of the vote. 
As a freshman Representative, Stokes received assignments on the Education and Labor Committee and the Internal Security Committee (formerly the House UnAmerican Activities Committee). He enthusiastically accepted the former assignment, believing Education and Labor would be a prime platform from which he could push the agenda for his urban district: job training, economic opportunity, and educational interests. But Stokes was less pleased with the Internal Security panel, which had lapsed into an increasingly irrelevant entity since its heyday investigating communists in the 1940s and 1950s. (House leaders disbanded it entirely in the mid 
Stokes earned a seat on the Appropriations Committee. During more than two decades on the committee, Stokes steered hundreds of millions of federal dollars into projects in his home state. He eventually became an Appropriations subcommittee chair, or ‘‘cardinal,’’ for Veterans, HUD, and Independent Agencies. 
Stokes was the second AfricanAmerican ‘‘cardinal’’ ever (the first, Julian Dixon of California, chaired the DC Subcommittee). Years later, Stokes said of the Appropriations Committee, ‘‘It’s the only committee to be on. All the rest is window dressing.’’ In addition to chairing an Appropriations subcommittee, Stokes is one of fewer than two dozen African Americans ever to chair a House committee and one of just a handful to wield the gavel on multiple panels: the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (100th Congress), the Committee on Standards of Official Conduct (97th–98th Congresses, 102nd Congress), and the Select Committee on Assassinations (95th Congress). 
to create a power base, realizing—in the words of Representative William (Bill) Clay, Sr. of Missouri they ‘‘had to parlay massive voting potential into concrete economic results.’’, As freshman House Members, Stokes and Clay quickly developed an enduring friendship and became strong supporters of the formation of the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC), to promote economic, educational, and social issues that were important to African Americans. This strategy dovetailed with Stokes’s perception of his role as an advocate for the ‘‘black community’’ in his district. Stokes served as chairman of the CBC for two consecutive terms beginning in 1972, after Chairman Charles Diggs, Jr., of Michigan resigned from the post. A centrist, Stokes was widely credited with shepherding the group away from the polarizing politics of various black factions toward a more stable and organized policy agenda. 
increasing influence on the Appropriations Committee, Representative Stokes pushed a legislative agenda that mirrored the needs of his majorityblack district. He earned a reputation as a congenial but determined activist for minority issues, consistently scoring as one of the most liberal Members of the House in the Americans for Democratic Action and the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations vote tallies. He advocated more funding for education (particularly for minority colleges), affirmative action programs to employ more blacks, housing and urban development projects, and initiatives to improve access to health care for working class Americans. In the 1980s, Stokes vocalized black concerns that the Ronald W. Reagan administration was intent on rolling back minority gains made in the 1960s and 1970s. He described conservative efforts to scale back school desegregation efforts and affirmative action programs—as well as massive spending on military programs—as a ‘‘full scale attack’’ on the priorities of the black community. He also was an early advocate of federal government intervention in the fight against HIV/AIDS. 
Committee on Intelligence, Stokes was a particularly forceful critic of the Reagan administration’s foreign policy. He gained national prominence as a member of the House Select Committee to Investigate Covert Arms Transactions with Iran when he grilled Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North in 1987 about his role in funding anticommunist Nicaraguan Contras through weapons sales to Tehran. At one juncture he reminded North, ‘‘I wore [the uniform] as proudly as you do, even when our government required black and white soldiers in the same Army to live, sleep, eat and travel separate and apart, while fighting and dying for our country.’’ 
House leaders repeatedly sought to capitalize on Stokes’s image as a stable, trustworthy, and competent adjudicator—turning to him to lead highprofile committees and handle controversial national issues, as well as the occasional ethics scandals in the House. When Representative Henry Gonzalez of Texas resigned as chairman of the Select Committee on Assassinations, Speaker Thomas P. (Tip) O’Neill of Massachusetts tapped Stokes to lead the panel, which was investigating the circumstances surrounding the deaths of President John F. Kennedy and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. In 1978, Stokes’s committee filed 27 volumes of hearings and a final report that recommended administrative and legislative reforms. While the panel found that the King and the Kennedy murders may have involved multiple assassins (James Earl Ray and Lee Harvey Oswald have traditionally been described as lone killers), it concluded there was no evidence to support assertions of a broad conspiracy involving domestic groups or foreign governments—an assessment that has been upheld for the past three decades. The committee did suggest that Oswald may have had an accomplice on Dealey Plaza, where Kennedy was killed in November 1963. 
Stokes’s chairmanship of the Select Committee on Assassinations led to his appointment by Speaker O’Neill in 1981 as chairman of the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct (often called the Ethics Committee). Stokes steered the panel through a turbulent period that included investigations of Members implicated in the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s ABSCAM sting and a sex scandal that involved two House Members and current and former House Pages. 
him an influential voice on the Appropriations Committee. In 1993, at the start of the 103rd Congress, he assumed the chairman’s gavel of the Subcommittee on VA, HUD, and Independent Agencies, which controlled one of the largest chunks of discretionary spending in the federal budget. Stokes prodded federal agencies to hire and serve more minorities. Republicans praised him for his nonpartisan leadership of the subcommittee, but when the GOP won control of the House in the 1994 elections, and Stokes became the Ranking Member of the panel, he often found himself fighting Republican efforts to trim federal spending that involved cutting welfare programs, including public housing. 
In January 1998, Stokes announced his retirement from the House, noting that he wanted to leave ‘‘without ever losing an election.’’ Moreover, a new generation of rising black politicians  Cleveland was displacing those of 
Stokes’s generation. Among his proudest accomplishments as a Representative, Stokes 
cited his ability to bring Appropriations Committee money to his district to address needs in housing and urban development and the opportunities that allowed him to set ‘‘historic precedents’’ as an African American in the House. ‘‘When I started this journey, I realized that I was the first black American ever to hold this position in this state,’’ Stokes told a newspaper reporter. ‘‘I had to write the book . . . I was going to set a standard of excellence that would give any successor something to shoot for.’’ After his congressional career, Louis Stokes resumed his work as a lawyer. He was a great American Hero—to be admired and remembered by us all. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of a truly remarkable man— former Congressman Louis B. Stokes, who passed away last month at the age of 90. 
Stokes when I was a staffer in the office of Congressman Ron Dellums. I later had the honor to serve with him as a member of the House of Representatives as we worked to secure funding for homeless shelters in my district. 
Congressman Stokes was a trailblazer. Born in Cleveland in 1925, he loved his 
home city and his home state of Ohio. And he was determined to improve the lives of everyone in his community. After serving in the military, he returned home to become a civil rights attorney and work on behalf of the poor and disenfranchised. 
Carl, he dreamed of a more just and equal world. He refused to allow prejudice or adversity to slow him down. 
commitment to the people of Cleveland, and particularly the vulnerable and voiceless. 
Congress from Ohio—and an original cofounder of the Congressional Black Caucus and founding chair of the CBC’s Health Brain Trust—Congressman Stokes was a proud voice for civil rights and equality. 
on the House Appropriations committee—the committee on which I now serve—Congressman Stokes worked tirelessly to bring resources and opportunities to folks struggling across the country. 
ahead of his time. He was one of the earliest and most vocal supporters of addressing the burgeoning HIV/AIDS crisis. 
As a veteran, he fought to ensure every veteran had the highest possible quality services and care upon returning home. And as the chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, he worked to ensure agency services reached communities of color. 
form—housing, education, health care access, economic opportunity and more—continues to inspire me. 
By opening doors of opportunity, and inspiring generations of leaders in Cleveland, Ohio and beyond, Congressman Lou Stokes has made our nation a more just and equal place. He was a great man and a good friend who will be greatly missed. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and my deepest gratitude for sharing this great human being with us. IRAN’S PAST BEHAVIOR IS AN INDICATOR OF ITS FUTURE BEHAVIOR 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL) for 30 minutes. 
psychological fact of life that, when it comes to human beings, the best predictor of future behavior is past behavior, period, end of story. 
Psychologists who study human behavior agree that past behavior is a useful marker for future behavior, but only under certain specific conditions. For example, highfrequency, habitual behaviors are more predictive than infrequent behaviors. Predictions work best if done over short periods of time, based upon these behaviors. The anticipated situation must be essentially the same as the past situation that activated the behavior in the first place. Also, the behavior did not change by corrective or negative action or feedback. The person must remain essentially unchanged in their consistent behavior. The person must be fairly consistent in his or her behaviors over time. 
such behavior often use metaphor to warn of serious danger by referring to such individuals as ‘‘a ticking time bomb’’ or as one ‘‘carrying a hand grenade, and it is just a matter of when the pin is pulled.’’ 
criteria to Iran’s behavior? The result is the same. Psychologically, there is no reason to expect future behavioral change, given Iran’s 36 years of bad behavior. 
clear with regard to Iran’s actions with the West and, in particular, the United States. For 30 of those 36 years, the United States has declared Iran as the most active state sponsor of terrorism in the world. 
For 36 years, Iran has brutally murdered more Americans than any other terror group or state sponsor of terror. Their clerics have declared fatwas on 
the United States; their leaders have dubbed us the Great Satan and have called Israel a onebomb state, with pledges to eliminate their existence. 
treatment, and rightfully so, as a pariah, shunned by global economy, diplomacy, and withholding international goodwill. 
So what a fantastic time to accommodate a terrorist state and make a deal. 
John Kerry, dismiss all of Iran’s reticence as posturing rhetoric. How in God’s name can we be so naive at the highest levels of our Republic to believe it? 
Iran’s actions worthy of fair treatment and goodwill? Perhaps we should take the teachings 
tree cannot bear bad fruit, but a bad tree bears bad fruit. Therefore, by their fruits, you will know them. 
Iranian deeds speak louder than words. The problem is both word and deed are reprehensible, which should cause us even more alarm. 
1979, hostage crisis. From the moment this regime came into being, the first act was to overrun the United States Embassy in Tehran, terrorizing 66 American hostages for 444 days, most of them, and forcing abandonment of our U.S. Embassy and consulates. 
Buckley, the CIA Station Chief and Vietnam warrior, decorated for valor, is tortured and brutally murdered. 
Beirut is bombed, murdering 63, 17 of them Americans. The entire CIA Middle East contingent is reportedly murdered. The entire operation was directed by Hezbollah and financed by Iran. 
barracks in Beirut was destroyed by the largest nonnuclear explosion detonated on Earth by the hand of an Iranian terrorist; 241 United States Marines are slaughtered, and 100 are wounded. 
barracks are destroyed by another Iranian terrorist bomb that murders 58 French paratroopers. 
in Kuwait was bombed by Iranian terrorists from Iranianbacked Hezbollah and Dawa, murdering 5 and wounding 86. Seventeen members of the Dawa are captured and arrested in connection. 
Iraniansponsored terrorist acts then are perpetrated for years to come to try to negotiate their release. 
Embassy annex in Beirut is destroyed by Iranianbacked Hezbollah terrorists, murdering 22 civilians and 2 U.S. soldiers. 
Flight 847 hijacked with 160 hostages. Robert Dean Stetham, a United States Navy diver, is forced to kneel in front of an open aircraft door, shot in the back of the head, and dumped onto the tarmac. The remaining hostages are released, following terrorist releases from prisons in Israel and Lebanon. 
Ghassemlou, the Secretary General of the Kurdish Democratic Party of Iran, was assassinated by Iranian operatives, along with two associates in Vienna, where he was secretly meeting with envoys sent by thenIranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani. 
Shapour Bakhtiar, who was the last Iranian Prime Minister prior to the Islamic Revolution by Iranian operatives. In a botched attempt on Bakhtiar’s life in a Paris suburb before in 1980, his assailants murdered a French policeman and a female neighbor. 
bombing in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Iran’s terrorist proxy, Hezbollah, perpetrated the suicide bomb attack on the Israeli Embassy in Argentina, which murdered 29 people and wounded 242 others, the great majority of which were civilian bystanders in the vicinity of the embassy. 
On the 17th of September 1992, Kurdish leader Dr. Mohammad Sadegh Saeid Sharafkandi and three other Iranian Kurds were assassinated at the Mykonos Cafe in Berlin. German courts linked the Iranian Government and Minister of Intelligence, Ali Fallahian, to the assassination. 
1994, July 18, Iran was directly responsible for the ArgentinianIsraeli Mutual Association Jewish community center bombing in Buenos Aires, Argentina, which murdered 85 and wounded 300. The AMIA attack remains the deadliest terrorist attack in Argentina’s history. 
former Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani and eight others fugitives from justice in Argentina’’ for their role in the AMIA bombing. 
1996, June 25, 14 members of the Iranianbacked Saudi branch of Hezbollah detonated a massive bomb in front of the Khobar Towers, a U.S. military housing complex in Saudi Arabia. The terrorist attack murdered 19 Americans and wounded 372 of our service men and women. 
truck laden with the equivalent of somewhere between 3,000 and 8,000 pounds of explosive in the Khobar Towers parking lot. The resulting explosion ‘‘sheared the face off an eightstory structure which housed U.S. Air Force personnel.’’ 
2003–2011, following the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq, Iran undermined U.S. operations by ‘‘consistently supplying weapons, its own advisers, and Iranian proxy Hezbollah advisers from Lebanon to multiple residence groups, both Sunni and Shia,’’ which targeted Coalition Forces. 
around Iran’s role in arming and assisting the Shiite militias.’’ In Iraq, ‘‘the top killer of U.S. troops’’ were IEDs, or 
improvised explosive devices, which were primarily supplied by Iran. In total, Iran’s support for Iraqi insurgents led to the death of thousands of U.S. soldiers and others in Iraq. 
Iraq James Jeffrey stated, ‘‘Up to a quarter, or 1,200 of the American casualties, and some of the more horrific incidents in which Americans were kidnapped can be traced without doubt to these Iranian groups.’’ I should also personally note that 
many were my friends, and all were my brothers and sisters as fellow warriors. 
Taliban against United States troops in Afghanistan has been ongoing since at least 2006. According to a RAND report, ‘‘although Iran has traditionally backed Tajik and Shia groups opposed to the Taliban, its enmity with the United States and tensions over the nuclear program led it to provide measured support to the Taliban.’’ 
According to the Treasury Department, ‘‘since at least 2006, Iran has arranged frequent shipments of small arms and associated ammunition, rocketpropelled grenades, mortar rounds, 107 mm rockets, plastic explosives, and probably manportable defense systems to the Taliban.’’ 
Through ‘‘Qods force materials support,’’ the report states, ‘‘we believe Iran is seeking to inflict casualties on U.S. and NATO forces.’’ In 2010, multiple media sources reported Iran as ‘‘paying Taliban fighters $1,000 for each U.S. soldier they kill in Afghanistan.’’ This is currently. 
‘‘Taliban treasurer’’ claimed to have collected more than $77,000 from an Iranian firm in Kabul as payment for killing Americans. 
thwarted a terrorist plot in this town, Washington, D.C., which included ‘‘the assassination of Saudi Arabian Ambassador to the United States and subsequent bomb attacks on Saudi and Israeli Embassies.’’ 
stated that the plot was ‘‘directed and approved by elements of the Iranian Government and, specifically, senior members of the Quds Force’’—in this town. The two individuals charged were ‘‘Manssor Arbabsiar, a 56yearold naturalized U.S. citizen holding both Iranian and U.S. passports, and Gholam Shakuri, an Iranbased member of Iran’s Quds Force.’’ 
on September 29, 2011, with Shakuri remaining at large. 
States and Israeli officials were among those targeted for assassination by a group of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps from Iranlinked terrorists. They were arrested in Baku, Azerbaijan. 
‘‘United States and Middle Eastern officials now see the attempts as part of a broader campaign by Iranlinked operatives to kill foreign diplomats in at least seven countries over a span of 13 months.’’ 
How right they were. 13–14 February, New Delhi, India, the 
wife of Israeli Defense attache and her driver were wounded after a device attached to their car exploded. The Delhi police concluded that the suspects were members of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps. A similar device was defused in 
Tbilisi, Georgia, after being discovered on the underside of an Israeli diplomat’s car. 
accidentally detonated a cache of explosives—darn—in Bangkok, Thailand. The explosives were intended to be used to assassinate Israeli diplomats. A multinational investigation has produced ‘‘the clearest evidence yet that Iran was involved’’ in all three plots. 
an Israeli tour bus in Burgas, Bulgaria, murdering the bus driver and five Israelis, and wounding more than 30 others. In an investigation in 2012, the Bulgarian Government found Iran and its proxy, Hezbollah, responsible for the attack. 
years. But now President Obama wants to negotiate with terrorists to prevent war. 
attackers here. Threat of war only comes from the United States when we are bullied, cajoled, attacked, or threatened. The President and Secretaries Kerry, Lew, and Moniz want us to show goodwill for bad behavior. 
as evidenced by the strong opposition from the majority of Americans who rightly deduce the deal would allow nuclear capacity for Iran and makes a legal path to possess weapons of mass destruction. 
speeches demanding we keep dangerous firearms out of the hands of those with psychological problems, yet, under identical behavioral criteria, he would give nuclear capacity to Iran. 
While public multiplevictim shootings are horrific, imagine an Iran with a nuclear capacity. Given Iran’s prolific use of every form of weaponry and export of terror, are our leaders so naive to think Iran’s behavior would be any better than putting a weapon in the hands of a psychologically consistent and dangerous individual? 
future behavior. Any psychologist or criminologist will tell you this, yet the President is selling us on the deluded hope that this is somehow the right and only path to take. Nonsense. 
even realize that Iran’s interpretation of this very deal and ours are separated by a fairly problematic gulf. 
days, Iran’s President Rouhani and his foreign ministry have made public statements that declare the following regarding this good deal. According to Iran and its statements from its leaders, here is what they think they have agreed to: 
without violating the agreement. Iran says it is not a treaty but binding. 
Council Resolution without violating the JCPOA, or the agreement. 
Nations Security Council Resolution restrictions on weapons sales and imports. In fact, they are already negotiating with Russia for the sale of SS–300 and –400 missiles. 
And Iran also has not agreed to inspect Parchin itself, but it will refuse to let anyone else inspect it. 
in recent days. Iran’s public statements declare, Mr. Speaker, that all sanctions will be lifted. 
in the stated language of the agreement, this includes those, such as the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps— they are in the agreement; they are listed—and the Quds Force, the same organization that we just itemized all of these terrorist acts, both of these groups. Two of the most reprehensible terrorist organizations in the world are in this agreement for sanctions to be lifted. Read them. Annex II sanctions list. I have. 
This flies in the face of our President’s own statements and reassurances. Under Secretary of Treasury Szubin assures us that sanctions on these organizations will be maintained. 
further and has stated recently that, ‘‘We will not be providing any sanctions relief to any of these lines of activity and will not be delisting from sanctions the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps, the Quds Force, or any of their subsidiaries or senior officials.’’ 
Then, why are they in the deal? According to the agreement and even Iran’s recent public statements, they believe that they will be lifted. 
Terrorists Soleimani, A.Q. Khan, numerous organizations that I have had to fight on battlefields, now we will reward their bad behavior with goodwill. 
Corps and the Quds Force are both listed in this agreement and have sanctions against them lifted, according to interpretations of its terms. What a great deal. There is none better. This is the best we can do. 
last month, ‘‘After the agreement is implemented, the economic sanctions will be immediately removed, meaning, financial, banking, insurance, transportation, petrochemical sanctions. All economic sanctions will be removed.’’ 
danger. We are trusting a psychologically fanatical and terrorist State with 36 consistent years of bad behavior to now behave well. 
shore up the President and Secretary Kerry’s reassurances is perhaps an airplane on the tarmac with an open door with our United States leader waving a 
document in his hand, declaring, ‘‘Peace in our time.’’ 
with the consent of the people. That is where the Congress, both parties, this august body, comes in. 
find a political way to strip the American people from a vote by their duly elected representatives to avoid the optics of an opposition. 
Rouhani of Iran do have something very much in common after all: not allowing a vote in their respective legislative bodies. One would expect that from a fanatical, unstable, religious dictatorship, but not in the United States of America. 
his constitutional authority. No other President in the history of our Nation has ever cobbled together sanctions provisions meant to prevent nuclear capacity, to provide a de facto treaty with a foreign rogue State and give them what the sanctions were intended to deny. 
consent of the people. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, the people, through their duly elected Representatives, will now act without the consent of the President. 
States Constitution, a document I have defended since I was 18, states that the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations rests in the Congress of these United States. 
President can only make a binding treaty with a foreign nation upon two thirds consent with the Senate. 
that this is not a treaty. We agree. And, therefore, constitutionally, we are not bound to abide by it. Neither are the States. 
apply here. It is not a treaty. Not having the effect of treaty law, the States are free to act. And today they are and will. And we will. 
that have taken an oath to support and defend this republic, to stand with me. 
We will declare the lifting of sanctions of terrorists as laid out in the agreement as null and void. It is illegal under past U.S. sanctions law. 
We will uphold United States sanctions law against executive fiat action. We will make explicit the sense of Congress in upcoming State actions both legally and economically. 
We will prevent the lifting of sanctions on scores of those listed in the agreement, thereby violating section 37 of Annex II of the Iran deal. 
that the power of this republic does not rest with its President. It rests by the consent of the people. We are bound to uphold that trust as our constitutional duty. 
Mr. Speaker, I also call upon Americans to stand with me. Pound the White House with calls and emails. 
Support State legislative actions and sanctions. Support your representatives, both State and assembly, and your U.S. Representatives in this fight. 
this fight, not shoot us in the back, regardless of political party with anger and cynicism, leveling blame on those who oppose this deal rather than on the one who has created it. 
Then, if we do this, what will the future look like? It will look like an Iran contained, not an Iran accommodated. It will look like a Nation that led rather than cowered. 
the Nuclear NonProliferation Treaty, does—if they ever do—decide to go rogue, will be like North Korea, when a previous administration assured us that, if we reached out to them with the IAEA and lifting of sanctions and easing, that they would come around. 
known it. Their bad behavior was consistent. That future was predictable. They have nuclear weapons, and we knew it. We said we could trust them in a similar agreement. 
people and free economies on this globe. It is what we do. And if we fail in that task, who will take our place? 
we shape tomorrow. Accommodating terrorists and nations with 36 consistent years of bad behavior is not the best deal we have. If Iran, like Libya, displays good behavior first, then we will have a basis for discussion and followon goodwill, which we saw in that case. 
rests with its people, not with its executive. Let us never waiver from that position. As long as we treasure this republic and its Constitution, this will defend. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise regretting that I was unable to be here when MARCY KAPTUR , the gentlewoman 
good friends. I had the opportunity to serve with him for many years. And I wanted to take this time, Mr. Speaker, to thank Ms. KAPTUR for leading the 
On August 18, we learned of the passing of our friend, former Representative Lou Stokes. 
Speaker, who went on to serve his constituents for three decades. I have had the honor of serving here for 34 years. 
I thought Lou Stokes had been here forever. I don’t really think I have been here forever. 
by his colleagues on both sides of the aisle and beloved by his constituents. For three decades, he served here and left a lasting imprint on a State, our Nation, and, indeed, the world. 
American to represent Ohio and the first to chair the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. He was chairman as well of the Black Caucus and a tireless campaigner for civil rights and equality. 
Moreover, he was also the first African American to serve on the Appropriations Committee, where he and I were colleagues. I sat just two chairs from him for almost a decade along with Ms. KAPTUR for a number of years. 
He chaired the Appropriations Subcommittee for Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development. That chairmanship reflected Representative Stokes’ longstanding mission to address the unmet needs of millions of Americans living in inner city neighborhoods, like many of those in Cleveland who sent him to Congress. 
project himself along with his brother, former Cleveland Mayor Carl Stokes, he made it his mission to ensure that Congress was paying attention to the important issues of affordable housing, access to jobs, healthcare delivery, and crime prevention. 
never wavered from his determination to make certain that Congress was meeting its responsibility to those who had served our Nation in uniform. 
I was saddened to learn of his passing. In his 90 years, Representative Stokes lived a very rich and full life. He was full of life and a deep and abiding love for his family, this House, the State, and Nation that he served so ably. 
gentle man. He was a giant in integrity and in intellect, committed to common sense, courage, and seeking the right answers for his people, for his State, and for his country. 
It is a testament to him that his four 
children all followed him into careers that helped better their communities and our country. 
University. Another is a wellrespected journalist and news anchor in New York. The third is a Cleveland municipal court judge. And the fourth is an editor and public affairs director for a television station in Detroit. 
children and of his grandchildren. They, like all of us in this House who served with him, Mr. Speaker, were and are extraordinarily proud of Congressman Louis Stokes. 
them, to their mother, Representative Stokes’ wife of 55 years, Angela, and to 
made a better body by having Lou Stokes serve in this hall. A grateful Nation thanks him and his family for sharing his life with all of us who had the honor and privilege and joy of serving by his side in this revered House of the people that he loved and who loved him. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 267. An act to authorize the transfer of 
certain items under the control of the Omar Bradley Foundation to the descendants of General Omar Bradley; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
S. 1362. An act to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of allinclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs); to the Committee on Ways and Means; in addition, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
S. 1576. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to prevent fraud by representative payees; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
S. 1596. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
S. 1826. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. HARRIS , on 
H.R. 212. An act to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1138. An act to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National Forest System land and Bureau of 
Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1531. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes. 
building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’. 
Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas. 
reported that on July 31, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R 3236. To provide an extension of Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes. 
further reported that on August 6, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas. 
Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2131. To designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’. 
Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and for other purposes. 
areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 9, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second and 
third quarters of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JANICE ROBINSON, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 17 AND JULY 21, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO UKRAINE, GEORGIA, AND IRELAND, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUNE 28 AND J ULY 6, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO LITHUANIA, FINLAND, POLAND, AND IRELAND,EXPENDED BETWEEN JUNE  26 AND JULY 5, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO LITHUANIA, FINLAND, POLAND, AND IRELAND,EXPENDED BETWEEN JUNE  26 AND JULY 5, 2015— 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1  AND JUNE 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR . 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2015— 
Visit to Philippines, Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia—March 27–April 3, 2015: 
Visit to Tunisia, Nigeria, Djibouti, Kenya, Senegal—April 6–13, 2015 with CODEL Gillibrand: 
Visit to Germany, Austria, Egypt, Portugal, Tunisia—May 1–10, 2015 with CODEL Nunes: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2015— 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED  BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED  BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN  APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015— 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN AP R. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN A PR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN A PR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015— 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
* For STAFFDEL Ulrich, airfair all inclusive. ** For CODEL McSally, airfare inclusive of multiple legs of trip. *** For STAFFDEL Bowers, airfares inclusive of multiple legs of trip. **** Flight from Brussels to US. ***** Flight from Germany to US. ****** Flight from Brussels to US. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPE NDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPE NDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON RULES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND J UNE 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EX PENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPENDED BETWEEN APR.  1 AND JUNE 30, 2015— 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPEND ED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,EXPEND ED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR . 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BEN GHAZI, HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND  JUNE 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, Chairman, July 31, 2015. h 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2424. A letter from the Associate Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cranberries Grown in 
2425. A letter from the Associate Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Fruit, Vegetable, and 
2426. A letter from the Associate Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department 
Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General John D. Johnson, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
of Trading and Markets, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Registration Process for SecurityBased Swap Dealers and Major SecurityBased Swap Participants [Release No.: 3475611; File No.: S74011] 
for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final priority and definitions — Rehabilitation Training: Vocational Rehabilitation Technical Assistance Center — Targeted Communities [CDFA Number: 84.264F.] [Docket ID: ED2015 
2462. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s report entitled ‘‘Health, United States, 2014’’, pursuant to 
2470. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; State of Wyoming; Interstate Transport of Pollution for 
2478. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Lavandulyl Senecioate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPAHQOPP20150017; FRL993016] 
2501. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Illinois; Disapproval of State Board Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2006 PM2.5 and 2008 Ozone NAAQS [EPAR05OAR20090805; EPAR05 OAR20110969; FRL993297Region 5] received August 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
2502. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Revisions to the New Source Review (NSR) State Implementation Plan (SIP) for Albuquerque 
2509. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Expanding the Economic and Innovation Opportunities of Spectrum Through Incentive Auctions; Channel Sharing by Full Power and Class A Stations Outside the Broadcast Television Spectrum Incentive Auction Context [GN Docket No.: 12268] [MB 
2523. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting agreements prepared by the Department of State concerning international agreements, other than treaties entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixtyday period specified in the CaseZablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2524. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report prepared by the Department concerning international agreements, other than treaties entered into by 
Congress within the sixtyday period specified in the CaseZablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
territory of the Russian Federation that was declared in Executive Order 13617 of June 25, 2012; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Counsel, Department of Agriculture, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 U.S.C. 33453349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 2548. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform (FAIR) Act of 1998 (Pub. L. 105270), the Department’s FY 2012 and FY 2013 report on inventories of commercial and inherently governmental activities; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 U.S.C. 33453349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Counsel, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting The Corporation’s 2015 Annual Performance Plan, pursuant to the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 (as amended) and the GPRA Modernization Act of 2010; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
General Services Administration, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 U.S.C. 33453349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2557. A letter from the Administrator, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Federal Activities Inventory Reform Inventory for FY 2012 and 2013, pursuant to the Federal Activities Inventory Reform (FAIR) Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105270; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2560. A letter from the HR Specialist (Executive Resources), Small Business Administration, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, 
U.S. Office of Special Counsel, transmitting the Report to Congress for FY 2014; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2566. A letter from the Deputy Director, Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s 2012 Annual Report for the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, pursuant to the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2571. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s determination on a petition filed on behalf of workers who were employed at Westinghouse Electric Corp. in Bloomfield, New Jersey, to be added to the Special Exposure Cohort, pursuant to the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 and 42 C.F.R. pt. 83; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Conference of the United States, transmitting the Report of the Proceedings of the Judicial Conference of the United States for the March 2015 session, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 331; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s report entitled, ‘‘Solutions for Safer Communities: FY 2013 Annual Report to Congress’’, in accordance with Secs. 522, 810, and 1406 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et. seq.), as amended; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2575. A letter from the Chief Justice, Supreme Court, transmitting notification that the Supreme Court will open the October 2015 term on Monday, October 5, 2015 at 10:00 a.m. and will continue until all matters before the Court ready for argument have been disposed of or decided; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Bremerton, WA [Docket No.: FAA20141067; Airspace 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron, Inc. [Docket No.: FAA20152906; Directorate Identifier 2014SW068AD; Amendment 3918213; AD 20151504] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31025; 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20150679; Directorate Identifier 2013NM182 AD; Amendment 3918211; AD 20151502] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 6, 2015, pursuant 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘2012 Regional Partnership Grants to Increase the WellBeing of and to Improve the Permanency Outcomes for Children Affected by Substance Abuse: Second Annual Report to Congress’’, as required by the Child and Family Services Improvement Act, Pub. L. 11234; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2635. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury providing additional information regarding the Treasury’s ability to continue to finance the government and the extraordinary measures taken to avoid default; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Transfers of Property to Partnerships with Related Foreign Partners and Controlled Transactions Involving Partnerships 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Commerce. H.R. 1344. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hardofhearing newborns, infants, and young children; with an amendment (Rept. 114–241). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Commerce. H.R. 2820. A bill to reauthorize the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–242). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Commerce. H.R. 3154. A bill to allow manufacturers to meet warranty and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Internet websites, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 243). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Commerce. H.R. 1462. A bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome (Rept. 114–244). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Commerce. H.R. 1725. A bill to amend and reauthorize the controlled substance monitoring program under section 3990 of the Public Health Service Act, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–245). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 758. A bill to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–246). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 2954. A bill to designate the Federal building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’ (Rept. 114–247). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. S. 261. An act to designate the United States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse (Rept. 114–248). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 3114. A bill to provide funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preservation activities, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–249). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 487. A bill to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands (Rept. 114–250). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 959. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–251). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1949. A bill to provide for the consideration and submission of site and design proposals for the National Liberty Memorial approved for establishment in the District of Columbia (Rept. 114–252). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1937. A bill to require 
the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competitiveness (Rept. 114–253, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2791. A bill to require that certain Federal lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of certain Indian tribes in Oregon; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–254). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. S. 501. An act to make technical corrections to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–255). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 408. Resolution providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 64) disapproving of the agreement transmitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–256). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1937 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
of accountability of the United States debt and promote fiscal responsibility; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3443. A bill to prohibit the provision of 
funds under title X of the Public Health Service Act to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., or its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics during a period of review by the Government Accountability Office and the Congress; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3444. A bill to amend title XI of the 
Social Security Act to reduce Medicaid and CHIP fraud in the territories of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3445. A bill to prohibit the sale of 
arms to Bahrain; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
LEVIN, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Ms. M OORE , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
KILMER , Mr. K IND, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 3446. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require the Secretary to provide for the use of data from the second preceding tax year to carry out the simplification of applications for the estimation and determination of financial aid eligibility, to increase the income threshold to qualify for zero expected family contribution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. FOXX: 
H.R. 3447. A bill to extend the deadline for 
commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Species Act of 1973 to prohibit the taking of any endangered species or threatened species of fish or wildlife in the United States as a trophy and the importation of any such trophy into the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
and Nationality Act to extend honorary citizenship to otherwise qualified noncitizens who enlisted in the Philippines and died while serving on active duty with the United States Armed Forces during certain periods of hostilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3450. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to prohibit private educational lenders from requiring accelerated repayment of private education loans upon the death or disability of a cosigner of the loan; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3451. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code to make student loans dischargeable; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3452. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any amount awarded under a Federal Pell Grant and any portion of a scholarship used by a fulltime student for room and board; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
treatment of Federal Home Loan Bank products; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 3454. A bill to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of Energy to conduct a fuel system requirements harmonization study, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
the use of the United States Armed Forces to achieve the goal of preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. HOYER , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 73. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the 2nd Annual Fallen Firefighters Congressional Flag Presentation Ceremony; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure; considered and agreed to. 
H. Con. Res. 74. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for an event to commemorate the 20th Anniversary of the Million Man March; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure; considered and agreed to. 
Rules of the House of Representatives to exclude certain organizations from the definition of earmark; to the Committee on Rules. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 does not apply to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action regarding Iran and submitted to Congress on July 19, 2015, because the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action is a treaty and, pursuant to Article II of the U.S. Constitution, the Senate must give its advice and consent to ratification if the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action is to be effective and binding upon the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
of the Legislature of the State of Texas, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 37, urging the United States Congress to direct the Department of Defense to relocate the United States Africa Command to Ellington Field Joint Reserve Base in Houston; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 8, recognizing the 50th anniversary of the enactment of the Older Americans Act of 1965, and the successful implementation of that act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the State of Oregon, relative to House Joint Memorial 16, urging Congress to work with Turkish diplomats, European Union, and NATO allies to stop mass arrests and detainment of journalists in Turkey; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 167, urging the United States Congress and the Louisiana Congressional Delegation to take such actions as are necessary to rectify the revenue sharing inequities between coastal and interior energy producing states; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 228, urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to reestablish a rightof way through the Lake Ophelia National Wildlife Refuge in order to provide access to 
property owned by the Avoyelles Parish School Board; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the State of Missouri, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 15, calling upon the President and administration officials to support the increased importation of oil from Canadian oil sands and to approve the newly routed TransCanada Keystone XL pipeline; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the State of Texas, relative to House Concurrent Resolution 80, urging the Congress of the United States to provide federal funding for necessary repairs to the Battleship Texas; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 207, urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to regulate airline baggage fees and processes for consumers as it relates to transportation of passenger luggage and passenger delays resulting from lost, damaged, or delayed luggage; ; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
the State of Missouri, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 29, urging the President of the United States and the Congress of the United States to repeal the excise tax on medical devices; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 2, designating the year of 2015 as ‘‘State of California Year of Commemoration of the Centennial Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 19151923’’; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Education and the Workforce. 
the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 225, urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to work to adopt policies that will help with the stability and the viability of the domestic shrimp industry, including support for the Imported Seafood Safety Standards Act; jointly to the Committees on Natural Resources and Energy and Commerce. 
the State of Oregon, relative to Senate Joint Memorial 12, urging the Congress of the United States of America to support developing a solution to the financial issues that arise from the operation of the marijuana industry; jointly to the Committees on the Judiciary and Financial Services. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3442. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power . . . To borrow Money on the credit of the United States. 
shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3443. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, 
Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution 
H.R. 3444. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 3445. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and 
H.R. 3446. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3447. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, Congress 
may enact laws necessary and proper to the execution of its enumerated powers. As this legislation solely amends the amount of time available for execution of previously granted authority, it is merely technical in nature and an appropriate exercise of Congress’ authority to amend its previous actions through necessary and proper statutes. 
H.R. 3448. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3449. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, the reported bill is authorized by Congress’s power to: ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization. . . .’’ 
H.R. 3450. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. 
H.R. 3451. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3452. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3453. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’) 
shall have the power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes.) 
H.R. 3454. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 65. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E SHOO , and Mrs. 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. 
H.R. 209: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 217: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 267: Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 292: Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M EEHAN , and Ms. 
H.R. 511: Mr. M CHENRY , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
H.R. 546: Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. I SRAEL , and Mrs. M CMORRIS  
H.R. 556: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 592: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
H.R. 671: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama and Mr. 
H.R. 700: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 702: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 721: Mr. S TEWART , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
H.R. 766: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
Mr. I SSA, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 845: Mr. R EICHERT and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 879: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 885: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
H.R. 902: Mr. S ARBANES and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 920: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 921: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. G RAHAM , 
H.R. 932: Mr. M EEKS and Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 953: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota and Mr. 
H.R. 985: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. M ICA, 
Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
New Mexico, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 1101: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
H.R. 1211: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. R OYBAL  
H.R. 1221: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. O LSON , Ms. 
LOFGREN , and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California. 
H.R. 1233: Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. H ARRIS , Mrs. 
H.R. 1258: Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Ms. E STY. 
PERLMUTTER , Mr. N EAL, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
KINGof Iowa, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Mr. J OYCE , Ms. E STY, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H IMES, Mr. C ARSON  
H.R. 1292: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. I SRAEL , and 
H.R. 1312: Ms. D ELAURO , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1321: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. D ELBENE, 
H.R. 1344: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1375: Mr. I SRAEL , Miss R ICEof New 
H.R. 1384: Mr. H IMES, Mrs. N APOLITANO , and 
H.R. 1401: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. M OORE , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
Ms. F UDGE , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. H ERRERA  
H.R. 1464: Ms. L EE, Ms. H AHN, and Mr. T ED 
H.R. 1475: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. R OS 
LEHTINEN , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
H.R. 1516: Mr. T AKANO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
H.R. 1550: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
NUNES , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1567: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
H.R. 1568: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. H IGGINS. 
H.R. 1571: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. C ASTOR of 
H.R. 1594: Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Mr. H IGGINS . 
TAKANO , Mr. S HUSTER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. Z ELDIN , 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. B RAT, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M ARINO , and Mrs. 
H.R. 1644: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. 
H.R. 1655: Mr. V ANHOLLEN and Mr. C OLLINS  
H.R. 1706: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California. H.R. 1714: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1718: Mr. W ESTMORELAND and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1725: Ms. K USTER and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 1763: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. P OCAN , and 
H.R. 1769: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. M OULTON , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
MENG, Mr. J ONES , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, and Mr. B ISHOP of 
MCCAUL, Mr. N EAL, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. G RAHAM , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and 
H.R. 1859: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L ANCE , 
H.R. 1908: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1942: Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1943: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. M OORE , 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. N ORTON , 
H.R. 2017: Mr. H ARPER and Mrs. M ILLER of 
H.R. 2050: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. G RAHAM , Ms. 
ASHFORD , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. 
H.R. 2076: Mr. H ECKof Nevada and Mr. T ED 
H.R. 2083: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. H URT of Virginia, and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 2147: Ms. A DAMS and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2266: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Ms. R OYBAL  
H.R. 2287: Mr. A SHFORD and Ms. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 2369: Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 2391: Ms. F UDGE and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M ENG, Mr. M CGOVERN, and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 2460: Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 2461: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2494: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
H.R. 2513: Mr. H ILLand Mr. B ARTON . 
ROYBAL ALLARD , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 2643: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2675: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 2737: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
H.R. 2759: Ms. E SHOO and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2764: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
H.R. 2799: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.R. 2847: Mr. C RAMER , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. 
H.R. 2858: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. K EATING , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. B UCHANAN , and 
H.R. 2867: Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. 
MOORE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. F OSTER . 
COURTNEY , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . 
H.R. 2940: Ms. H AHN, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
POLIQUIN , Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 2948: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
H.R. 2972: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
H.R. 3011: Mr. L ANCE and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. 
H.R. 3037: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 3040: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
H.R. 3067: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. S ABLAN , 
H.R. 3126: Mr. H ENSARLING and Mr. L UETKE MEYER . 
H.R. 3136: Mr. M CCLINTOCK and Mr. C OLLINS  
H.R. 3137: Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. A GUILAR , 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3138: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. H ARRIS , 
H.R. 3139: Mr. Z ELDIN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. B ARR, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
H.R. 3151: Mr. S CHWEIKERT and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 3164: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. E NGEL , and 
H.R. 3193: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 3199: Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 3229: Mr. J OYCE , Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. 
Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD . 
H.R. 3251: Mr. H UELSKAMP and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 3290: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
H.R. 3326: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. P ALLONE . 
H.R. 3337: Ms. F UDGE and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 3338: Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. H ANNA , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. R OSS, Ms. E STY, and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 3339: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. R OEof 
H.R. 3341: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and 
GARAMENDI , Ms. M OORE , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 3365: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 3366: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 3378: Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
H.R. 3406: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3423: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER . 
H.J. Res. 1: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
H.J. Res. 2: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
H.J. Res. 52: Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. R EED. 
H.J. Res. 64: Mr. C OOK, Mr. M CCAUL, Mrs. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. D ENT, Mr. 
BILIRAKIS , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. D UNCAN of 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. B OSTand Ms. S INEMA . 
H. Con. Res. 65: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California, Ms. M OORE , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
H. Res. 130: Ms. B ASSand Ms. L OFGREN . 
H. Res. 145: Mr. F ARR, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P ALLONE , and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H. Res. 214: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. M OULTON , and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H. Res. 220: Mr. F ARR, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. W ALBERG , 
Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H. Res. 230: Ms. E STY, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. F UDGE , and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H. Res. 289: Mr. L YNCH and Miss R ICEof 
H. Res. 294: Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and 
H. Res. 343: Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
DELBENE, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. M ARCH ANT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff 
The provisions of H.J. Res. 64, Disapproving of the agreement transmitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran, that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House rule XXI. 
the Committee on the Judiciary in H.J. Res. 64 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
The provisions in H.J. Res. 64 that warranted a referral to the Committee on Financial Services do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
The provisions of H.J. Res. 64 (Disapproving of the agreement transmitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran) that warranted a referral to the Committee on Foreign Affairs do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Ways and Means in H.J. Res. 64, ‘‘Disapproving of the agreement transmitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives. 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
and papers were laid on the Clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
the City Commission of the City of Lauderhill, FL, relative to Resolution No. 15R07161, condemning the Dominican Republic’s impending mass deportation of Haitian immigrants; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Board of Commissioners, Oakland County, MI, relative to Miscellaneous Resolution No. 15154, objecting to the development of a nuclear waste repository in close proximity to the Great Lakes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
21. Also, a petition of City Council of Anaheim, CA, relative to Resolution No. 2015222, urging the 114th United States Congress to adopt H.R. 2140 — The Vietnam Human Rights Act of 2015, that would attach human rights conditions to trade and security agreements with Vietnam to promote freedom, human rights, and the rule of law as 
22. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would require that at least one of the two houses of Congress approve, by majority vote of all members elected and serving in that body, a reprieve or pardon granted by the President of 
the United States to a person earlier having been properly found guilty of committing an offense against the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
23. Also, a petition of the New Orleans City 
Council, Louisiana, relative to Resolution No.: R15337, recognizing August 6, 2015, as the 50th Anniversary of the signing of the Voting Rights Act of 1965; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 24. Also, a petition of the Board of Supervisors of the City and County of San Francisco, CA, relative to Resolution No. 27015, commemorating the 71st Anniversary of the Port Chicago disaster and urging the President of the United States and the U.S. Congress to exonerate the 50 sailors convicted of 
mutiny in the incident with the designation of Honorable Discharge; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and the Judiciary. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6437 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 2015 No. 128 