recognize WKIP, a news radio station serving the residents of New York’s Hudson Valley. This year marks the station’s 75th anniversary of operations, and I congratulate them on reaching this impressive milestone. 
anniversary with a live broadcast from the Henry A. Wallace Center at the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum in historic Hyde Park. As area residents gather for this special event, I want to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the staff, hosts, and management of WKIP for their commitment to our community. 
We rely on locallyoperated media organizations like WKIP to keep us informed of news and weather and to partner with our small businesses to help them grow. This radio station is an important component of the social fabric in our region, broadcasting announcements from government officials, emergency information, and valuable updates on public events, school activities, local sports, and ways that we can be helpful to our neighbors. WKIP programming helps bring people together, and I am proud to recognize this organization’s many contributions to community life and the economy in the Hudson Valley over the past 75 years. 
platform for the exchange of ideas, which is crucial to the health of our democracy. I am deeply grateful to WKIP for carrying out this mission and for inviting me to be a part of its programming as I endeavor to represent the residents of the 19th District of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to send my best wishes 
to everyone assembled for the WKIP anniversary gala in Hyde Park. 
DEDICATION OF THE LGBT MONUMENT IN ABRAHAM LINCOLN NATIONAL CEMETERY 
recognize the Chicago Chapter of American Veterans for Equal Rights, which dedicated a monument for LGBT Veterans in Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery in Elwood, IL on May 25, 2015. This is an historic day, as this is the first federallyapproved monument honoring 
LGBT veterans to be dedicated in a National Cemetery in the United States. 
It is fitting that this monument is located in 
the Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery. President Lincoln was not only our 16th President and from the great state of Illinois, but he was also the founder of the National Cemetery system. His Gettysburg Address of 1863 became a model of the principles of nationalism, republicanism, equal rights, liberty, and democracy. 
I am grateful for the efforts of the American 
Veterans for Equal Rights (AVER) and their continued commitment and dedication to equal rights and equitable treatment for all present and former members of the United States Armed Forces. 
Thanks to Stanley J. Jenczyk and his colleagues with the Chicago Chapter of AVER, the LGBT veteran community will have a lasting tribute honoring their achievements and sacrifices. This monument recognizes the innumerable accomplishments of our military and forever commemorates their endeavors as servants of our great nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in celebrating this significant dedication with the Chicago Chapter of American Veterans for Equal Rights. I am honored to have such an exceptional organization in my district. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 4 p.m., on Sunday, May 31, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed on May 27, 2015 
H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–129); and 
H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–130). 
Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2393, to amend the Agricultural Marketing 
Act of 1946 to repeal country of origin labeling requirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–131); 
Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting requirements, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–132); 
Standards Act to improve inspection services performed at export elevators at export port locations, to reauthorize certain authorities of the Secretary of Agriculture under such Act, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–133); and H.R. 2289, to reauthorize the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide endusers with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and accountability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and endusers manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–134).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 10:03 a.m. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD610 May 29, 2015 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2048, USA FREEDOM Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 