to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the AsiaPacific Center for Security Studies, located in Waikiki, Hawaii. I want to extend my congratulations to the Center on reaching this important milestone. 
Center for Security Studies has made significant strides in educating, connecting, and empowering security practitioners. I would like to thank the Center for their leadership. I am pleased to see the APCSS renamed as the Daniel K. Inouye Center, honoring the legacy of the late Senator who advocated strongly for peace and stability around the world. 
to the AsiaPacific region, the Daniel K. Inouye Center will be uniquely situated to play a critical role in driving our Nation’s security policy. 
heavily on Hawaii’s location and relationship with our partner nations in the region. 
the Inouye Center for bringing together representatives from different countries to discuss joint cooperation on important issues. As I have witnessed firsthand, the 
Center is focused on producing results. This will be crucial as we continue to move forward with the rebalance and begin to tackle some of the most pressing securityrelated issues. 
Once again, I want to extend my congratulations on 20 years of service and my warmest thanks—mahalo—for the tremendous work being done there. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HARRIS ) at 2 p.m. 
We come to You as a Nation in the 
midst of significant imminent transition, even as important disagreements on policy promise vigorous debate in the days and weeks to come. As people look for causes and solutions, the temptation is great to seek ideological position. 
spirit of peace and reconciliation; that instead of ascendancy over opponents, the Members of this people’s House and all elected to represent our Nation might work together humbly, recognizing the best in each other’s hopes, to bring stability and direction toward a strong future. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, this week the House Armed Services Committee, led by Chairman MACTHORNBERRY , marks Cyber Week, 
a week that highlights the importance of cyber to our families and to our military. This week of hearings, with witnesses from private corporations and the Department of Defense, is a fitting start as we also recognize Cyber Security Awareness Month during October. 
Recent cyber attacks, like the devastating attack on the Office of Personnel Management, have made it clear that cyber is the new domain of attacks on American families. Personal data, such as Social Security numbers, financial information, and security clearance documents, were stolen, putting the personal and financial security of our citizens at risk. The attack underscores the increased reports of cyber attacks against our military Web sites, government data, and businesses. 
Emerging Threats and Capabilities, with dedicated staff members like Pete Villano, Kevin Gates, and Nevada Schadler, I look forward to Cyber Week’s focus to protect American families. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
unbelievably here we are just 2 days away from another GOP government shutdown. Republicans, who control both Houses of Congress, have yet to bring a budget agreement, just a couple of days before the government shuts down, that would keep government open. Democrats stand ready to negotiate, to talk, to come up with an agreement that can move this country forward, that can keep government open, at the very least. 
We just can’t afford another government shutdown. The last time this happened, it cost the economy billions of dollars and people lost their jobs. Shutting this government down, allowing the government to be shut down over a partisan ideological point, is reckless, and it ought to be avoided at all costs. 
the headlines to see that the Republican Conference is in some disarray. I understand that. The politics of that are just going to have to work themselves out. 
Meanwhile, the business of the American people has to be attended to. We have got to get this country back to work. If we don’t do that, we will not be doing the jobs that people sent us here to do. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
commemorate the 50th anniversary of the city of Carpinteria. 
the city of Carpinteria is home to over 13,000 residents on the central coast of California. It is known as one of America’s finest small towns, and Carpinteria has also been recognized as one of the American cities with the highest quality of life. 
environmental stewardship, working to protect California’s precious coastline. In fact, Carpinteria City Beach has been recognized as the world’s safest beach. Their local economy has thrived with its vibrant cultural history, and this unique agricultural region is home to California’s famed avocado festival. 
Carpinteria on their 50th anniversary. It is a key treasure on the central coast. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed S. 2082. With best wishes, I am 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at 3 o’clock 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1624) to amend title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small employer, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) and the gentleman from California (Mr. C A´RDENAS ) 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on H.R. 1624. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
a muchneeded fix for smallbusiness owners and employees struggling to comply with the healthcare law. H.R. 1624 is a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small employer. The bill would allow the States to continue defining the small group health insurance market as employers with 1 to 50 employees. 
Section 1304 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act changed the Federal definition of the small group market to include employers with 1 to 100 employees. The States, however, have been allowed to continue defining the small group market as employers with 1 to 50 employees until January 1, 2016. 
2016, plans sold or renewed for employers with 51 to 100 employees will be subject to the various small group health plan regulations established by PPACA. These more restrictive rating rules will increase health insurance premiums for these employers and reduce flexibility in benefit design. 
some employers with 51 to 100 employees to selfinsure to avoid higher premiums. If that happens, this could result in adverse selection in the small group pool and higher premiums for employers with 1 to 50 employees. 
the disruption in the marketplace will be significant. For example, it is estimated that, under current law, more than 3 million employees will experience a doubledigit percent increase in their healthcare premiums. 
employers will change their choices regarding offering coverage, could change their business model, and will ultimately be felt by millions of workers. 
will vary by State, defining the small group market should be left to the States, which is a policy envisioned in H.R. 1624. 
I am pleased to say there is considerable support for this legislation in the House and the Senate. 
States with immediate passage of H.R. 1624 would help ensure stable, small group health insurance markets that reflect the unique characteristics in each of the States. 
If Congress passes H.R. 1624, premiums will be lower and allow millions of employees and employers to keep the plan they have and like. This is a 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
point, I reserve the balance of my time so that Congressman GUTHRIE can 
minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ), the vice chair of 
I rise in support of H.R. 1624, the Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees Act. This bill, which I introduced along with my friend from California (Mr. CA´RDENAS ), Congressman 
KYRSTEN SINEMA of Arizona will protect smaller employers from increased healthcare costs and will prevent their employees from being forced out of their current healthcare plans. 
defined as 1 to 50 employees, but a provision in the healthcare law will expand the group’s size from 1 to 100 on January 1. With this expansion comes more onerous regulations and the expectation of dramatic rate hikes. 
One estimate by Oliver Wyman predicts that those in the 51 to 100 group will see an average of an 18 percent premium increase in 2016 based on the new rating rules alone. H.R. 1624 stops the mandated expansion of the small group market that will occur on January 1 and allows States to define their own market. 
Kentuckians who would be impacted by this change, and their concerns are real. Small businesses are afraid to expand, and midsized businesses have no idea what the costs would be or how they can plan for this new change. 
with over half the House as cosponsors and nearly a third of the Senate as cosponsors. Members on both sides of the aisle agree that we must act now to stop this new mandate. 
with the gentleman from California (Mr. CA´RDENAS ). It is an issue that we 
see is happening in Washington, that is happening out in our districts, out across to the businesses. 
Both sides of the aisle have come together to say: Let’s change the law. Let’s make sure that the small businesses and mediumsized businesses are not affected, and let’s move forward. 
names as cosponsors. There was a lot of hard work that I know the gentleman from California (Mr. CA´RDENAS ) did to 
bring more and more cosponsors to this bill. This is a significant change. It is significant for the people who live in our districts. I encourage support. 
time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to first 
thank my colleague from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ). It has been a pleasure 
and honor to serve with him on this bill. 
It is really important for us to understand how monumental this moment is. This isn’t the biggest bill in the world. But, yet, at the same time, if you are a small business in the United States of America and you have 1 to 50 employees or now even 1 to 100 employees, this bill hopefully will help affect your business and your employees in a way that is better. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1624. I truly 
appreciate the willingness to work on a bipartisan bill, as demonstrated today, which is going to positively impact so many communities across the country through the small businesses it will affect. 
Coverage for Employees Act, introduced by my colleagues, once again, Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. M ULLIN , Ms. S INEMA , 
and myself—two Republicans and two Democrats is a true bipartisan effort— would stop a potential health insurance rate shock by allowing States to determine the appropriate size of their small group market. 
myself, I recognize the struggle there is to live out the American Dream. I know how difficult it can be when a specific sector of small business is affected by regulations and laws created by local, State, or Federal governments. 
I have seen the impact in neighborhoods throughout my district when a small local business opens their doors or closes their doors. Their supply chain is local. Their employees have a vested interest in their success. Their customers treasure the connection a small hometown business brings. 
I know I echo the view of the entire 
U.S. House of Representatives when I applaud these small businesses, the risks that they have taken, and the celebration of their successes. 
By no means is the Affordable Care Act perfect. But I am grateful for all the benefits that the law has provided since its enactment. 
Today more than 16 million Americans have gained access to affordable health insurance that did not have it before enacting the act. My district is one of only two districts in the United States to see a doubledigit increase in insured residents since the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. 
The Affordable Care Act is the biggest change to American health care in the past 70 years. It brings down costs, covering more Americans and making dozens of other crucial changes to how our Nation views health care. However, no law is perfect. 
When it was first created, Social Security didn’t cover agricultural and domestic workers. Medicaid didn’t begin to cover mammograms until 1991. Even with these fundamental programs of our Nation’s safety net, improvement 
and compromise was necessary to lead to more perfect laws. 
have decided to move forward with the expansion, this bill still provides States the flexibility to ensure market stability for small businesses across the country. 
bring this bill to the floor. I look forward to advancing the PACE Act and continuing to build on a record of working together in a bipartisan fashion. 
colleague from Kentucky, Congressman GUTHRIE , in talking about how 
proud I am of this moment and how much I appreciate his willingness to reach across the aisle and work with us to make sure that we bring a fix—not the biggest fix, but a fix—that will help American businesses and American workers across this country. 
together. But, more importantly, it is an opportunity for us to do the job that we were elected to do: to put aside partisan bickering, to make sure that we look at what is best for America, try our best to bring a bill to the floor through both houses, and, hopefully, get the signature of the President of the United States. 
effort that I think that what I just described is going to happen. Come January of 2016, it is going to be a better place for all of us—for our businesses and our workers—because we were willing to work together. 
to do, but it is something that, unfortunately, is far too rare. I hope that this is the beginning, the beginning of many of us working together and making good things happen for America and its Territories. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, this is a 
good bill. It is an important bill. It is a bipartisan bill. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 1624. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, 17.6 million Americans have gained health insurance coverage and are no longer one accident, injury, or diagnosis away from financial ruin. This is the largest reduction in the uninsured in four decades. 
The ACA has increased access and reduced financial barriers to important preventive services, such as cancer screenings and wellwoman visits by requiring their coverage with no cost sharing. The law also stopped insurers from discriminating based on preexisting conditions or placing annual limits on how much health care they will cover. 
nationwide, no law is perfect, and there are certainly ways we can improve the ACA and build upon its successes. Given the political theatre that tends to surround the ACA, I am pleased to see that my Republican colleagues 
are ready to work together on bipartisan proposals such as H.R. 1624 with the goal of strengthening the law. Unfortunately, though, I do not agree with the approach this bill takes. 
law to make the small group expansion currently required under the ACA optional for states and allow states to ‘‘opt in’’ if they choose. Research tells us that some states simply are not ready to expand their small group market and that expansion in these states could result in higher costs for certain consumers. However, the small group expansion was included in the ACA for good reason. The benefits of expansion such as added consumer protections and increased stability for small employers are important and achievable goals. States like Washington are already experiencing the benefits of an expanded small group market. 
I am concerned that H.R. 1624 is premature, and I would instead prefer a few year transitional delay of the small group expansion or an ‘‘opt out’’ option for states instead. I believe these alternatives would ensure that states continue to work towards the goal of expansion, rather than disregarding the provision altogether. 
this bill was not considered under regular order. Such an important issue deserves thoughtful discussion and opportunities for amendments. I had hoped to offer an amendment that would allow states to ‘‘opt out’’ of the expansion. Since I was unable to discuss this amendment and other potential changes 
to the bill with my colleagues in a committee markup, I remain uncertain that this legislation is the best course of action. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1624, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 136) to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or deceased veterans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gold Star 
claimed, is unmarried or, if married, legally separated from his or her spouse; 
claimed, is unmarried or, if married, legally separated from his or her spouse; and’’. 
take effect 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of S. 136, the Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015. This important piece of legislation supports fathers of permanently disabled or deceased veterans in their search for employment with the Federal Government. 
mothers of certain permanently disabled or deceased veterans receive preference in hiring for civil service positions in recognition of their sacrifice. That preference applies when the mother is widowed, divorced, or separated, or if their husband is totally or permanently disabled. 
The Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015 extends this same benefit to fathers. The bill also grants preference in hiring to parents who never married along with those that are widowed, divorced, or legally separated. 
Congresses on this important issue, and Congresswoman ESTY for sponsoring the House companion bill. 
Mr. Speaker, we owe a debt of gratitude to our veterans and to the mothers and fathers of our veterans. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of S. 136, the Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015, bipartisan legislation introduced by my colleague, Senator RONWYDEN  
of Oregon, last January and cosponsored by Senators SHERROD BROWN of 
Maine. This bill passed the United States Senate by unanimous consent in May of this year and was favorably reported out of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in July. 
support in the House in the form of identical legislation, H.R. 1222, introduced by my colleague, Representative ELIZABETH ESTY, of Connecticut. 
Gold Star families have made on behalf of our grateful Nation, the Gold Star Fathers Act would extend the 10point hiring preference for Federal civilian jobs to the fathers of servicemembers who have been permanently disabled or who lost their lives while serving on Active Duty. This would be identical to the Federal hiring preference that has been available to our Gold Star Mothers since 1948. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation is reflective of the immense gratitude that we hold as a nation for the parents of our fallen and disabled heroes. It also recognizes the profound sacrifice that our Gold Star families continue to endure every day. It is a burden that is shouldered by the very few on behalf of the entire Nation. 
law, Helen Shaughnessy, originally Helen Bailey, is a Gold Star sister. She lost her brother, Arnie Bailey, in April of 1944 on his first jump over the Rhine close to the end of the Second World War in Europe. I know that their family continues to carry that pain and that burden each and every day. 
the aisle to support Ms. ESTYin her efforts, along with Senator W YDEN and 
may consume to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). I would like to 
introduce and welcome her remarks. She is the lead sponsor of this bill in the House and has been a true champion on behalf of veterans all over this country. 
in support of S. 136, the Senate companion to my bill in the House, the Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015. 
their support of our Gold Star families and for prioritizing this bipartisan bill that would bring equity to the treatment of all Gold Star families, and I 
year, I met with Gold Star families in Waterbury, Connecticut, and I heard the stories of how deeply they feel the loss of their loved ones, whether that loss was a year ago, 20 years ago, or 40 years ago. I heard from mothers and I heard from fathers about the difficulty of continuing on without a member of their family that they held so dear. 
sacrifice for their country deserve to know that we will support and care for their loved ones they leave behind. After talking with these families, I knew that we needed to do more for these grieving families and we needed to do more to recognize the sacrifice of their loved ones. That is why I introduced the House bill companion of the Gold Star Fathers Act. 
recognized that mothers who have lost a child in military service or are caring for their son or daughter who was permanently disabled in the military deserve a hand when seeking Federal employment. Currently, qualifying mothers of certain disabled or deceased veterans are eligible to receive the veterans hiring preference that will no longer be used by their loved one when applying for certain Federal service jobs. 
ones who grieve. The loss of a child is felt just as strongly by our veterans’ fathers as by their mothers. It is time to ensure equal treatment of and respect for all parents of deceased or disabled veterans. That is why the Gold Star Fathers Act would extend this hiring preference to fathers as well. 
In many cases, not only have the parents undergone significant trauma emotionally, but they have lost a workingage member of their family; and in the case of a permanently disabled child, they may have mounting medical bills to deal with as well. It is time to establish equality in our Nation’s treatment of the parents of deceased and disabled veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Senators WYDEN , COLLINS , and B ROWN for 
their leadership on the Gold Star Fathers Act in the Senate, and I want to thank my former colleague Representative Tim Bishop for his past leadership on this issue as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I call on all of my colleagues to join us in honoring our Gold Star families. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of this bipartisan, unanimously supported Gold Star Fathers Act. 
commonsense bill. It is more than common sense. We talk about family values a lot. These are family values. These are highest family values of parents that have raised young people who are willing to step forward for our country without consideration of their own lives or their futures in most cases. So I applaud my colleagues’ efforts on this behalf, and I support and ask that this bill be supported fully by this body. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 313) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a serviceconnected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
on the first day of employment, any employee who is a veteran with a serviceconnected disability rated at 30 percent or more is entitled to leave, without loss or reduction in pay, for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability for which sick leave could regularly be used. 
given such term in section 2105, and includes an officer or employee of the United States Postal Service or of the Postal Regulatory Commission; 
sections for chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 6328 the following: 
regulations for such leave with respect to officers and employees of the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of H.R. 313, the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act of 2015, sponsored by my colleague, Congressman STEPHEN  
LYNCH . This important piece of legislation supports wounded warriors newly hired in the Federal Government. 
Act of 2015 supports our disabled veterans transitioning to civilian careers by providing sick leave for medical treatments and appointments that are related to their serviceconnected disability. 
Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legislation provides immediate access to sick leave for any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a serviceconnected disability rated at 30 percent or more for the purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability. 
with a zero sick leave balance and accrue sick leave over time, disabled veterans beginning civilian jobs often have insufficient sick leave to attend medical appointments required for treatment of their serviceconnected disabilities. This bill provides our newly hired disabled veterans with immediate access of up to 13 days for sick leave so that our disabled veterans do not have to take unpaid leave to care for their serviceconnected injuries. 
a number of veterans and employee organizations, including the American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and Federal Managers Association. 
I commend Mr. L YNCH for his leadership on this issue and for working with Mr. FARENTHOLD , Ranking Member 
CUMMINGS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. N ORTONto bring this bipartisan legislation 
before the committee. I also want to acknowledge Senators TESTER , MORAN , 
and T OOMEY for their work on the Senate companion bill. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 313, the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act of 2015. 
I introduced this bipartisan legislation in January of this year, and I am proud that it has now gained the support of over 30 Democratic and Republican Members of Congress. 
remarks and his support of this bill. At the outset, I would also like to thank Chairman JASON CHAFFETZ and Ranking Member E LIJAH CUMMINGS along 
with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) and the gentleman from 
Oversight and Government Reform Committee for their leadership in bringing H.R. 313 to the floor. I would also like to thank many of the veterans groups and Federal unions and workforce organizations that have joined together to endorse this legislation. They include the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion, and the 31 unions and member organizations that make up the Federal Postal Coalition. 
Let me also commend Jennifer Hemingway of the majority staff for the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and Lena Chang of the Democratic staff for our committee for their great work on this bill. 
Federal Leave Act will address a problem faced by many wounded warriors who are transitioning to civilian life through new careers in the Federal workforce. Currently, a firstyear Federal employee will begin his or her career with zero sick leave in the event of a medical event. That is because under current law, fulltime Federal employees only earn 4 hours of paid sick leave for each pay period that they work. 
Obviously, starting from the beginning, they will have zero balance in their sick leave bank—with a maximum of 104 hours of paid sick leave that is available per year. Nevertheless, new employees start with zero. While Federal workers are able to carry over unused annual sick leave from year to year, they begin their first year on the job with no sick leave whatsoever. 
newly hired Federal workers is particularly burdensome on those employees who are also wounded warriors. These employees need to make regular visits 
to the VA to seek medical treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, and other serviceconnected disabilities, and they are quickly forced to burn up any sick leave that they do accrue during their first year at a Federal agency. 
transitioned to the Federal workforce following their tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan and other assignments have highlighted this difficulty during discussions with me and my staff. 
sufficient leave during their first year on the job, they were routinely faced with the difficult choice between having to take a day off work without pay or simply skipping their scheduled VA appointments altogether. Some wounded warriors reported that the closest VA facility to their job was located a 2 or 3hour drive away. 
Managers Association: ‘‘Young men and women struggle with available leave as they attempt to keep service related, medicallynecessary appointments, which puts undue stress on both managers and their Federal employees as they try to meet their Congressionallymandated missions and goals.’’ 
wounded warriors the flexibility to receive medical care as they transition to serving our Nation in a new capacity, through a Federal civilian job. The Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act would do just that. 
This bill will provide firstyear Federal employees who have a VA disability rating of 30 percent or greater with 104 hours of wounded warrior leave from the moment they begin their Federal workforce careers. This 
includes eligible new hires at our Nation’s largest employer of veterans— the Defense Department—as well as the United States Postal Service. 
dedicated Federal workers will have accumulated up to 104 hours of traditional sick leave by the end of their first year on the job. That is why the bill also provides that any unused wounded warrior leave would not carry over beyond the second year. 
Act will also provide critical importance, given that the most recent Federal data on veterans employment indicates that Federal agencies are hiring a growing number of veterans each year. In fiscal year 2014, nearly 60,000, or 33.2 percent, of new hires at Federal agencies were veterans. That is an increase of 9.2 percent over fiscal year 2009. 
who have served multiple tours of duty—three, four, five tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan—this is especially important. Approximately 16,000 of newly Federal employees were wounded warriors with a disability rating of 30 percent or greater. Again, I am thankful to Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. C ONNOLLY . And, also, I 
want to thank Mr. T ESTER . When we 
sent this bill over to the Senate looking for a cosponsor in the Senate, Senator TESTER was quick to step up and 
take on this fight in the Senate. I want to thank him for his work on this bill in the Senate side. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
his leadership on this issue. It is an issue not only whose time has come, but probably should have come long before this. It is a great idea that deals with the reality of what we face in dealing with wounded warriors and their ongoing success that this country—a grateful country—ought to be involved with encouraging. 
I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 565) to reduce the operation and maintenance costs associated with the Federal fleet by encouraging the use of remanufactured parts, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act of 2015’’. 
Government Accountability Office issued a report that confirmed that— 
$975,000,000 on repair and maintenance of the Federal fleet in 2011; 
such as engines, starters, alternators, steering racks, and clutches, tend to be less expensive than comparable new replacement parts; and 
the Department of the Interior both informed the Government Accountability Office that the respective agencies rely on the use of remanufactured vehicle components to reduce costs. 
meaning given that term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I rise today in support of S. 565, the 
Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act of 2015. This bill is a bipartisan and bicameral effort designed to reduce the costs of maintenance for the Federal vehicle fleet. 
The Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act encourages agencies to use remanufactured vehicle components when doing so will reduce maintenance costs while also maintain quality. 
components’’ refers to components that have been returned to sameas new or better condition and performance by a standardized industrial process that incorporates technical specifications. 
Office report found that remanufactured vehicle components, such as engines, starters, alternators, steering racks, and clutches, tend to be less expensive than comparable new parts. 
International Trade Commission found that remanufacturing parts can result in savings of 85 percent of the energy and material used to manufacture 
equivalent new parts. Further, this study found that remanufactured parts are, on average, 20 to 50 percent less expensive. 
bill to encourage their Federal vehicle maintenance staff to use remanufactured components will reduce maintenance costs, which totaled $975 million in 2011, for 588,000 vehicles. 
Motor and Equipment Manufacturers Association, which directly employs over 734,000 people in U.S. manufacturing jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressmen HUIZENGA and A SHFORD for 
their work on the House companion bill. I also want to thank Senators PETERS and L ANKFORD for their work 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of S. 565, the Federal 
Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act, introduced by Senator PETERS of Michigan. 
I would also like to recognize Representative B ILLHUIZENGA of Michigan 
S. 565 passed the United States Senate by unanimous consent last month. With today’s House passage, it can go straight to the President’s desk for his signature. 
The Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act would require the head of each Federal agency to encourage the use of remanufactured vehicle components if doing so would reduce costs while maintaining high quality. The intent behind this bill is to raise awareness of the option of using remanufactured parts and inform agency fleet managers of this costsaving option. 
the heads of Federal agencies to use remanufactured parts, but the decision ultimately to do so would remain at the discretion of fleet managers. 
According to a March 2013 Government Accountability Office report, Federal agencies spent about $1 billion on vehicle repair and maintenance in 2011. The report also found that remanufactured vehicle components tend to be much less expensive. For example, the Postal Service and the Department of Interior informed GAO that they rely on remanufactured vehicle components to reduce costs. 
piece of legislation that seeks to save taxpayer dollars and better ensure that the Federal Government is purchasing highquality products. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), 
Speaker, I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, especially my friend, Chairman CHAFFETZ , and my friend, 
bringing this bipartisan, bicameral bill to the floor to save taxpayer dollars and create jobs. 
I often hear, like most of us do, from 
our constituents: Why can’t Congress work together and get something done and eliminate wasteful spending and create jobs? Well, we have got it, folks. Here we go. 
Savings Act, I teamed up with Senator GARYPETERS , also of Michigan. We are 
going to save literally millions of taxpayer dollars by reducing spending on Federal vehicle maintenance and create good manufacturing jobs. 
Our commonsense bill calls on Federal agencies to use remanufactured components to repair and maintain the Federal vehicle fleet when using those parts would lower costs, achieve higher safety standards, and maintain quality and performance. 
Remanufactured parts are less expensive than brandnew parts and have been returned to sameasnew condition. I know this from firsthand experience, owning a small sand and gravel operation where we oftentimes use remanufactured parts on our own trucks. The component may be an engine, may be a transmission, may be a drivetrain, may be a rear end or an alternator. Each of those repairs presents an opportunity to be more fiscally responsible with taxpayer dollars. 
Federal Government owns a fleet of approximately 588,000 vehicles. The cost of maintaining that fleet has ballooned to nearly $1 billion. 
While it is clear there needs to be a 
fleet of these Federal vehicles to have access to a reliable motor pool, it is important that these vehicles be maintained efficiently and effectively to ensure that those tax dollars—our precious tax dollars—are used in the most effective way possible. 
spending, this legislation serves as an important boost to goodpaying jobs and remanufacturing suppliers. 
According to the Motor and Equipment Manufacturers Association, remanufacturing of motor vehicle parts is responsible for over 30,000 fulltime jobs across the United States. For example, in my district, Valley Truck Parts, headquartered in Wyoming, employs 250 Michiganders. In Kentwood, Michigan, North America Fuel Systems Remanufacturing employs more than 150 people. 
others across Michigan and so many other States, demonstrate how remanufacturing supports goodpaying middle class jobs in States like Michigan and Ohio and North Carolina and Pennsylvania and so many others. It is 
going to play an expanded role, I believe, in making this Federal Government even more efficient. 
in this effort to save millions of taxpayer dollars, support good jobs, and make the Federal Government run more efficiently. 
In closing, having heard the comments on this, I urge the adoption of this commonsense bill that encourages also us doing an environmental thing as well in using resources that we have. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3089) to close out expired grants, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Grants Oversight and New Efficiency Act’’ or the ‘‘GONE Act’’. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall instruct the head of each agency, in coordination with the Secretary, to submit to Congress and the Secretary a report, not later than December 31 of the first calendar year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, that— 
agency, explains why each covered grant has not been closed out. 
meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
a closeout of a grant account conducted in accordance with part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, including sections 200.16 and 200.343 of such title, or any successor thereto. 
grant’’ means a grant in an agency cash payment management system held by the United States Government for which— 
including any extensions, has been expired for not less than 2 years; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Oversight and New Efficiency, or GONE, Act, to bring muchneeded accountability to the Federal grantmaking process. 
agency to report to Congress on the amount of expired and empty grant accounts that remain open on the government’s books. 
Under the bill, the agencies must examine the 30 grants that have been expired for the longest period of time and explain why these grants have not been closed. 
these agencies will update Congress, reporting on which accounts previously identified have been closed and which remain open. These reports will help Congress better understand why expired grant accounts remain open at taxpayer expense. 
Mr. Speaker, in fiscal year 2014, Federal grant expenditures exceeded $529 billion, and that is real money. This enormous amount of money demands strong financial management to protect taxpayer dollars from waste. 
timeliness of grant closeouts by Federal agencies. The report found nearly $1 billion remaining in undisbursed funds within expired grant accounts. 
systems GAO examined, there were almost 1,000 accounts that had been expired for 5 years or more and still had not been closed out. 
GAO found out that this same management system contained 28,000 expired grant accounts with no funds in them. Mr. Speaker, expired grant accounts create multiple levels of waste. 
First, the undisbursed funds remaining in expired accounts could be better used for their appropriated purpose or returned to the Treasury to help bring down the deficit and mounting debt. 
for each account that remains open within the Federal payment management system. As a result, agencies could be spending roughly $2 million per year to maintain these 28,000 accounts with no funds in them, assuming they have not been closed. Surely we can find a better use for these taxpayer dollars rather than wasting funds maintaining expired accounts. 
closed out slow the grantmaking agency from conducting the necessary oversight to ensure that funds were properly spent and that taxpayer money is not being wasted. The GONE Act is a response to these issues. 
Department of Health and Human Services to coordinate with agencies to provide these reports to Congress. HHS was chosen for this role because of some of its successful closeout efforts implemented in 2011. HHS’s commendable work on grant closeout is exactly 
requiring HHS to coordinate with the Office of Management and Budget in reporting to Congress on legislative changes needed to improve the process of grants administration. 
asking the inspectors general of the largest grantmaking agencies to conduct a risk assessment of their agency’s grant closeout processes. 
companion bill, S. 1115, including their work on the bill before the House today. 
bring some commonsense steps to the Federal grantmaking process by supporting this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
consideration, H.R. 3089, the Grant Oversight and New Efficiency Act, was introduced by my friend Mr. WALBERG  
of Michigan in July of this year; and it was reported out of the House Oversight Committee with the support of Mrs. BRENDA LAWRENCE , also of Michigan, this month. This bill would require onetime reports from Federal agencies on expired grants. 
a report by the Government Accountability Office, Federal agencies do not always close out expired grants properly. In fact, GAO has found that in 2011, nearly $800 million in undisbursed balances remained in expired grant accounts. That money could be returned to the Treasury and spent on any number of pressing priorities here in the House and Senate. 
H.R. 3089, would require agencies to report to the Secretary of Health and Human Services and Congress on grants that have expired and whether they have undisbursed balances. The bill would also require agencies to make recommendations on which grants should be closed out immediately as well as explain why certain grants were not properly closed out to begin with. 
sponsor on this bill, and Mrs. L AWRENCE , for their work on this bipartisan bill. This is a commonsense, good government measure that every Member should support. 
the gentleman for his support and leadership on the floor. I thank the chairman and ranking member of our committee. Most importantly, I thank my good friend and colleague from Michigan, Congresswoman BRENDA LAWRENCE , for her support and helpful additions to this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3089, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3614) to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Code, is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘and $1,675,000,000 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016.’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1, 2016’’. 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’. 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘and not more than $5,175,000 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016,’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1, 2016,’’. 
and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 42301 prec. note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016.’’; and 
the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016.’’. 
of section 48114 of title 49, United States Code, for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $93,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$93,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $77,500,000 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016,’’. 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
such Code is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
such Code is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ) and the 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3614. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
the authorization for the Federal Aviation Administration programs and taxes that fund those programs will expire. H.R. 3614 is a clean, 6month extension of all necessary authorizations through March 31 of 2016. 
As the chairman of the Subcommittee on Aviation, I believe it is critical for Congress to come together in a bipartisan, longterm FAA reauthorization bill. 
not be able to spend funds from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund. Therefore, airport construction projects across the country will be halted, contractors that support FAA will not be paid, construction jobs will be lost, and thousands of FAA employees could be furloughed. 
the privilege of representing approximately 4,000 FAA employees and contractors who work at the FAA’s premier technical center in the Nation. They contribute an extraordinary amount of energy and dedication to making sure that aviation continues to move forward. Without them, the state of aviation in our country would suffer, and we cannot afford them to be at home for failing because we failed to do our work and pass an extension bill. 
result in the halt of certification and registration of new aviation products, greatly disrupting the aviation manufacturing industry and jeopardizing more good paying jobs. The FAA’s aircraft registry would close, delaying deliveries of new aircraft. As many as 10,000 aircraft a month could be grounded if registration cannot be renewed. 
developing a bipartisan, longterm reauthorization bill which will improve, rebuild, and modernize our Nation’s safe, yet highly antiquated, aviation system. 
I urge support of H.R. 3614. I reserve the balance of my time Mr. DEFAZIO. I yield myself such 
friend, the gentleman from New Jersey, that it is essential that we pass H.R. 3614—the Senate passed it expeditiously—and it be signed by the President. We cannot afford even, you know, the thought of a shutdown of the FAA. We have actually gone down that road in the past. Chairman MICA, in July of 2011, put 
some provisions into an FAA reauthorization that were objectionable to two very powerful Senators, and we actually went through a shutdown. What we lost was $400 million of revenue because the excise tax expired. 
did pass the savings through, the excise tax, Alaska Airlines. All the other airlines kept the money, and we lost $400 million from the trust fund. 
Airport construction ground to a halt, threatening tens of thousands of jobs. Airport inspectors had to work. They were essential employees. They weren’t paid, and they couldn’t get government vouchers, so they had to use their personal credit cards to purchase tickets to go to work to do their job, which they weren’t being paid for. 
I mean, this was the ultimate of absurdity. I only go into some detail on that because that is relevant to this extension. 
should give us more than ample time to agree upon a longterm FAA authorization. Much work has already been done on major portions of the bill, but some disagreements remain over the future of the air traffic organization. 
the entire FAA from future vicissitudes of Congress going off the rails with a shutdown and furloughs and provisions that are unacceptable to the Senate that cause a temporary lapse in authorization. You know, we can get there. We are very close now. This year, all but 7 percent of the FAA’s budget will be paid for by user fees, excise taxes, and others, so we are quite close. 
We would like to reform procurement, to streamline it and make it work better at the FAA. When I was a very young Member of Congress, I got to witness the airport air traffic controller’s workstation of the future. That was 1987. Well, it is 2015, and they don’t have them yet. 
The FAA is the only agency of government worse at procurement than the Pentagon. Congress has tried to reform it; it didn’t stick. We have got to try something different to get it to be more agile to give us the 21st century equipment and software that we need. 
sort of shape of the FAA bureaucracy, a little bit like that in the middle. Congress, also back in 1986, gave the FAA license to reform personnel practices to deal with some of that midlevel management bulge and streamline the agency and decisionmaking process, but that didn’t take either. 
So the three problems are the predictability of funding and the agency being able to look into the future without having to worry about shutdowns, furloughs—I don’t know how much time they spent over the last couple of weeks getting ready for this shutdown that everyone thought would come this week before Speaker BOEHNER announced his retirement; that has got to 
be dealt with—and then also the procurement reform and the personnel. 
The chairman’s solution is to separate only the air traffic organization from the FAA and insulate that from Congress and those sorts of problems and make it, you know, free of the procurement rules and a lot of the personnel rules. I would prefer to do that with the entire agency, because there are functions—we do have the best air traffic control system in the world. We are busier in the U.S. with more planes under instrument flight rules on a daily basis, about 20 percent more on an IFR average, than Canada, U.K., France, and Germany combined. 
We move massive amounts of air traffic. We don’t want to mess that up. And I understand, but I also don’t think we can isolate it from other decisionmakers in the agency and leave them subject to the vicissitudes of Congress. 
who do the inspections, who do the safety, it seems to me it should all be moved; and I propose a 21st century constitutionally chartered corporation in order to accomplish those goals and make it selffunding, selfsufficient, and not subject to appropriations or shutdowns or anything else that a future Congress might imagine. So that is the hangup. We haven’t agreed on that part yet, but I think we can. 
months should be more than ample time. I am hopeful that early this fall the chairman and I can resolve those issues with other members of the committee, and then we can go forward with our colleagues in the Senate and hopefully have, you know, a bill on the President’s desk early, early next year, if not by the end of this year, although December promises to be perhaps a bit chaotic around here. 
ample time. I do not anticipate multiple shortterm extensions. I don’t want them, nor does the chairman, nor do, I believe, any other thoughtful members of the committee. 
shaking his head. We couldn’t agree more. We have been down that road before, down that runway before. We don’t want to go down that runway again. 
Mr. LOBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. LARSEN). 
Speaker, I rise in support of the temporary measure to extend the authorization of the FAA today, but I do so with great disappointment. We could be on the floor today to enact a longer term FAA reauthorization bill. In the last 2 years, the Subcommittee 
on Aviation, led by my colleague from New Jersey, Mr. LOBIONDO , has held 16 
hearings on a variety of topics. We have heard from stakeholders that there is a long list of things that we need to do to stay competitive with our economic rivals and keep our airspace the safest and most efficient in the world: 
We need to reform aircraft certification so that manufacturers can get the newest, safest equipment to market. 
We need to set clear rules for unmanned aerial vehicles and accelerate efforts for their safe use. 
We need to advance NextGen programs to move air traffic faster and more efficiently. 
Chairman SHUSTER , Chairman L OBIONDO , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and I 
have achieved a bipartisan agreement on most of these major key issues that we need to address. That bill is ready to go. 
that we needed to privatize air traffic control. Now, some people want to privatize air traffic control. I know that they want to do this in good faith. But we don’t need to do it, and it is preventing the things that we need to do from getting done. 
up because we can’t agree yet on the details of what would be a very complex proposal. I fail to understand why at this juncture such a proposal is necessary, particularly when it prevents significant and muchneeded reform from taking place. 
safely operate the most complex and congested airspace in the world. Last year the Government Accountability Office asked 76 aviation stakeholders whether the FAA is capable of operating an efficient air traffic control system. The overwhelming majority, 64 of those, said the FAA is, in fact, capable of doing so. Privatizing the current system is clearly not a pressing need. It is a want. 
I wish I could say today I am surprised that we find ourselves here today, but many people have been saying for a long time that this was the situation that we would be facing on September 30. In fact, when we held a hearing on air traffic privatization back in March, I predicted we were headed down this road of multiple shortterm reauthorizations. 
and I have agreed to would have immediate benefits all over the country. 
would protect and create American jobs through airport construction and aerospace manufacturing; it would improve aviation safety; it would improve the way the aircraft and parts are certified to get newer and safer technology to market; it would build on the safety improvements that this body has made following the tragic Colgan 
flight 3407 in 2009; it would improve the regulation and the development of unmanned aerial systems, which continue to proliferate in our airspace. 
in place to safely grow the unmanned aircraft industry, and until we act, that system cannot be in place. For every day of this extension, travelers and the aerospace industry will not receive the improvements and protections that we have crafted in the bipartisan portions of the bill that we are close to agreeing on. We will continue to fall behind other countries that are making similar improvements. 
stakeholders recall, the last FAA reauthorization bill came after a period of 5 years and 23 shortterm extensions. I had hoped we would avoid serial extensions this time around, but today we start down that path. 
am here to support a temporary extension and strongly urge all my colleagues to make sure this is the only temporary extension before enactment of a longterm bill. 
We have a long list of things that we 
need to do today to improve our airspace. We should focus on those things instead of the things only that we want to do. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the chairman of the committee. 
are with a shortterm extension for 6 months. I believe it is critical that we do this, obviously, as it is about to expire. There are things that not only do we want to do, but we need to do, to make sure that we have the safest airspace in the world. 
We also need to make sure it is the 
most efficient airspace in the world. We can do that if we deploy the technology and the things we have been talking about for almost 2 years now to transform the FAA into something that can move quicker, that can deploy the technology that is available to us. 
there are over 50 countries that have taken the air traffic control organization out of government and have been able to maintain the highest levels of safety, but deploy technology that makes their airspace more efficient. That is the kind of thing we are looking at. 
What we have been talking about is not anything new. It is something that we have been talking about for 20 years. In fact, the Clinton administration had a similar proposal, the Bush administration had a similar proposal, and here we are today talking about it. But I think that we have different groups that are looking positively at this. 
We are very close to putting something together that, as I said, will transform the air traffic control system while keeping back in government 
this agency to make sure that we are streamlining the certification process for our aviation industry that is manufacturing everything from Boeings to Gulfstreams, to the avionics, to the parts that go into these flying systems. 
the world. The way we do that is to streamline the certification process. The gentleman from Washington, who has Boeing in his district, agrees with me on that issue. There is a lot more in this that we need to do to move forward. 
and into October, we are going to be able to see the bill that we have put forth that is going to have, I believe, bipartisan support not only from Congress, but around the country, around Washington, D.C., and, as I said, here in the House. In talking to the Senate, I am encouraged by what they have said about what we are looking at proposing. 
Again, I would encourage all Members to support this 6month extension to give us the time to get our bill on and off the floor and let the Senate work on it so we can truly do something that is bold, do something that is transformational, and do something that will be very, very positive for aviation, not only travel, but for the manufacturing industry in this country. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LOBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, again, I 
would like to thank Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, and Mr. L ARSEN . I urge all 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, with passage of 
H.R. 3614 today, the House will ‘‘kick the can down the road’’ on a longterm FAA reauthorization for another six months. I certainly recognize the dire need to keep our airports and air travel system functioning in the face of an expiration of the FAA’s authorization in less than 72 hours. However, I’m very disappointed that this bill does not contain any changes to current policy regarding aircraft noise impacts on communities surrounding airports. 
throughout my Congressional District have experienced an alarming increase in aircraft noise due to the implementation of new flight paths under the FAA’s Next Gen program. The new flight paths have caused certain communities to be hit especially hard by airplane noise, and other rural communities that have never experienced it are now being bombarded by noise. Many of these communities received little or no advance notice or opportunity to comment on the flight path changes before they were implemented, and they were blindsided when the changes went into effect earlier this year. 
Skies Caucus so that together we could make recommendations for the Transportation Committee to include in an FAA reauthorization bill. These recommendations include: ensuring that FAA completes a robust community engagement process before flight paths are changed; requiring the FAA to use a new method of measuring noise that captures the true levels of noise on the ground; removing the categorical exclusion from full environmental reviews for flight path changes; and mandating independent research on the health impacts of aviation noise. These important reforms would substantially improve the FAA’s process of addressing and avoiding noise impacts. 
Once again, I wish to express my disappointment that the bill before us today simply reauthorizes the FAA for another six months with none of these important changes included. As the debate over a longterm FAA reauthorization continues, I hope these recommendations will be carefully considered and ultimately included in the final legislation. The ability to get a good night’s sleep for thousands of my constituents depends on it. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2061) to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Equitable Access to Care and Health Act’’ or the ‘‘EACH Act’’. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘medical health services’ does not include routine 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L EVIN) each 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2061 currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise to speak in favor of the EACH 
Act. This bill would expand the religious liberty exemption to the individual mandate. Right now the exemption is minuscule. To qualify, you have to believe as a matter of faith in giving up any private or public insurance, including Social Security. That includes the Amish, the Order of Mennonites, and that is about it. That is way too strict. 
mandate in the first place. The other side said that, if you get sick and you don’t have insurance, the rest of us will have to pay for your health care. Well, we are talking about people who do not use health care. So why should they have to be forced to buy insurance for health care that they don’t use? 
I don’t think we should force anybody to buy health insurance against their will, for that matter, but I think it is especially wrong to force people to buy insurance against their faith. This bill simply says: If you, as a matter of faith, don’t use health care, then you are exempt from the individual mandate. 
long overdue change today. I would note that this came out of committee on a voice vote. I encourage Members to support it. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
ACA mirrors other religious exemptions used in the Internal Revenue Code. The EACH Act provides that anyone who ‘‘is a member of a religious sect that relies solely on religious methods of healing and for whom medical care is inconsistent with religious beliefs’’ can claim a religious exemption from the individual mandate requirement. 
As a step to maintain a narrowly defined religious exemption and meet concerns, this legislation is written more precisely than the previous bill that passed unanimously in this House. 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS), the 
his leadership on this issue. I really appreciate the Committee on Ways and Means allowing me, a noncommittee member, to be able to take this important piece of legislation to the floor today. 
Today this Congress has an opportunity to work in a bipartisan way to promote religious liberty and, frankly, Mr. Speaker, fairness. H.R. 2061, the EACH Act, does this by modestly expanding the religious conscience exemption under the Affordable Care Act to include individuals like Christian Scientists, who rely solely on religious methods of healing. 
The existing religious conscience exemption under the Affordable Care Act exclusively applies, as Chairman RYAN 
said, to a few certain sects of faith. As a result, many Americans—as I mentioned before, the Christian Scientists—are required to purchase medical health insurance that does not cover the health care of their religious practice or choice. Alternatively, they are forced to pay tax penalties for not purchasing such insurance. 
passed this House unanimously under the suspension of the rules during the last Congress. In order to improve the bill, as Mr. LEVIN, my colleague stated, 
modest changes to this bill’s language were made, with input from the Department of Treasury, the Department of Health and Human Services, and other key stakeholders. 
Under this bill’s new language, applicants must annually attest to the exchange that they are a member of a religious group, that they rely solely on a religious method of healing, and that they have not received medical health services during the preceding taxable year. 
from the American Academy of Pediatrics, the bill now makes it clear that the legislation does not preempt any State laws requiring the provision of 
medical treatment for children. Further, if a parent needs to provide necessary medical services to a child, doing so would not invalidate the individual’s exemption. 
bipartisan legislation with input from stakeholders to make it better. As of today, it has more than 100 Republican and more than 60 Democratic cosponsors. 
worked with my friend and colleague, Mr. KEATING , on moving this legislation forward. He knows this issue well. His home State of Massachusetts established a similar religious conscience exemption in State law, and it is working just as planned. 
Principia College in Elsah, Illinois. It is a college for Christian Scientists. I am proud to stand up and promote their religious liberty and that of many others in this great Nation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 139) to permanently allow an exclusion under the Supplemental Security Income program and the Medicaid program for compensation provided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or conditions. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D OGGETT ) each 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 139, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of S. 139, the Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act. 
says that there are 7,000 rare diseases affecting people in the United States, and if we are going to find cures for those diseases, the first thing we need to do is to get people to participate in clinical trials. All too often, researchers cannot find enough participants because so few people have these diseases in the first place. 
Now—no surprise here—the government used to make it more difficult for researchers to find people. Say you had a rare disease and you were on public assistance, like SSI or Medicaid. If you got compensated for participating in one of these trials, you got smaller benefits. That is why, in 2010, we passed the Improving Access to Clinical Trials Act. 
For the past 5 years, this law has allowed people to collect up to $2,000 per year by participating in raredisease clinical trials without threat of losing their SSI or Medicaid benefits. The GAO says the law is working. Ever since we passed this law, more people on SSI have been participating in clinical trials as a result of it. 
week, on October 5, so this bill would simply extend current law. That way, more people can participate in clinical trials without any reason to worry or without any threat to a loss of their benefits, and that way, we will continue to make strides in fighting these diseases. CBO tells us this bill will cost virtually nothing. 
My friends, Senator HATCH and Senator W YDEN , introduced this bill in the 
Senate. It passed the Senate by unanimous consent. In the House, my colleagues Mr. DOGGETT and Mr. M ARINO  
from Pennsylvania have introduced it along with 50 other cosponsors. 
listing the many supporters of this legislation. It is a list of over 70 organizations, including the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, the Muscular Dystrophy Association, and the Huntington’s Disease Society of America, just to name a few. 
Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Human Resources, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
undersigned organizations, representing millions of Americans with rare and genetic diseases, advocates, industry, and academic institutions, write to express strong support for H.R. 209/S. 139, the Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2015. This legislation will permanently remove a barrier to clinical research and allow Supplemental Security Income (SSI) and Medicaid recipients to participate in and benefit from clinical trials without fear of losing vital benefits. 
of 2015 eliminates the sunset clause from the Improving Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2009 (IACT), legislation signed into law in 2010, making the IACT a permanent law. This will allow patients with rare diseases to continue to receive up to $2,000 in compensation for participating in clinical trials without that compensation counting towards 
Removing barriers to drug trial participation is particularly important as recent advances in medical research and technology allow for the development of new and promising medications. Securing an adequate number of clinical trial participants is vital for therapies that treat rare conditions, but rare disease researchers in particular often have difficulty recruiting drug trial participants, simply because they have a smaller pool of patients. 
Further, with the advent of precision medicine, therapies are being customized to treat a patient’s specific genetic makeup. These types of trials often require clinical trial participants bearing specific genetic mutations, which necessarily creates an even more complex and exclusive clinical trial recruitment process. Ensuring that all patients with rare diseases are able to participate in clinical trials can help open the door for the advancement of new targeted therapies in many important areas of medicine, including cancer and rare diseases like cystic fibrosis. 
Now is the time to ensure that all patients 
have access to clinical trials for potentially lifesaving treatments. We look forward to working with you to secure passage of this bill to enable Social Security beneficiaries to participate in clinical trials so that research into lifesaving treatments may continue to advance. 
Alpha1 Foundation ALS Association American Association for Respiratory Care 
Amyloidosis Support Groups Inc. Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of 
Chicago Antonio J. and Janet Palumbo Cystic Fibrosis Center, Pediatric and Adult Program, Children’s Hospital of Pittsburgh UPMC 
Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) CADASIL Association Inc. CardioFacioCutaneous International CARES Foundation, Inc. (Congenital Adrenal hyperplasia Research, Education and Support Foundation) 
COPD Foundation Cure CMD Cure SMA Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Cystinosis Foundation Debra of America FasterCures First Focus Foundation Fighting Blindness Foundation for PraderWilli Research Foundation to Eradicate Duchenne Friedreich’s Ataxia Research Alliance 
Genetic Alliance Hide & Seek Foundation for Lysosomal Disease Research 
Lymphedema Advocacy Group Maine Medical Center CF Program MCM Network MEBO Research, Inc. Medical College of Wisconsin, Milwaukee 
MitoAction MLD Foundation Moebius Syndrome Foundation Muscular Dystrophy Association Myotonic Dystrophy Foundation National Gaucher Foundation, Inc. National MPS Society National Organization for Albinism and 
National PKU Alliance National Spasmodic Torticollis Association Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy (PPMD) Parents and Researchers Interested in 
Progeria Research Foundation ProMedica Toledo Children’s Hospital PXE International Research! America Rett Syndrome Research Trust Stanley Manne Children’s Research Institute Tarlov Cyst Disease Foundation The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia The Detroit Medical Reserve Corps The Massachusetts Medical Society The National Alopecia Areata Foundation 
Trimethylaminuria Foundation Tuberous Sclerosis Alliance University of Michigan Health System, Cystic Fibrosis Center 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. This is common sense, and I urge my colleagues to adopt this. 
to make. Nick Gwyn, the minority staff director of the Human Resources Subcommittee on Ways and Means, is retiring. 
I would like to take a minute to recognize Nick Gwyn for his work on this issue. He is leaving the staff of Ways and Means after serving on the committee since 1998. This should be the last of many bills that he has helped our colleagues manage on the floor. 
During his time staffing the committee, Nick has worked on numerous laws related to welfare, disability, and unemployment policy. He also worked closely with our staff to create bipartisan child welfare laws that found more loving families for children in need. 
of his career, and we thank him for his service to the committee, the House, and the country. 
wanted to honor Mr. Gwyn, and this is a good opportunity for us to do that. 
to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN), the ranking Democrat on the 
say a few words, when many, many are in order. 
said, a more than valuable member of this staff and a more than dedicated member of this staff. He has been invaluable. His dedication has been endless. 
other needs. He knows he is going to leave us in need, in terms of his immense talents. His dedication to the subject matter that is, by definition, so directly involved with people is really beyond estimation. 
said, with the everyday challenges that so many of the citizens in this country face day in and day out. It was only a few days ago that we heard from Pope Francis how important it is for this institution to focus on the individual needs of people, including those who are poor, some with handicaps, but everybody who is in need of a hand up, really, as much, if not more than, a helping hand. And Nick has devoted over a dozen years to this very purpose. 
So, if I might say so, we have worked 
together with Nick, and we just want to thank him for more than a job well done. We have been very proud to serve with him. 
I will just add, Nick, that I know you 
benefited from your good counsel before becoming the ranking Democrat on the Human Resources Subcommittee, I particularly appreciated your good counsel during the last 3 years, whether it was working on child abuse and our successful work with former Chair Dave Camp and getting a national commission or dealing with problems of the unemployed. 
subcommittee is about children, children in need. Whether they are under this SSI program or child abuse or child care, they are children who should be able to rely on the Temporary Assistance for Needy Family program for their needs. 
children and someone who did work well, as Chairman RYAN said, with all 
members of our committee to advance these purposes. We wish him well in his new endeavors, and we thank him for his service. 
little bit about the Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act, it is about getting new treatments quickly into the lives of patients that are suffering from dread diseases across America, reauthorizing existing law. 
successfully in the Senate with Senator HATCH . And here, my colleagues, 
Mr. M ARINO and Mr. J IMMCGOVERN , co 
chairs of the Cystic Fibrosis Caucus, joined with me in the introduction of this legislation in the House. 
Disorders, and over 75 other organizations, has been a strong supporter of this legislation, and I thank them for their work on behalf of the legislation. 
is due to expire that will allow for individuals with certain debilitating conditions to exempt a small amount of their income gained from participating in medical trials from Supplemental Security Income, or SSI, and for Medicaid eligibility determination. 
This exemption removes an important barrier to participating in clinical trials. If it is allowed to expire, patients contributing to vital research could face the difficult decision of either dropping out of the trials altogether or losing their benefits. 
with cystic fibrosis or someone in your family has it, you recognize how small the daily challenges that you face are compared to theirs. 
who has two children battling with rare diseases. She explained that patients shouldn’t have to worry about losing assistance when they are just working hard to stay alive. 
heard from a number of families affected by rare diseases. These are parents who shared with me how far reaching the modest relief this bill provides can provide for a number of people. One couple recently sent me a picture of their 15yearold son Mac Rung, who was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis at birth. Every morning and every evening, Mac undergoes chest therapy in order to clear his lungs and to avoid serious damage to help him get through the day. He takes medications with every meal to help him absorb his food and gain weight. He is battling a disease that many Americans have never heard of at an age where he shouldn’t have to worry about anything other than school. And because this disease is progressive, they are really working against the clock. 
drugs, they told me that they never have had as much hope for Mac and his future as they do today. And while they are not a family that themselves rely on the bill that we have today before us, as Chairman RYAN indicated, 
they, and anyone with these rare diseases, stand to benefit if we have widespread participation in clinical trials on the approval of other new promising drugs like the ones that are already helping Mac. 
people for participating in research does nothing to advance that research. The National Institutes of Health— NIH, as we know it—estimates that 25 million Americans are suffering because of rare disease. 
join the Senate in approving the Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act and that we continue this important effort to support patients across the country. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 209, the Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act, legislation that I have cosponsored. 
do not stall patients from participating in rare disease clinical trials. This bill will continue to encourage rare disease patients, even those receiving Social Security Income or Medicaid benefits, to participate in clinical trials without jeopardizing their eligibility for those benefits. All patients should have access to these important and often lifesaving trials that will advance medical research and work towards improving their health. 
step to pass this legislation, and I encourage my colleagues to advance this commonsense, bipartisan initiative and send it to the President’s desk for his signature. I thank the chairman and all those involved in the House for their work on this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I also urge 
our colleagues to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. 
to support S. 139, the Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2015. This bill will ensure current Supplemental Security Income (SSI) and Medicaid recipients can maintain those benefits while participating in clinical trials. Keeping their benefits will help them, but as a doctor I know that their participation in such trials stands to benefit countless others as well who suffer from rare conditions, both in the U.S. and abroad. We should ensure that public policy encourages that whenever we can, and that’s what this bill does. 
Under current law, the Social Security Administration excludes up to $2,000 annually in compensation received by individuals participating in rare disease clinical trials when determining their SSI and Medicaid eligibility and benefits. But this provision, put in place by bipartisan legislation in 2010, is set to expire on October 5, 2015. After that date, all payments for participating in such clinical trials would be counted as income for SSI and Medicaid recipients, reducing or even ending their eligibility for those benefits. 
Cystic Fibrosis receive SSI benefits. If this policy is not made permanent, an individual participating in a clinical trial for a new treatment for Cystic Fibrosis could see a reduction or even the complete elimination of those important benefits. 
risk, and will avoid participating in such trials. As GAO found in a 2014 report, ‘‘some stakeholders noted that compensation decreased participation in clinical trials in the past because individuals were concerned about its impact on their SSI eligibility and benefits.’’ On the other hand, ‘‘financial incentives to participate in clinical trials have generally been found to encourage participation in trials. This is likely because of the time, inconvenience, and expense that may be involved.’’ 
actually prevent clinical trials from occurring, since it would restrict the already small number of people able to participate in the trial in the first place. 
That’s why the passage of S. 139 is so important, as it will remove the sunset date for current law—October 5, 2015. Failing to do so would force individuals to once again choose between maintaining their current health and disability benefits and the chance to participate in a clinical trial that could improve or even cure their condition, as well as help others like them in the future. 
This bill is simple and consistent with current SSI program exemptions. S. 139 strikes the October 5, 2015 sunset date on current policy, permitting SSI and Medicaid recipients with rare diseases to participate in such trials that help to advance research into finding cures. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that S. 139 will result in insignificant costs to the Federal government over the next 10 years, meaning no offset for this legislation is required. 
But its true value to people with rare diseases—and those who in the future might benefit by their participation in clinical trials permitted under this legislation—could be enormous. Let’s pass this important legislation. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3594) to extend temporarily the Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Higher Education Extension Act of 2015’’. 
461 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087aa) is amended— 
received a loan made under this part for an academic year ending prior to October 1, 2016, an institution of higher education that has most recently made such a loan to the student for an academic program at such institution may continue making loans under this part through March 31, 2018, from the student loan fund established under this part by the institution to enable the student to continue or complete such academic program, but only if the institution has awarded all Federal Direct Stafford Loans for which such student is eligible. 
LOANFUNDS .—Section 466 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087ff) is amended— 
by striking ‘‘After September 30, 2003, and not later than March 31, 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘Beginning October 1, 2016’’; and 
rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from 
Wisconsin (Mr. P OCAN ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 3594. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and rise in support of the Higher Education Extension Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, this week, several provisions of the Higher Education Extension Act are set to expire, including the Perkins Loan Program. 
Loan Program has provided lowinterestrate loans to college students with severe financial need. If we allow this program to expire, it would be at a time when our Nation’s higher education system is failing many students trying to earn a college degree and a lifetime of opportunity and success. 
rules and regulations discourage innovation and deny access, and students are struggling to complete their education, not to mention find goodpaying jobs. 
students from my home State of Michigan and across the country. The American people deserve better. Students and families in my district and across the country deserve better, and my three children, who will one day in the notsodistant future begin their college careers, deserve better. The reauthorization of the Higher Education Extension Act presents Congress an opportunity to strengthen higher education for students, families, and taxpayers. 
proposed a number of responsible reforms that promise to promote innovation, strengthen transparency, and help students complete their education. Members are also working to streamline the confusing maze of financial programs so that students can get the support they need. 
As we continue our efforts to reauthorize the law, now is not the time to turn our backs on the students who rely on the Perkins Loan Program for their college education. Now is the time to help meet the immediate need of students in Michigan and across our country, and the Higher Education Extension Act of 2015 will do just exactly that. 
for 1 year the Perkins Loan Program, allowing participating colleges and universities to continue to service their borrowers. It will also allow current Perkins recipients who remain in the same academic program to be eligible to receive those funds through March 2018. The legislation will also extend other provisions in the Higher Education Extension Act that aim to support students, institutions, and policymakers. 
Finally, let me note for my colleagues and the American people, by reforming the Perkins Loan Program, we ensure that this legislation is fully paid for, at no additional cost to taxpayers. 
I am proud to lead this bipartisan effort with the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ), who shares my 
commitment to helping other students achieve their dream of a college education. 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Higher Education Extension Act of 2015. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the Higher Education Extension Act, and I would like to thank my colleague, Mr. BISHOP , as well as my colleagues, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. M ESSER , 
Loan Program for 1 year. Perkins loans are needbased loans which foster access to higher education for lowincome students by providing lowinterest loans to students in need. Colleges and universities tailor the program to best fit borrowers’ and educational institutions’ situations. 
with institutions contributing one third of their students’ awards. This ‘‘ownership interest’’ also contributes 
We have only 2 days before the Perkins Loan Program is set to expire, so we must act immediately. 
billion in loans have been made to students through almost 26 million aid awards. Perkins Loan borrowers are predominantly from lower income families and are often the first in their family to attend college. 
of 5 percent, which begins to accrue 9 months after the borrower ceases to be a student. However, this program has not been reauthorized since the 2009 fiscal year. 
Besides making higher education accessible for lower income students, this program serves as an incentive for people who wish to go into a public service by offering targeted loan cancellations for specific progression in areas of national need, including teaching, nursing, and law enforcement. 
Earlier this year, I introduced a bipartisan resolution in support of the Perkins loans with Congressman MESSER of Indiana, H. Res. 294, with 56 
cosponsors. My colleague Representative LOUISE SLAUGHTER , a leader on 
this issue, offered a letter with more than 90 bipartisan signatures in support of this important program. Over 33 groups and higher educational institutions have supported this bill’s reauthorization. 
Bottom line, the Perkins Loan Program has helped millions of students and families struggling to find a way to pay for college. I applaud my colleague 
across the aisle, specifically, a thank you to Mr. BISHOP , for helping to ensure students have access to Federal financial aid that they need to make college affordable and accessible. 
I urge support of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). 
BISHOP and Congressman P OCAN for introducing H.R. 3594, the Higher Education Extension Act. 
supporting a bipartisan effort to avoid the expiration of the Federal Perkins Loan Program, a program that helps make college affordable for lowincome students across the country. 
State, and across the country, colleges and universities use the Perkins Loan Program to expand access to higher education. For example, Linfield College and Pacific University, in my district, award Perkins loans to hundreds of students; and University of Oregon and Oregon State University distribute Perkins loans to thousands, providing a clear benefit to students who have significant financial need. 
Higher Education Extension Act, it is important that we continue to increase access to affordable higher education. 
I commend my colleague for introducing the Higher Education Extension Act, and I ask all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan bill. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). 
thank my colleagues for this bipartisan effort, and I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. 
lowinterest loans to economically disadvantaged students to help finance their postsecondary educations. 
nearly 540,000 American students nationwide in the 2013–2014 academic year by providing $1.2 billion in loans. More than 1,500 colleges and universities across the United States participate in this popular program. 
sometimes viewed as benefiting students predominately in the Northeast, California is the second largest recipient. In California, more than 46,000 students received these loans last year. These loans resulted in more than $105 million in the last year to California students. 
who attend California schools, like Saint Mary’s College in my district, are able to receive a topnotch education through assistance programs like the Perkins Loan Program. Increasing access and improving affordability translates to increased opportunities for students and improves the Nation’s economy by ensuring that today’s students are tomorrow’s highly trained workforce. 
This bill is a necessary step to ensuring that our students continue to receive the assistance they need and deserve. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), who has been a 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I am very grateful to Mr. BISHOP and to 
Mr. M ESSER and Mr. P OCAN and all others who worked on this really important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, the Perkins Loan Program is 57 years old. It is the Nation’s longest running Federal student loan program. It is unlike any other Federal student aid program because this critical program is specifically directed at helping lowincome students afford the cost of higher education. It helps the deserving students who would not be able to afford a college education otherwise, students that save up and work hard for every credit that they earn. 
students across the country, nearly 50,000 from the State of New York and over 6,000 in my district alone, would not have access to a critical safety net. 
student aid, and acts as a lifeline when unforeseen disruptions jeopardize a 
student’s ability to pay for college. They offer an affordable alternative to private student loans and, furthermore, they are selfsustaining, meaning that as graduated students pay back their loans, they fund the current students’ loans. 
This summer, 94 bipartisan colleagues joined me in a letter urging Chairman KLINE and Ranking Member 
Program was not allowed to expire, and I am grateful for their help here on this today. 
I stood with students and the presidents of colleges and universities in my district, two of whom have received Perkins loans themselves, to voice support for the continuation of the program. Among the people attending were three medical students from the University of Rochester. Heaven knows, we cannot afford to lose the services of three medical students. 
and to hear from advocates and students who see and experience the benefits of the Perkins loans every day. 
reauthorization and look forward to working with my colleagues in the coming months to secure one, I am pleased that the Higher Education Extension Act succeeds in keeping the program alive, ensures that next year’s incoming class will be able to access Perkins loans, and buys us some time to secure a lasting extension. 
those students whose education dreams depend on having the Perkins loans. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to again thank Representative BISHOP for all your work on 
this—thank you very much—and Chairman KLINE and Ranking Member 
of how we can work together in a committee to make sure that higher educational needs are met. 
I represent about 75,000 higher education students. With UW Madison as the flagship, about 45,000 students, we have other campuses for the UW system, Beloit College and other smaller private colleges, Madison College and others. 
not just back home in Wisconsin, but across the country; and the fact that we are able to get this done in a bipartisan manner shows how I think Congress can work its very best. So I urge my colleagues to support this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
complete higher education is a goal we all share. Research shows that students who earn a degree or credential are more likely to succeed in today’s global economy. 
Degree are expected to earn 27 percent more than those with a high school diploma over the course of a lifetime, underscoring the value of higher education. 
students complete their studies within 6 years often because they can’t afford to. Failure to pass the Higher Education Extension Act of 2015 will only make it more difficult for some students to access and complete their education. 
Students across the country—including in my home State of Michigan— count on the Perkins Loan Program to help afford a college education. By supporting this responsible bipartisan legislation, we will deliver certainty to students and institutions as we continue to work on the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. 
the Higher Education Extension Act of 2015, I would like to emphasize the importance of higher education in assisting our young people in building the knowledge and skills that will allow them to succeed in the workforce and, ultimately, help U.S. businesses and industry to compete in the global market. 
Michigan is home to many outstanding colleges and universities and I often speak with families throughout the 14th District and the state about the financial burden created by the increasing cost of higher education. Like many Americans, I firmly believe that making higher education more affordable and accessible should be among our foremost priorities. During a recent trip to my District, I spoke with a student who held a fulltime job while in school because her family could not afford her tuition. Although work can be extremely rewarding and helps to build a strong workethic, students who are forced to work long hours and attend school fulltime often suffer diminished academic success. 
Since 1986, the Federal Perkins Loan Program has been an essential part of college financial aid packages because it provides a longterm and lowinterest alternative to expensive private loans for students. Extending the Perkins Loan Program will provide lower income students with the funding they need to attend college with their full focus on their education. Additionally, the cost of this extension is not borne by taxpayers. Rather, the Perkins Loan Program fully funds itself when past loan recipients payoff the balance of their loan. 
I am proud that our Chamber has taken this 
important step toward ensuring all young people have the opportunity to benefit from a world class education. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting the fight to make higher education affordable and accessible for all Americans. Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would extend the Perkins Loan program for one year, so that students who have demonstrated exceptional financial need can complete their undergraduate or graduate education in order to become academically qualified to join our workforce. 
students well by offering lowcost loans with flexible repayment terms and generous forgiveness options. They are often the difference between whether or not our students can afford to attend college, including 12,000 students in Texas. 
500,000 students who needed financial assistance were awarded nearly $1 billion in Perkins loans. And throughout its 57year history, more than 30 million students with need have benefited from this program. 
The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that the federal government will reclaim nearly $5 billion in revenue from Perkins loans over the next ten years. That is $5 billion that should be returned to students to help keep college affordable for the most financially challenged students. And that is $5 billion that would have been lost if the program is not extended. 
the necessary flexibility to help students cover their expenses after federal grants and Stafford loans are applied or unforeseen circumstances jeopardize a student’s ability to pay for college. 
If we want the United States of America to 
remain a global leader with the competitive edge necessary to sustain economic growth and job creation, we need the best, most highly trained workforce to sustain our advantages. The Perkins Loan program is a major part of helping our students develop, reach for and join that workforce. 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle to extend the federal Perkins Loan program. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2617) to amend the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 to postpone a scheduled increase in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
each industry and classification as of September 29, 2015; and 
SAMOA .—Not later than 1 year after the date 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H.R. 2617. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This legislation is simple and straightforward. It would delay for 15 months a minimum wage increase that will take effect in American Samoa in just 2 days. If this increase takes effect, it will harm the very people it was intended to help, the hardworking men and women of American Samoa. 
quite simple. We are here because the local government in American Samoa is urging us to do this. We are here because the employers in American Samoa, who are few and far between, are urging us to do this. And, most importantly, we are here because the 
it. Those are the facts that have been reported by the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office. For years, the territory has been plagued by a weak economy, fewer jobs, and higher inflation. 
The tuna canning industry, an essential part of the American Samoa economy, has been hit especially hard. According to our own independent government watchdog, previous wage increases have forced employers to delay expansion, limit overtime, and cut labor costs, which means that they have ultimately had to lay off workers. Many fear these tough challenges will only get worse if we fail to act now. 
first time we have had to take this step. When our Democratic colleagues were in control a few years back, they passed legislation delaying the arbitrary wage increase they set in motion. That effort passed with strong bipartisan support, and I expect today’s legislation will as well. 
I also want to note that the legislation will help us end a dangerous pattern of uncertainty and lastminute delays. Under the bill, the Government Accountability Office is required to report on alternatives to setting the minimum wage in American Samoa. 
No doubt there are a number of alternatives Congress could consider. For example, local leaders have proposed bestowing upon them the responsibility for setting wages in their local communities. While this is certainly an interesting idea, it is a debate for another day. 
In closing, I wish to thank my colleague from American Samoa, Delegate AMATA RADEWAGEN , for authoring this 
legislative proposal and for her tireless leadership on behalf of her constituents. 
with the people of American Samoa and support this legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Mr. Speaker, reducing the income inequality between the people I represent in the Northern Mariana Islands and Americans in the rest of our Nation is one of my key goals as a Member of Congress. 
Marianas was just $20,000 in the last census compared to $53,000 nationwide. For that reason, I have always supported the decision made in the 110th Congress to raise the minimum wage in the Marianas to the U.S. level in a series of graduated steps. 
Public Law 110–28, the locally set minimum wage in the Mariana Islands was just $3.05 per hour and the minimum wage had been stuck at that level since the 1990s. Today the minimum wage has effectively doubled to $6.05 and will 
has occurred during a period of economic difficulty for the Mariana Islands. Gross domestic product was dropping by 8 percent, 12 percent, 19 percent in the first 3 years of minimum wage increase. 
drops had nothing to do with the wage and everything to do with the loss of manufacturing because of the General Agreement of Tariffs and Trade and because of a loss of tourism. 
GDP data is available for our islands, we had economic growth of 4.4 percent, even as the minimum wage continued to rise. 
The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis says that this economic growth reflects a growth in tourism, especially an increase in tourism from China. But it also reflects a growth in consumption because workers who are paid more can spend more, and that is good for the economy. 
So I look forward to next year’s increase of another 50 cents in the minimum wage in the Mariana Islands. I look forward to reaching the national minimum wage in 2019, and I support legislation raising the national minimum wage because I have now seen in my district that increasing wages can have a positive impact on economic activity and improve people’s lives. 
there is such a thing as economic reality. Raising the minimum wage too quickly could have a detrimental effect, could cause employment to shrink. For that reason, over the last 7 years that I have been in Congress, I worked with Members on both sides of the aisle to tailor the minimum wage increases to the specific economic realities in my district. 
year, as the original law required, we skipped the increases in 2011, 2013, and this year, 2015. We arrived at the decision to stretch out the time of the increases by listening to employers on the island and to workers because workers also understand that increasing wages too quickly could jeopardize their jobs. We also listened carefully to the Government Accountability Office experts who look at the effect of these minimum wage increases periodically and report back to Congress. 
I think that, so far, as least, we have 
successfully walked the fine line. We have kept the minimum wage increasing—faster than prices, GAO tells us— without disrupting the economy. 
here in Congress, who agreed to slow down the increases, and to Republicans, who agreed to let the minimum wage keep going up. They did so, I think, because of a recognition that a relatively isolated island economy might need special consideration and because, when it comes to a decision that only affects a Member’s own district, there is a tradition of deference 
here in Congress to the views of that Member. 
saying that I support H.R. 2617, the bill now under consideration. 
determination that what is best for her constituents is to delay further increases in the minimum wage. She too represents a relatively isolated island economy. Her constituents too have incomes much below the U.S. average. The specific economic factors in American Samoa are not the same as in the Northern Mariana Islands. 
may be appropriate, I would not want to imply a further delay for the Northern Marianas is called for at this time. But I do think that the same courtesy that the House has provided to me, when it comes to making a judgment about the wellbeing of the people I represent, should be given to the Delegate from American Samoa with respect to her own district. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ). 
is an honor and a privilege for me to serve the people of American Samoa in the U.S. House of Representatives. My home district of American Samoa, an isolated group of islands, is 6 hours by plane south of Hawaii. 
three main exports as canned tuna, military personnel, and NFL players. 
canned tuna, though. Due to an oversight, the Fair Minimum Wage Act, which became law in 2007, contained language that stipulated that American Samoa must raise its minimum wage by 50 cents every 3 years starting in 2009 until it meets the Federal standard. 
Since that time, Congress has graciously granted two waivers to American Samoa which prevents them from having to institute the increase, and wisely so. Had Congress not granted the waivers, the effects would have been absolutely devastating to our local economy, of which the tuna canneries comprise 80 percent. 
was passed in 2007, American Samoa had two canneries on the island. As a direct result of the law and concern with future wage increases, in 2009, the day after a deadly tsunami struck our island, the cannery operated by Chicken of the Sea relocated to Thailand, causing thousands to instantly lose their jobs and hundreds shortly followed. 
pays their workers a mere $1.25 an hour and are rumored to be cutting wages further in 2016, while the workers in 
hour. While $4.76 may not seem like a large amount here in the States, one must realize that, in American Samoa, the cost of living is drastically different. 
managed in American Samoa, there is actually no such thing as rent or a mortgage, items that often comprise up to onehalf of a person’s monthly expenses. Because our people do not have an expense for housing, $4.76 an hour goes much further than it would here in the States. 
While wellintended, the Fair Minimum Wage Act has placed the economic wellbeing of American Samoa in great jeopardy. No one would like to see the people of American Samoa prosper and have their wages increased more than I. 
mechanism for such a drastic increase, as it would surely be the proverbial nail in the coffin for the local economy, as the two canneries that are currently operating out of American Samoa have stated the strong possibility of having to leave our island because they simply would not be able to compete financially against their foreign competitors. One of these canneries just opened this year and is trying to establish a toehold in the region. Without the extension, this will be 
longterm continuity of the Pago Pago based canneries is now threatened by reduced tuna deliveries and supply, which will negatively affect cannery production, impact cannery employment and support services, and could possibly destroy American Samoa’s economy altogether. 
to reduce fishing opportunities by U.S. purse seine vessels on the high seas and within the U.S. EEZ. At the same time, the U.S. purse seine fleet contracted from 49 vessels in 1994 to 11 in 2007. 
of the purse seine fishery should have been recognized by the United States Government as significant in terms of fleet operations and the impact it would have on American Samoa. Unfortunately, it seems that the territory was not considered. 
Taiwanesebuilt vessels to become U.S. flagged, thereby receiving the same benefits afforded under the South Pacific Tuna Treaty. These new vessels fish farther away from American Samoa and predominantly offload their catch in Thailand. 
to pay a combined amount, from both government and industry, of approximately $90 million, while agreeing to further reduce the United States fishing effort on the high seas. After that, in 2014, the United States 
agreed to an inexcusable deal, to the detriment of American Samoa, reducing the amount of fishing days available in Kiribati waters to the United States fleet from 4,313 to just 300 days in just 1 year. Kiribati waters are typically the most productive purse seine fishing grounds in close proximity to Pago Pago. However, the American Samoabased purse seine vessels are now forced to travel great distances, making Pago Pago canneries less desirable and increasing transshipping to foreign ports. 
In addition, the expansion of the Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument and the high seas effort limit have further reduce the fishing grounds available to the American Samoabased purse seine fleet, lending to the dire situation facing American Samoa’s local canneries. These are waters that have been fished by our people for many centuries. 
states and territories in the Pacific, American Samoa and the fishing industry it supports should be afforded special recognition, not crushed by the worst aspects of capitalism—and I say this as a devout capitalist. 
Until we begin to safeguard our fishery interests in the region, American Samoa’s tuna fisheries will continue to wither, creating economic ruin in American Samoa, the other Pacific territories, and even Hawaii, leaving the United States as a passive observer in the world’s largest tuna fishery, leaving other nations such as China to run roughshod over fisheries to the detriment of not only the people, but the environment as well. 
missteps the United States has taken over the years which have left the American Samoa economy in this highly vulnerable position. The closing off of large swaths of ocean, under the guise of national monuments, which cover thousands of square miles of traditional fishing grounds that our people have used for centuries, to the reduction in allotted fishing days that have gone from over 4,000 to under 500 in just 1 year, this is certainly not the time to put further pressure on an industry that is seemingly under attack from all sides, a local industry that operates at a loss in comparison to its competitors when it comes to labor, due to their longstanding relationship with the people of American Samoa, for which we are very grateful. 
Mr. Speaker, I have heard some concern about Congress continuing to kick the can down the road on this issue. To those, I extend willing and eager hands for cooperation and assistance in fixing the mechanism by which the wages are set in American Samoa. The playing fields between the United States and American Samoa are too drastically different to place on the same wage scale, and to keep American Samoa tied to the current standard is dangerous and irresponsible. It is my plan to use the time granted in the extension to work on a new mechanism for setting the minimum wage rate in American Samoa, and I happily encourage fellow Members to join me in this mission. 
If there is ever any bill that I introduce that I wish I could vote against, this would be it. However, while it is difficult, I also know that it must be done. Oftentimes, the things that are the most difficult are also the most important, and currently, there is no issue more important to the economic wellbeing of American Samoa than this. 
my colleagues in both the House and Senate to support this legislation that is so absolutely critical to the economic stability of American Samoa. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 3 minutes. 
Speaker, I am afraid we will be back here in just a few months trying to figure out a way to subsidize what is already the most economically challenged territory or State in our Nation. 
have. There is no CocaCola or IBM. We have no Silicon Valley there to provide massive revenue and employment opportunity to the territory. There aren’t numerous military and government facilities that provide sources of economic growth. We are not surrounded by fellow States that enable us to expand to other markets. All we have is the tuna industry, and we are grateful for them. 
colleagues to support this unfortunate, yet essential, piece of legislation. If you cannot support it, all I ask is that you do not block it, because it would be absolutely devastating to our people. 
Ranking Member S COTT, and the committee staff for their assistance in getting this measure to the floor, as well as the numerous other staff and Members who put in many hours of hard work to get us here today. 
further speakers, and I do urge my colleagues to please support H.R. 2617. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
effort is supported by local leaders in American Samoa. It is supported by employers in American Samoa, and, most importantly, it is supported by the working men and women of American Samoa. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2617, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2786) to require the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to submit a report on crossborder rail security, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the following: 
United States by rail annually that are determined to be highrisk by the Commissioner. 
CBP personnel receive adequate training and guidance on the proper use of CBP’s Automated Targeting System for such highrisk crossborder rail shipments, the use of appropriate radiation detection equipment for examination of such highrisk crossborder rail shipments, and requirements for recording examination results. 
of the United States shall periodically audit U.S. Customs and Border Protection operations at rail crossings on the northern and southern international borders to ensure rail shipments are targeted, examined, and the results of such examinations properly documented. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V ELA) each 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of H.R. 2786, the CrossBorder Rail Security Act of 2015. 
First, I would like to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VELA), the 
ranking member of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, for introducing this thoughtful bill and working in a collaborative manner as this legislation moved through the committee process. 
the Commissioner of Customs and Border Protection to submit a report to Congress that outlines how and when highrisk rail shipments entering the United States are scanned for potential risks. 
a recent inspector general report that found CBP was inadequately targeting highrisk rail shipments arriving in the U.S. from Canada and Mexico. This bill will help Congress better understand the frequency and location of such highrisk shipments and detail the current state of radiation detection equipment on our international railways. 
Mr. Speaker, as many of my colleagues who also live along the border know, each year approximately 2.7 million containers enter the United States by rail. While most of the commodities transferred by rail do not pose significant homeland security threats, we must ensure that we are properly identifying and targeting those shipments which are high risk and conduct physical scanning when necessary. 
important to understand the capabilities of CBP, including the number, location, and type of detection equipment used at each crossborder rail crossing. We also need to understand what additional equipment and training is necessary to ensure our rail cargo system is secure. 
As we know, proper training is an important force multiplier which will help maximize effectiveness of our Customs and Border Protection Officers, reducing wait times and increasing security. 
Finally, H.R. 2786 requires the Government Accountability Office to perform a series of audits over CBP’s targeting of crossborder rail shipments. 
increase over the next 10 years. This bill will ensure CBP adequately addresses this vulnerability and implements proper standards of screening and targeting for rail cargo. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2786. 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 2786, the CrossBorder Rail Security Act. Mr. Speaker, in March of this year, 
the Department of Homeland Security’s inspector general released a report on highrisk crossborder rail cargo. The report concluded that U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or CBP, did not always use the required radiation detection equipment to examine shipments it determined to be high risk. Additionally, some ports of entry lacked the appropriate equipment to conduct these screenings, and training and oversight of targeting and examining such shipments was lacking. 
In response to these troubling findings, my bill would require the CBP Commissioner to submit to the relevant congressional committees within 180 days of enactment a report regarding highrisk crossborder rail cargo shipments entering the United States. 
the report to include information on the number of highrisk shipments crossing the border by rail, details on the radiation detection units at rail crossings, an assessment of whether additional equipment is necessary, and a plan for ensuring that all relevant CBP personnel receive appropriate training to appropriately target, examine, and record the disposition of such shipments. The bill requires the Government Accountability Office to audit periodically CBP operations at rail crossings to ensure rail shipments are being appropriately targeted, examined, and documented. 
vested interest in securing crossborder rail cargo. This past August, I was proud to be a part of the opening of the West Rail Bypass International Bridge located in Brownsville, Texas, the first international new rail crossing between the U.S. and Mexico in over a century. 
with these crossings, and, in fact, the majority of them are located on the northern border. The cargo that crosses by rail is destined for locations all over the United States, making the effective targeting and examining of highrisk shipments a national concern. 
Mr. Speaker, my committee colleagues unanimously supported this bill, and I urge all of my colleagues to help strengthen the crossborder rail security by supporting H.R. 2786. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee, I rise in support of H.R. 2786, the ‘‘CrossBorder Rail Security Act of 2015,’’ which directs U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to report to Congress on its inspection of highrisk shipments entering the United States by rail. 
report on the following matters related to homeland security: 
the number of highrisk rail shipments annually entering the country; 
an assessment of whether additional radiation detection equipment is necessary. 
The bill also requires CBP to develop a plan 
for ensuring that all relevant CBP personnel receive adequate training and guidance on the proper use of CBP’s Automated Targeting System for such shipments, and in the use of appropriate radiation detection equipment for shipment examination, and requirements for recording examination results. 
H.R. 2786 bill also requires the General Accountability Office to periodically audit CBP operations at rail crossings on borders to ensure rail shipments are targeted, examined, and the examination results are well documented. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is good for our nation 
and for my congressional district, which is centered in Houston, Texas. 
Houston has been the hub of railroad hub of 
Texas since the 1880s and is known as the place ‘‘where 17 railroads meet the sea.’’ 
It is also the ‘‘the energy capital of the 
Freight from the Houston area goes by railroad to destinations all over the United States, including Los Angeles, Long Beach, New York City, Charleston, and Savannah. 
Houston area each year; no other state comes close to the level of trade the metropolitan Houston region experiences. 
One billion tons of freight leaves the Houston area each year, nearly two/ thirds of which (645 million tons) involve goods come from foreign sources. 
Mexico supplies over 50% of all international freight in the Houston area. 
largest foreign freight trading partners, accounting for over 27% of international freight in the Houston area. 
me in supporting H.R. 2786 because the safety of rail transit is critical to the security of the homeland and strength of our economy. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2835) to actively recruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection officers, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Border Jobs 
at United States ports of entry carry out critical law enforcement duties associated with screening foreign visitors, returning United States citizens, and imported cargo entering the United States. 
States ports of entry to be adequately staffed with Customs and Border Protection officers in a timely fashion, including meeting the congressionally funded staffing target of 23,775 officers for fiscal year 2015. 
of the Armed Forces separate from military service every year. 
procedures must be enhanced to ensure that individuals separating from military service are aware of, and partake in, opportunities to fill vacant Customs and Border Protection officer positions. 
consider the expedited hiring of qualified candidates who have the ability to perform the essential functions of the position of a Customs and Border Protection officer and who are eligible for a veterans recruitment appointment authorized under section 4214 of title 38, United States Code. 
TO RECRUIT SERVICE MEMBERS SEPARATING FROM MILITARY SERVICE FOR CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION OFFICER VACANCIES. 
officer opportunities in relevant job assistance efforts under the Transition Assistance Program; 
transfer of relevant background investigations and security clearances; and 
necessary to ensure that members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service are aware of opportunities to fill vacant Customs and Border Protection officer positions. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and by December 31 of each of the next three years thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit a report to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate that includes a description and assessment of the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security to hire members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service as Customs and Border Protection officers under section 4. 
service members made aware of Customs and Border Protection officer vacancies; 
existing Federal veterans’ hiring preferences or Federal hiring authorities; or 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V ELA) each 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Act of 2015. This bill, which I introduced in June, seeks to increase the hiring of military veterans for Customs and Border Protection officer positions vital to our security here at home. 
The Border Jobs for Veterans Act addresses two critical priorities: ensuring full staffing at our ports of entry and helping separating servicemembers transition to civilian life. 
the U.S. border as well as several ports of entry. I visited our ports in Nogales and Douglas numerous times to hear about their operations firsthand and have seen the critical law enforcement duties carried out by CBP officers at these ports, such as screening visitors, returning U.S. citizens, and cargo entering the United States. 
the Mariposa port of entry in Nogales, just outside my district, reported that, while staffing numbers have grown nationally, ‘‘staffing numbers at Nogales and the Tucson Sector have remained essentially stagnant in recent memory while demand continues to grow.’’ 
Tucson field office is currently operating at a 20percent staffing deficit. While new hires have occurred since then, CBP estimates the Tucson field office still needs to fill roughly 200 officer positions. 
In my conversations with CBP officers, they have repeatedly told me that inadequate staffing levels hamper their ability to do their jobs. They cite problems with recruiting and retention of new officers as well as lengthy and cumbersome hiring process, including delays due to backlogs of the necessary background checks. After a recent reduction in that process by roughly 50 percent, it still takes 180 days to hire a new officer at ports where there is a strong need now. 
impediment to crossborder trade that powers both Arizona and the Nation’s economy. According to the Arizona Mexico Commission, more than 41.6 billion dollars’ worth of trade flows through Arizona’s ports of entry, $16 billion of which is attributed to bilateral trade with Mexico. 
ports of entry slows the flow of trade coming across the border, costing businesses millions of dollars, and ultimately hurts our attractiveness as a transportation and trade hub, something we simply cannot afford. 
300,000 members of the Armed Forces separate from military service. I recently visited the Veterans OneStop Center in Pima County in my district, which helps veterans find employment after they leave the military, and I listened to their challenges and their stories firsthand. 
and help to secure our ports than the highly trained patriotic Americans who just recently separated from the Armed Forces? That is why H.R. 2835 requires the 
Secretary of Homeland Security to work with the Department of Defense to enhance our efforts to recruit members of the military who are separating to serve as Customs and Border Protection officers. 
These efforts must include participation in relevant job fairs, transition programs, partnerships between CBP field offices and local military bases, and the identification of ways to streamline the transfer of background checks and security clearances. 
our military another opportunity to serve the Nation. All DHS has to do is make sure that they are aware of the opportunities available at our Nation’s 329 ports of entry. 
I want to thank my colleagues, Senators FLAKE , M CCAIN, JOHNSON , and 
on the Senate companion legislation and their help on the text of this bill. 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting the Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015. 
H.R. 2835, the Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015, which has been referred to the Committee on Armed Services. In order to expedite this legislation for floor consideration, the committee will forgo action on this bill. 
our mutual understanding that you will amend H.R. 2835 to reflect the changes agreed to by our staffs. Forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the provisions contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the Speaker to appoint members of the committee to any conference committee convened to consider such provisions. 
Please place a copy of this letter and your 
response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the committee report on H.R. 2835 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. 
for your letter regarding H.R. 2835, the ‘‘Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the House Armed Services Committee will forego action on the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that the language in the bill reflects the negotiations 
between our staffs and that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the House Armed Services Committee does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the House Armed Services Committee represented on the conference committee. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
First of all, I would like to thank my 
for introducing this wonderful piece of legislation. It not only helps us expedite the flow of traffic in trade at our borders, but it also helps and assists with our veterans we all represent. 
H.R. 2835, the Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015, would require the Secretary of Homeland Security to consider expediting the hiring of qualified veterans to serve as U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers. 
The bill also authorizes DHS to enhance its efforts to recruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as CBP officers and requires DHS to report to Congress on its efforts. 
veterans have demonstrated their unwavering commitment to our country and its security. CBP would benefit greatly from their service within the agency’s ranks. 
At the same time, expediting the hiring of qualified veterans could help alleviate the continued shortage of CBP officers at our ports of entry, helping to better secure our borders while facilitating legitimate trade and travel. 
With that in mind, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2835, to facilitate the recruitment and hiring of America’s military veterans for new careers serving our country as U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee, and Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2835, ‘‘Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015.’’ which would guarantee more jobs for our many deserving veterans. 
This bill requires the Homeland Security Department to prioritize the hiring of U.S. veterans as Custom and Border Protection (CBP) officers. 
the unemployment rate for our veterans is 7.2%, which is roughly 573,000 unemployed veterans nationally. 
Commerce’s International Trade Administration found that in 2008, delays at POEs at the U.S.Mexico border cost the U.S. economy 26,000 jobs, $600 million in lost tax revenue, and $5.8 billion in lost economic output. 
will lead to the creation of approximately 66,000 new jobs and increase the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of the U.S. by up to $4 billion. 
The bill will ensure that: CBP officials will be at recruiting events and 
Opportunities for the expedited hiring of certain service members with qualifications needed by CBP are prioritized; and 
Transfers of relevant background investigations and security clearances are streamlined to facilitate transitions from military life to employment at the CBP. 
‘‘Helping to Encourage Real Opportunity for Veterans Transitioning from Battlespace to Workplace Act of 2015,’’ the HEROS Act, which is very similar to spirit to the bill before the House. 
veterans transitioning from military service to the civilian sector regard employerprovided Veterans support programs as ‘‘critical’’ or ‘‘important’’ to their success. 
to Workplace Act of 2014’’ addressed these problems by providing strong incentives for employers to hire, retain, and employ veterans in positions that take maximum advantage of their skills and experience. 
the general skills needed to land their ideal job such as problem solving, leadership, ethics, and time management and most believe they possess specific marketable skills, such as information technology, health care, mechanical, and aviation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2835, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2051) to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting requirements, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1636i) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
the Livestock Mandatory Reporting Act of 1999 (7 U.S.C. 1635 note; Public Law 106–78) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
term ‘negotiated formula purchase’ means a swine or pork market formula purchase under which— 
the packer not later than 14 days after the date on which the formula is negotiated and swine are committed to the packer.’’; 
by inserting ‘‘negotiated formula purchase,’’ after ‘‘pork market formula purchase,’’; and 
between and including the lowest net price and the highest net price reported; ‘‘(II) a delineation of the number of barrows 
and gilts at each reported price level or, at the option of the Secretary, the number of barrows and gilts within each of a series of reasonable price bands within the range of prices; and 
price of barrows and gilts purchased through negotiated purchases and negotiated formula purchases.’’; and 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall revise section 59.300 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, so that— 
(ii) reflects current marketing practices; and (iii) is relevant and useful to producers, packers, and other market participants; 
reporting services of the Department of Agriculture related to cattle, swine, and lamb; and 
Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 77) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
the disruption in inspection or weighing, submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes— 
concerns of the Secretary relating to the disruption so that inspections or weighings may resume; and 
‘‘(ii) PROCESS .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of the Agriculture Reauthorizations Act of 2015, the Secretary shall establish a process for certification under which the Secretary shall— 
intent to certify a State agency and provide a 30day period for public comment; 
‘‘(III) make findings based on the public comments received and investigation conducted; and 
announcing whether the certification has been granted and describing the basis on which the Secretary made the decision. 
been delegated authority under this paragraph intends to temporarily discontinue official inspection or weighing services for any reason, except in the case of a major disaster, the State agency shall notify the Secretary in writing of the intention of the State agency to do so at least 72 hours in advance of the discontinuation date. 
the customers of the applicant, in a manner that provides opportunity for protection of the identity of the customer if desired by the customer, to review the performance of the applicant with regard to the provision of official inspection services and other requirements of this Act; and 
that geographic area is unable to provide inspection services in a timely manner; 
that geographic area requests a probe inspection on a bargelot basis; or 
that geographic area is unable to provide weighing services in a timely manner; or 
inspection at an export facility performed by the Secretary, the portion of the fees based on export tonnage shall be based on the rolling 5year average of export tonnage volumes.’’; 
United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79a) is amended— 
Secretary, the portion of the fees based on export tonnage shall be based on the rolling 5year average of export tonnage volumes.’’; 
States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79d) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 87h) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate, the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives, the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that describes— 
in Federal inspection of grain exports at the Port of Vancouver in the summer of 2014; 
has implemented to ensure that a similar disruption in Federal inspection of grain exports at the Port of Vancouver or any other location does not occur in the future. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture, in consultation with the United States Trade Representative, shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives a report that describes— 
producers in countries the grain of which receives official grading in the United States but which do not offer official grading for United States grain or provide only the lowest designation for United States grain, including an analysis of possible inconsistencies with trade obligations; and 
to remedy the policy barriers so as to put United States grain producers on equal footing with grain producers in countries imposing the barriers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C ONAWAY ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P ETERSON ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I rise in support of H.R. 2051, the Agriculture Reauthorizations Act of 2015. 
passed three individual bills: the Mandatory Price Reporting Act of 2015; the United States Grain Standards Reauthorization Act of 2015; and the National Forest Foundation Reauthorization Act of 2015. For each of these, the Committee on Agriculture held hearings and business meetings, and the House acted in a timely manner to ensure the continuation of these critical programs. 
I am proud of the fact that the House 
worked its will in a bipartisan manner following regular order throughout. Just last week the other body worked its will, combining these three bills into a single bill before us. 
that I do not agree with, it is imperative that the House pass this legislation in advance of the authority for price reporting and grain inspection expiring on Wednesday evening. Failure to enact this legislation today will have devastating impacts on our Nation’s meat industries and grain exporters. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 
2051, a bill to reauthorize the Mandatory Price Reporting Act, the United States Grain Standards Act, and the National Forest Foundation Act. Legislative language to reauthorize each of these was introduced, reported by the House Agriculture Committee, and passed by the House on voice vote as standalone measures on June 10th of this year. The first two, the Mandatory Price Reporting Act and the Grain Standards Act authorities are set to expire in just a few days. 
measures enjoyed wide bipartisan support from Members as well as support from each of the impacted industries. Unfortunately, after passing through the other chamber, we are left with bill language that is somewhat less than ideal, but at least maintains these critical program authorities for 5 more years. 
Reporting Act and with each of its subsequent reauthorizations, we have asked the impacted industries to work together in a cooperative spirit to develop their legislative proposals and submit only those that are unanimously supported. The meat and livestock industries did just that this past spring. Those proposals were reviewed in a hearing in the Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture on April 22nd, bill language was introduced in the House, a business meeting was held, and the House unanimously passed the bill. Unfortunately, a demand was made in the other body that the bill be modified to remove language of critical importance to our constituents. Thus, we have before us today a bill that is less than what our constituents requested. Yet if we fail to act, a program of critical importance to the meat and livestock industries would expire leaving these industries in a quandary. It is a shame that politics must interfere with policy on even the simplest measures, but we must move forward. 
The United States Grain Standards Act reauthorization faced similar challenges in the other body. As my colleagues will recall, last summer amid an ongoing labor dispute, the Washington State Department of Agriculture (WSDA) discontinued mandatory grain weighing and grading services. 
In statements issued at the time, WSDA acknowledged that they withheld inspection services because of their belief that the ‘‘continued provision of inspections services appears to have been unhelpful in leading to any foreseeable resolution’’ of the labor dispute. 
the leadership of the U.S. Department of Agriculture politicized this situation when the agency declined to fulfill its statutory responsibility to resume inspection and weighing services. Services were eventually restored, but not before significant costs accrued to all parties involved. 
overseas markets. We are shooting ourselves in the foot when we cannot ship our products to these markets because State and Federal agencies are unable or unwilling to comply with their obligations. To not be able to ship our grain because there are no inspectors at a facility does a disservice to our farmers, and it harms our economy. 
have been punitive. In fact, there were some in the industry that would have preferred that. But that is not what we were interested in doing. We simply wanted to develop a safeguard mechanism to avoid this situation being repeated. To do that, we worked with the Washington State delegation, the Washington State Department of Agriculture, labor unions, industry and even the USDA. What we developed was bipartisan consensus on a workable safeguard provision. Nevertheless, the bill as adopted in the other body provides little safeguard against future abuses of discretion. I cannot emphasize this enough—it is imperative that these inspection and weighing services are provided in a reliable, uninterrupted, consistent and costeffective manner. To ensure that we fulfill this obligation, we must learn the lessons of history or it is doomed to repeat itself. 
instructed to take prompt action to provide for restoration of official grain inspection service as soon as he receives notice or otherwise learns about the impending disruption from a delegated State agency. In this regard, as a way of not allowing the Secretary to sit on his hands after learning that a disruption in official service was imminent, the Secretary is required to: 
necessary to address the disruption and resume inspection and weighing services; and 
2. Not later than 24 hours after receiving notice or otherwise learning of the impending disruption of such inspection or weighing, or after the start of such disruption in official service, whichever is earlier, submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes the disruptions and any actions necessary to address the concerns of the Secretary relating to the disruption so that inspections or weighings may resume. 
of the House bill was retained wherein the Secretary will be obligated to waive official weighing and inspection requirements in both cases of emergency as well as other circumstances as long as the waiver does not impair the underlying objectives of the statute and the buyers and sellers agree and provide documentation of the agreement to the Secretary. This waiver requirement is intended to provide certainty to trading partners as well as U.S. suppliers. 
Since its charter in 1993, the National Forest Foundation provides the ability to leverage private and federal dollars to support our Nation’s great forests in a variety of ways. In recent years, the Foundation has leveraged funds at over a 4 to 1 ratio and plans to continue on this success to raise at least $125 million for forest restoration activities. Simply put, the National Forest Foundation works, and this is a commonsense reauthorization. 
made resulting in less than ideal bill text, at the end of the day, H.R. 2051 provides certainty to American agriculture, and I would urge my colleagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of H.R. 2051. This bipartisan legislation reauthorizes the Mandatory Price Reporting Act, the National Forest Foundation Act, and the U.S. Grain Standards Act. This bill continues the tradition of bipartisan, bicameral work done by the Agriculture Committees. 
programs will be continued under the bill’s mandatory price reporting provisions. Producers rely on access to transparent, accurate, and timely market information, and H.R. 2051 will provide that certainty. 
is the type of publicprivate collaboration we should all be able to support, giving private groups and stakeholders a chance to help in the stewardship and management of our national forests 
and grasslands. H.R. 2051 will ensure that this partnership can continue. 
Reauthorization Act will allow the Federal Grain Inspection Service to continue official weighing and inspection services. Both grain buyers and sellers rely on a gold standard quality assurance, backed by the Federal Government, when conducting business. 
legislation, a bipartisan bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank my 
and all the Members on both sides of the aisle of the committee worked well together. It is a tribute to the way bipartisan work ought to be done in the House, and I am proud of the work the Agriculture Committee has done. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) that the House suspend the rules 
and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 2051. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. BLACK ) at 6 o’clock and 
my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have continually reminded us that they are not scientists. We have also heard this from several of the Republican candidates seeking our Nation’s highest office. 
their candor. But what I don’t as much appreciate is when they use this mantra of ‘‘I am not a scientist’’ to preface statements that are factually wrong. Facts are stubborn things, and they don’t only apply to those in the scientific community. 
us to take courageous steps to combat climate change, a call to action that made many Republicans uncomfortable. When asked about the Pope’s statement, Governor Jeb Bush dismissed it, saying that Pope Francis is ‘‘not a scientist, he’s a religious leader.’’ In fact, Pope Francis is a former chemist, and, as such, he has more scientific training than many of our elected officials. 
I was hoping that, when the Pope addressed Congress in his remarks, he would have explained to my Republican colleagues the effect of the infrared absorption spectrum of carbon dioxide on the radiation balance and equilibrium 
temperature of the Earth, but time did not permit. 
Congress to consider the Pope’s call to preserve our environment. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, our Nation’s firefighters sign up for the job knowing the dangers they will often face in order to keep their communities safe. Tragically, we have seen these first responders give their lives in service to others. 
Fallen Firefighter Memorial Service took place on the State Capitol grounds to honor the 9 Minnesota firefighters—and 216 nationwide—that have passed away in the line of duty this year. 
these firefighters have made and also provides support for their families who are coping with a profound loss. 
we recognize what our first responders go through on a daily basis and support them. Earlier this year Congress passed my legislation, which is now law, that ensures that survivor benefits for families of those killed in the line of duty are not taxed. 
many men and women sign up to put themselves in harm’s way to keep others safe. For those that give their life, we must not forget their sacrifice. PROSTATE CANCER AWARENESS 
today in recognition of September as Prostate Cancer Awareness Month and as a proud cosponsor of the National Prostate Cancer Plan Act, H.R. 2730. 
prostate cancer is a national epidemic. This year alone one in seven men will be diagnosed and 28,000 men will die from prostate cancer. 
Last week, while hosting a community conversation in my district in Whitehall, Ohio, I met with two constituents, Linda and Ray Hoetger, an inspiring husband and wife team who tirelessly dedicate themselves to raising awareness about prostate cancer. 
national organization ZERO, the End of Prostate Cancer, and are spearheading a campaign to raise awareness of prostate cancer throughout Ohio. 
work. As Ray and Linda remind us, many of us have either been personally affected by this disease or have lost a loved one. 
Awareness Month, let us reaffirm our commitment to increase the quality of care in order to eliminate the pain and suffering once and for all. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise out of respect and admiration for our tremendous Speaker, the incredible leader of our Republican Conference and my friend, JOHNBOEHNER . 
of Ohio for well over 20 years, serving his constituents with pride and integrity. His distinguished career was marked by an honest pursuit of what is best for the American people as well as the inclusion of more folks under the big tent of our GOP. 
He has worked in a bipartisan manner to help create jobs and restore America’s leadership, all the while maintaining a hard line on the Castros’ despotic rule in Cuba, being supportive of our strong relations with Israel, as well as remaining a tough opponent of the weak and dangerous Iran nuclear deal. 
are his hallmarks, and they will be greatly missed in our Nation’s Capitol. Only in America can the son of a barkeep rise to make a lasting positive contribution to our history as Speaker of the people’s House. 
I wish JOHN, Debbie, the entire Boehner family, including his new granddaughter Alistair, all the best. Godspeed, Mr. Speaker. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, to explain the significance of the Puget Sound in 1 minute is impossible. But I will tell you this: With every 60 seconds that goes by, the Puget Sound is being damaged more than it is being fixed. With every minute that goes by that we fail to collectively do something, we are all losing money. 
more than that. It is an American treasure. Puget Sound is a body of water that deserves national recognition. 
brought together numerous stakeholders that agree on very few things to agree on this: We need to do more. The Federal Government needs to step up to the plate to get recovery moving. 
do it for the Great Lakes. We do it for the Chesapeake Bay. Now is the time to bring forth this effort for our Puget Sound, the largest estuary in America. Let’s clean the Puget Sound up. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. R ICK 
today to remember an American hero, Dr. Sidney Phillips, Jr., who passed away in Mobile over the weekend at the age of 91. 
War II, where he served in the Marine Corps. At the young age of 18, Sid Phillips took part in the famous battle of Guadalcanal in the Pacific. 
known and respected veterans in Alabama. His career was profiled in Ken Burns’ PBS documentary ‘‘The War’’ and Steven Spielberg’s HBO series ‘‘The Pacific.’’ 
we remember Sid Phillips as a local family doctor, a patriotic family man, and a strong advocate for our Nation’s veterans. 
constituents in Southwest Alabama, I want to share my condolences with Sid Phillips’ family and friends. He embodied the American spirit, and he will be sorely missed. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank my friend and cofounder of the Puget Sound Recovery Caucus, Representative HECK, for his partnership 
Sound is truly a gift that we need to restore and protect. Generations have enjoyed the ability to swim, fish, and dig for clams in this iconic body of water. They have built lives and made livelihoods on the Puget Sound. 
call Puget Sound home and for future generations, we absolutely have to take action to fight for the Sound. 
sponsor the Puget SOS Act. This bill raises the profile of Puget Sound by naming it a nationally significant body of water. It enhances the Federal Government’s coordination in addressing these issues. It respects tribal treaty rights. This bill is an important step. 
Puget Sound. Our kids, including my two little girls, are counting on us. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to congratulate Trooper J.D. Berrong, who recently won the Jimmy K. Ammons North American Inspectors Grand Champion Award. 
This is the first time a North Carolina trooper has ever won this competition, which recognizes the Nation’s top roadside inspector. Berrong, who resides in the community of Mulberry, competed against 51 other roadside inspectors representing jurisdictions across the United States, Canada, and Mexico. 
Wilkes County and is a 14year veteran of the North Carolina State Highway Patrol. He is currently assigned to the motor carrier enforcement section, troop F, district 9. 
enforcement duties ensure that all modes of travel, including commercial motor vehicles, are consistently monitored in order to improve highway safety. 
and thank you for serving the public good and helping maintain the safety of the highways of North Carolina. 
ROUZER ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
thank you very much. I am very privileged tonight to lead the Special Order of the Members of the Congressional 
Let me thank our chairman, Chairman G.K. BUTTERFIELD , for continuing 
this tradition and for his continued leadership, encouragement, and avocation for Members and for the stories of those who have been such leaders in our Nation and such major issues that we have been able to contribute to for the understanding of our colleagues. 
Let me also make mention of my colleagues, Congresswoman KELLY and 
on this Special Order for the Congressional Black Caucus. I thank them for their leadership and service. 
who are watching at home and have often watched at home and have followed the Congressional Black Caucus through social media, social network, and also know that our major issues of criminal justice reform, civil rights, the restoration of the Voting Rights Act, and many others have been to speak to the vulnerable. Tonight we again speak to you, but we speak of those heroes that we have lost over the last couple of months. 
Boynton Robinson, Congressman Lou Stokes, and, of course, Julian Bond. Our Nation was built on the values of dealing with the issues of freedom, justice and equality, values and principles that were perfectly embodied by the service and sacrifices of these three leaders. 
have watched the Pope make his way through a number of American cities and use words that are music to the ears of Members of the Congressional Black Caucus. Let me take just one of many citations that I will utilize to characterize these three individuals: 
Pope Francis, ‘‘and the reality of human weakness notwithstanding, these men and women, for all their many differences and limitations, were able, by hard work and selfsacrifice, some at the cost of their lives, to build a better future.’’ 
Boynton Robinson, Congressman Lou Stokes, and Julian Bond, through the sacrifice of their individual families and their lives, were able to make a better future for us. 
Amelia Boynton Robinson, 1965, was a leader of the Bloody Sunday march and personified the optimism, determination, and courage that are at the heart of the American spirit. She truly made our lives better. 
Known as the matriarch of our Nation’s civil rights movement, Ms. Boynton Robinson fought courageously to ensure that every American citizen had the right to vote. Her drive to secure universal voting rights was amazing, and certainly she risked her life when she crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge. In her words, her son said civil rights was her entire life. 
We now understand that Congressman Lou Stokes made an amazing and impactful statement legislatively and throughout his life. He was a consummate public servant, a trailblazer who broke down barriers for generations of African Americans. 
Congressman from Ohio who served 30 years. Representing a portion of Cleveland, he prioritized the advancement of our Nation’s most vulnerable populations. 
education, housing, development projects, access to health care. He was one of the fiercest advocates for public housing. 
and leader that asked the Housing and Urban Development to assess the poor, deleterious, horrible conditions that children were living in as housing impacted their health. 
housing authority a lead poisoning grant which was instigated, was encouraged, was advocated for by Congressman Lou Stokes. He has saved thousands upon thousands of lives. 
I thank him for organizing the Congressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust, and I want to thank him personally for allowing me work for him as a staff member of the Select Committee on Assassinations, which he ultimately chaired. We thank him for his amazing service. 
He once said, ‘‘I am going to keep on 
denouncing the inequities of this system, but I am going to work within it. To go outside the system would be to deny myself, to deny my own existence. I have beaten the system. I have proved it can be done. So have a lot of others.’’ This is, of course, the kind of leader that Lou Stokes was. 
rights icon. He was a leader in the fight for equality, freedom, and equal justice and opportunity. He inspired generations of Americans to build a better future for all people. 
young one in the movement with Dr. Martin Luther King. He stood as not only an original, but a fierce advocate of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and the founding 
Elected to office, of course, he himself fought against discrimination. He was discriminated himself. When he was refused a seat in the Georgia State Legislature, it did not in any way demean or undermine his courage or inspiration. He went on to be seated and to do great things. 
to honor and pay tribute to these three heroes. We are called to follow the example they set, to fight to ensure that all Americans have access to equal opportunity so they will have a fair shot at economic prosperity, have the right to vote, be free from mass incarceration, and do the things that America bestows upon them. Again, these individuals, at the cost 
of their lives or their own futures, built a better future for us. 
former high superior court judge—I am calling him all kinds of names—but, in any event, a dynamic leader of the Congressional Black Caucus. Again, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina. 
LEEfor her friendship, for her leadership, and I certainly thank her for yielding time tonight. 
Let me also thank the other Members who are on the floor this evening to help in honoring the lives of Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robinson, and Julian Bond. 
of the civil rights movement, who in their own way paved the way for so many. I had the high honor of calling Lou Stokes and Julian Bond personal friends. 
As the first African American to represent Ohio in Congress, Representative Lou Stokes was a pioneer in public service. He broke down numerous barriers for African Americans during his extraordinary career as an elected official on the local, State, and Federal levels. 
serving for 30 long years in the U.S. House, he was a founder of the Congressional Black Caucus and the first African American to serve on the House Appropriations Committee. He was the founder of the CBC Health Braintrust, which remains active today in protecting health, equity, and reducing health disparities. 
Congressman Stokes was the embodiment of a public servant. He selflessly used his elected positions to increase opportunities for millions of African Americans. 
Stokes. But the impact of his legacy of service and commitment to his constituents and to the African American community will be remembered for generations. 
the movement, Amelia Boynton Robinson’s role in Bloody Sunday, as you have already heard, and the march from Selma to Montgomery is immortalized in the Oscarnominated film ‘‘Selma.’’ 
She also made history in 1964 by becoming the first African American woman from Alabama to run for Congress. In her congressional election that year, Mrs. Boynton Robinson garnered 10 percent of the vote despite the fact that African Americans only made up 1 percent of the voting population in Alabama’s Seventh Congressional District. 
whom we will hear from in just a few moments, now holds that seat here in Congress. This year, as we celebrate the 50th 
anniversary of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, we remember the selfless actions of individuals like Amelia Boynton Robinson who fought against systems of injustice so that future generations would have opportunities that were not possible to generations past. Tonight we honor Mrs. Boynton Robinson for her legacy which continues in each of us. 
honor Julian Bond, a forefather of America’s civil rights movement and one of our country’s greatest advocates for freedom and equality and equitable treatment for all people. 
during the 1960s to his service in the Georgia House of Representatives and the State Senate, Julian Bond was a leader in the fight against racism and segregation. 
of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in 1968. As the founding president of the Southern Poverty Law Center and chairman of the board of the NAACP, Julian Bond continued his work educating citizens around the world of the struggles of African Americans and the history of civil rights here in America. 
public service, calling for equal civil and human rights not only for African Americans, but for every American. Until his untimely death, he was an advocate, activist, and dedicated champion who fought for the most vulnerable individuals and communities among us. We celebrate his life and his lasting legacy. 
her leadership and thank her for yielding. I thank the Members for coming to the floor this evening. 
me thank the gentleman for his very thoughtful statement and for leading us off today and setting the tone for the Congressional Black Caucus that we will never forget our icons, but we also know that to pay tribute is the highest honor for all of us because we are here because of all of them. I thank Mr. BUTTERFIELD for his leadership. 
RANGEL , who does not need a long introduction. It is important to note that he has led on so many issues. He was not only the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, but also a dear friend of Congressman Lou Stokes and one of the founders of the Congressional Black Caucus. If Congressman RANGEL had not done what he did, we 
would not be here today. I am delighted to yield to him at this time. 
Congresswoman JACKSON LEEfor pulling together this tribute. It is moving and emotional that we do this after the visit to these Chambers by the Pope, who made it abundantly clear how all of us, no matter how ordinary we are, 
it is almost unbelievable how people that you know on an everyday basis that go through life with their own problems still can find the time to try to improve the quality of life for so many people. 
Representative from Selma, Alabama, this evening because, after Bloody Sunday, there was a call all over the world for people to come to Selma. I was one of those called, and I was one of those that did not think that me going to Selma with my bad feet could make a contribution to anything, and this is especially so after seeing what happened on Bloody Sunday. 
Luther King and Ralph Bunche, because they said that if I could just come down for the press conference, it would be appreciated. So I dressed up and I went down for the press conference. I had a round trip ticket back to New York. I was dressed pretty well, not ever thinking that I would be going any further than Selma. 
It started to rain, and I felt that this 
would be the appropriate time for me to get a cab and to go to the airport. When I saw these older people like Amelia Robinson putting plastic on their shoes and starting to sing and starting to march, I said, well, maybe I could go a couple of blocks. I did that, except I found out in Selma there weren’t any couple of blocks. 
There was no one that recognized me down there. I marched 54 miles, cussing every step of the way, trying to figure out what the devil I was doing in Selma. 
proves that if you attempt just to do the right thing, God can push you to do the rest. 
that that Supreme Court would give us the voting rights and the civil rights. I never thought that President Johnson would ever support these things. Today I tell this very embarrassing story because you don’t have to be a hero to be counted on if you just try to start to do the right thing, and just maybe God will push you to go further. 
Boynton Robinson is beaten unconscious and someone like JOHN LEWIS, 
who constantly put his life on the line, and of course the late Dr. Martin Luther King, who gave up his life, and God doesn’t ask us to do these extraordinary things, but I do believe that the courage that these people have, that each of us have just a grain of it that would allow us to contribute, as the Pope said, to show our respect for God, allowing us to inherit this great Earth to try to make the quality of life better. 
guy going to Morehouse, as Julian Bond did, dropping out of school, coming from a professional family where education had a higher standard than some of us from the inner cities, it must have broken their heart to know that he was joining a group that would then provide the leadership for our country for people Black and White. 
allow me to say about Lou Stokes. I came to Congress not knowing that in the Congress was a giant of a man from Cleveland, Lou Stokes, who motivated the 13 of us, who led us to form the Congressional Black Caucus. I have walked in the shadows of his giant footsteps since I have been privileged to serve in this House. 
Congressional Black Caucus, it is really extraordinary how God has given us the opportunity to say thank you for the blessings that we have, and I do hope that maybe on both sides of the aisle people can talk about those who allowed this country to be so great, the sacrifices that so many people have made, and you just don’t have to be a giant to appreciate the fact that God has blessed us all. 
us together, not just tonight, but on every committee, on every bill, and this floor. SHEILA JACKSON LEEis here 
to continue to inspire all of us. I thank her for that. 
are so grateful for the special wisdom and insight that Mr. RANGEL brings to 
all of what we do. I know that the late Lou Stokes, the late Amelia Boynton Robinson, and the late Julian Bond are grateful that they knew him and that he is here to tell his story. Even if he considers it embarrassing, I think it is a wonderful testimony for anybody who has said, ‘‘I can’t do it.’’ We want him to keep telling us that wonderful statement over and over again. I thank him so very much for what he provides to the Congressional Black Caucus. I thank him for the kind words he mentioned of Representative TERRI SEWELL . 
I just say to Ms. S EWELL , I don’t 
know what kind of phone message that she had to the Vatican, but I repeat now the words of Pope Francis, as I yield to her. This is Pope Francis, as he spoke just a few days ago at that very podium: 
Here, too, I think of the march which Martin Luther King led from Selma to Montgomery 50 years ago as part of the campaign to fulfill his dream of full civil rights and political rights for African Americans. 
you for bringing and infusing life into the wonderful city of Selma, all the wonderful people there, including your dearly beloved mother and father, and having us walk with you every step of the way. 
As I yield to her, let me say that we 
should make a commitment right here today, as we make changes in leadership, that we commit ourselves to the restoration of section 5 of the Voting Rights Act, which she is leading on. It 
is my delight to yield to her at this time. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I thank our leader of the CBC, Congressman BUTTERFIELD , so much for his 
exemplary leadership and the courage that he exemplifies every day in fighting for the causes that we all hold so dear. 
only been an amazing Member of Congress, but she has been a great mentor to me. I want to thank her for all she does for so many of us and the mentoring she continues to provide the younger generation. 
To even have him know my name is an honor. I know that, but for the remarkable lives of the three people that we celebrate their lives and their legacies today, I would not be in this auspicious Chamber, and but for his leadership and his courage, I would not know how to behave in this Chamber. I thank him for doing such a great job and continuing to serve the great people of Harlem and New York, but also the great people of America—black, white, green, yellow, all of us. 
my CBC colleagues in paying tribute to the life and legacy of three great giants in American history: Representative Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robinson, and Julian Bond. Our Nation collectively mourns the loss of each of these trailblazing figures who departed from us way too soon this summer. Their journeys paved the way for myself and so many others serving in this august body. While our hearts are heavy today, we honor them for their historic and notable contributions to this Nation. 
first African American to represent the State of Ohio in Congress, where he served for more than 30 years. He rose to prominence by breaking numerous barriers as the first in so many areas. This included being named the first African American to serve as chairman of the prestigious House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. As an African American who now sits on that committee, I am deeply honored to follow in Louis Stokes’ footsteps. 
Select Committee on Intelligence, he stepped into the national spotlight as a vocal critic of the Reagan administration’s foreign policy. He spoke boldly on issues of national security and created a legacy of being a fierce advocate for the homeland. In honoring his memory, we must also commit ourselves collectively to continue the fight to promote diversity within the intelligence community. We must also be committed to supporting policies that promote our national security in the face of growing threats. It was Congressman Lou Stokes who taught us that our Nation deserves nothing less. 
treasure and one of my personal heroes, the courageous Mrs. Amelia Boynton Robinson. Mrs. Robinson passed away on August 26, 2015, at the age of 110—yes, 110, Mr. Speaker. Mrs. Amelia Boynton Robinson was a key figure in the voting rights movement in Selma, Alabama. She is often remembered for her critical role in Bloody Sunday. 
Pettus Bridge, Robinson was savagely beaten. A photo taken of her shortly after she was attacked and posted in The New York Times became a powerful symbol of the injustices suffered by those who were attempting simply to vote. Yet this tireless, fearless foot soldier continued her work as a leader on the front lines of securing the right to vote for all Americans. 
Amelia is best known as the matriarch of the voting rights movement, and it was her courage, along with JOHNLEWIS and so many other known 
and unknown foot soldiers which led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Amelia was such an integral part of the process that the contents of the bill, the voting rights bill, were drafted on her kitchen table in Selma, Alabama, in 1965. 
voting rights advocate, she put her money where her mouth was and she, herself, ran for Congress. On May 5, 1964, Amelia Boynton broke yet another barrier, when she became the first woman in the State of Alabama and the first African American woman in the State of Alabama to run for Congress. In 1964, she garnered 10.7 percent of the vote during a time when very few Blacks were registered to vote. Actually, only 1 percent of the registered voters were African Americans at that time. 
impact on the movement for human rights and voting rights in Alabama and in this Nation. Without her courageous campaign for the Seventh Congressional District of Alabama in 1964, I know that my election to this seat in 2010, some 50 years later, would not have been possible. 
to walk the Halls of Congress, and I will carry my love and admiration for her in my heart each and every day, for I get to do what she could not, and that is vote on behalf of the members of the Seventh Congressional District of Alabama. For that, I am eternally grateful. 
moments in this Chamber is the night that she served as my special guest at the State of the Union on January 20, 2015, this past year. I am grateful for the memories of her greeting President Obama that night. I am so blessed to not only have called her my constituent, but a beloved mentor and friend. As she is remembered, and she reminds us every day by her life, there 
like to remember the shining legacy of yet another giant figure in the fight for civil and human rights: Mr. Julian Bond. This courageous voice held several titles over the course of his impactful life, but he is most remembered for his service as the NAACP chairman and the cofounder of the Southern Poverty Law Center. He was also one of the original leaders of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, SNCC, while he was a student at Morehouse College. He later served in the Georgia General Assembly for more than 20 years. 
House of Representatives in 1965. However, because of his longstanding legacy of fighting White supremacy, White statehouse members tried unsuccessfully to block him from taking his seat. This brave spirit was undeterred. He spearheaded efforts to draft landmark legislation that spoke to the need of Blacks in the State of Georgia. 
speaker, he was a celebrated writer, poet, television commentator, community advocate, as well as a communication specialist. He did so much for the Southern Poverty Law Center to set it on its course and so much for the lives of so many. 
tell a story, a story of how ordinary people can do extraordinary things. Working collectively, we as a nation can achieve amazing heights, even if we don’t think so. As Congressman RANGEL ’s story best exemplified, if we 
just take one step, hopefully the Lord will give us the strength to take many, many more towards that fight for justice and equality. 
Amelia Boynton would often say when I and others would come up to her and say: ‘‘We stand on your shoulders. We stand on your shoulders.’’ Well, Ms. Amelia Boynton was so infamously known for saying, after hearing it over and over again: ‘‘Get off my shoulders. There is plenty of work to be done.’’ ‘‘Do your own work,’’ is what she said. 
And so I say to my colleagues gathered here tonight, my colleagues in this wonderful body called the House of Representatives: We have plenty of work to do. We have plenty of work to do. And while we walk in the footsteps of giants such as Amelia Boynton and Louis Stokes and Julian Bond, let us never forget that they, too, had to take a first step. And as we follow in their footsteps, let us all take many steps towards providing justice and liberty for all Americans, especially those that are most vulnerable. 
leave this evening with the words that Congresswoman SEWELL has just said, 
and we thank her so very much, ‘‘do our own work.’’ That message should carry for whether we are Republicans or Democrats or Independents. Congresswoman SEWELL , we look forward to doing our own work on the restoration of the Voting Rights Act, section 5, which you are leading and all of us have signed onto. We thank you so much for that eloquent statement and that statement of passion. 
Speaking of passion, it is my privilege to introduce a Member who has her own storied civil rights history, someone who has served as the Commissioner on the EEOC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and someone who has been in the trenches in civil rights, dealing with voting rights cases, dealing with the right to vote in her own District of Columbia. I think she will be the Florence Nightingale, she will be the champion battler; because I believe that this Delegate, Congresswoman ELEANOR  
we fight for the voting rights of the District through her leadership. 
words, but especially today for her leadership of this Special Order, which is characteristic of her leadership in this Congress. I am so pleased that our chair Rep. G.K. BUTTERFIELD has been 
here and spoken and that we have heard from several other Members. 
I just want to say a few words about 
this troika of African Americans who have written their signatures across our time. You have heard their biographies. I don’t want to recount their extraordinary bios, because that is not the only reason we are honoring them with this Special Order. I just want to say something about what they meant to me. 
Two of them I knew personally: Representative Louis Stokes, whose many years in the Congress happened to overlap with my first years here; and, of course, Julian Bond, whom I knew best. 
Boynton. She may have been the most courageous woman in the movement of the 1960s, who insisted upon facing death, if necessary, in that march from Selma to Montgomery, and nearly lost her life. I was privileged to be in her presence, as so many Members of Congress were, when we went to Selma this past summer. That was a privilege in and of itself. 
I was fortunate to know Congressman Louis Stokes, who was a founder of the Congressional Black Caucus long before I served. This was a man of great accomplishment. Yes, he can speak about his firsts, and much more. 
serve in Congress from his hometown of Cleveland, as one of the two famous Stokes brothers—his brother, Carl, the first African American mayor. There is something about the way those men were raised and showed themselves in public life. But it is Rep. Stokes’ career in Congress that stands out for me. 
a more distinguished Member of this body. It looks as if when they were trying to ask somebody to do something hard, they looked to Louis Stokes. 
serve on the Appropriations Committee. My heavens. And then look at the committees he has chaired—hard ones—the Ethics Committee, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Then they needed someone to do something else that was difficult, and that was to serve on the Iran Contra Committee, and House Select Committee on Assassinations, nothing was more difficult than that. 
whom the public would trust and who this body would trust, who do you go to? They went to Louis Stokes. So if you are trying to find out how to serve, recall the life of Representative Louis Stokes. 
his work. Much of his work was done in the field of health. The Howard University Louis Stokes Health Science Library is named for him here in the District of Columbia at Howard University. So we will never forget him. 
Of the three, the one I knew best, of 
course, was my colleague and friend in the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, later a client of sorts, and then finally—for 25 years, a constituent. 
founded, along with a handful of other students, the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. You have got to understand that that group was as different from any student group since. They were not an offshoot of the civil rights movement. They were a group that stood on its own. 
was in law school. SNCC was the equivalent of major civil rights organizations, every single one, right alongside them. That is why JOHNLEWIS got to 
the quality of its leadership in those early years. Julian became the spokesman. The reason he was the spokesman was his way with words. He was a poet and a writer, and he could explain what we were doing. 
these early years. So no one should be surprised that he went after the zenith of the civil rights movement to serve in the Georgia House of Representatives. What you may be surprised to learn is that when he moved on to the senate, the Georgia Senate, they refused to seat him because he had endorsed a SNCC statement opposing the Vietnam war. Imagine denying a seat to a member duly elected because of a statement he had made on an issue of great moment. 
the Supreme Court. At that point, I was a constitutional lawyer working for the American Civil Liberties Union in New York. I got to write the amicus brief. We took very few amicus briefs 
to the Supreme Court, but this one seemed to have the makings of a landmark case. Indeed, it did become a landmark case. You do not see anybody denying anyone else the right to sit in his seat—or her seat, today—because of that person’s views. The Julian Bond case settled the matter. 
rest of his life? First of all, SNCC broke a fair number of people. And though they gave much to the movement, you may not have heard about many of them since. What Julian did was to give the rest of his life to the movement. For every single day of his life as a man, after he left public service in the Georgia Legislature, he was devoted to the civil rights movement he had entered as a very young man. 
with his wife, taught at American University and the University of Virginia, and became—and this is a matter that makes me chuckle—became the chairman of the NAACP. 
way too conservative for us, the young and foolish. It tells you how Julian grew. He grew to be the longtime and devoted chairman of the NAACP. 
rights magnificently. Throughout his entire life, he remained a major spokesman for the civil rights movement and for progressive causes, his entire life speaking all around the country, carrying the message. 
Caucus event with Julian and with JOHN LEWIS simply discussing their 
lives as young men in the civil rights movement. That was to be one of the most memorable moments since I have been in Congress. 
Just last February, during Black History Month, I asked Julian to come to Howard University, where he and I engaged in an intergenerational conversation with Howard students about the police shootings in Ferguson, Missouri, and New York City and what they meant to this generation and how this generation had to have its own issues and move in its own direction. 
that for all of the work of the youth of 
the civil rights movement of our day, we never touched racial profiling. It remained alive and kicking for a new generation, which has taken it on. 
that when Julian moved to the District of Columbia, he really became a part of this city, lending his civil rights celebrity to the great cause of this city for full citizenship, for D.C. voting rights, yes, and for statehood for the District of Columbia. 
a few years ago, there was an advertisement. Julian was speaking in a cab, informing you that you were coming to the District of Columbia, where the residents were trying to get their full citizenship. 
touching upon the issue of freedom of the day and of the people around him. 
I will always miss him. This country will always miss him. We are grateful for the life he led. We are grateful, especially, for this Congressional Black Caucus evening devoted to his life and to the lives of two others, very divergent lives but, in other ways, very similar. 
I thank my good friend, Representative JACKSON LEE, again, for her leadership here. 
my good friend, Congresswoman E LEANOR HOLMES NORTON , for giving these 
three legends the vitality and vibrance of a personal story. 
And to just add to his coming to students at Howard University, I want you to know that, at the University of Virginia, where he was, he was the most popular professor with people standing in line because the students sensed his passion and commitment, but they sensed his realness. 
gentleman, who has his own history, let me quote, again, as I indicated, Pope Francis from last week, which captures all of what we are saying tonight: to respond in a way which is always humane, just and fraternal. We need to avoid a common temptation nowadays to disregard whatever proves troublesome. Let us remember the Golden Rule: Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Criminal Justice, now the ranking member on the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and has led his professional, at least his Congressional life, as I have known it, to be a champion for criminal justice reform, but, more importantly, has been one who has said to us over and over again that: We must do unto others as we would like them to do unto us. We must change this criminal justice system to have it be a fair monitoring of how we inspire and restore people’s lives. 
I rise to speak in honor of the lives of three civil rights luminaries. I thank the gentlewoman from Houston for giving us this opportunity to honor their lives: Congressman Louis Stokes, statesman and educator Julian Bond, both of whom I knew personally, and activist Amelia Robinson. 
These champions of social and economic justice lived their lives just as Pope Francis challenged Members of Congress to do. 
the Golden Rule—do unto others as you would have them do unto you—and that that rule points us in the right direction. He specifically reminded Congress that, if we want opportunities, 
lives we honor today are the personification of the Pope’s call. 
of the State of Ohio, was affectionately called ‘‘Lou’’ when I served with him in the House. His motto was to aim high, which he did even before he was a Member of Congress when he argued the Supreme Court case challenging the abusive stopandfrisk policies and practices in the Terry v. Ohio case. 
Lou’s integrity was why he was selected to serve on the House Select Committee on Assassinations of President Kennedy and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and the House investigation of the illegal arm sales during the Iran contra affair and, of course, his service on the Ethics Committee. 
justice was on full display when he became the first African American to serve on the House Appropriations Committee. There he directed Federal dollars to eradicate injustice and inequities by funding programs such as healthcare facilities for veterans, supporting the National Science Foundation, and creating the first office of minority health at the National Institutes of Health. 
dedicated his entire life to this cause of social justice and equity. As a founding member of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, or SNCC, he led protests against segregation. 
the Georgia House of Representatives, but was denied a seat at the State House because of his opposition to the Vietnam war. In 1966, the Supreme Court ruled 9–0 that the Georgia House’s refusal to seat Julian Bond violated the United States Constitution. 
He was subsequently elected for several terms, including service in the Georgia Senate, despite efforts to redraw his district. 
He was also the first African American nominated at a majorparty convention as a candidate for Vice President of the United States. 
taught at several universities, including Harvard, Drexel, University of Virginia, and American University. 
American University, he taught thousands of students about the role of the civil rights movement as a seminal part of America’s history. 
Americans is diminished when any group is denied rights granted to others.’’ 
from 1998 to 2009. At the 2009 commencement at Virginia State University, he told the graduates that, ‘‘We all hope that you do well, but I also hope that you do good.’’ 
the many foot soldiers who fought for civil rights. As a girl, she championed the right to vote for women. As an adult, she opened her home to Martin 
Luther King and James Bevel and members of SNCC and others to help organize and strategize for civil rights and the right to vote. 
Despite the brutal beating she endured during the march for voting rights in Selma, Alabama, 50 years ago, she was unwavering in her fight to end segregation and achieve full voting rights for all. 
she stated that, ‘‘I have been called rabblerouser, agitator. But because of my fighting, I was able to hand to the entire country the right for people to vote.’’ 
legislator, the educator, the activist— were all driven to push towards a more just and equal society. I am honored to recognize their lives and the gifts they gave to our Nation. 
Again, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Houston for organizing this Special Order so that we could pay appropriate tribute to these fine Americans. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentleman from Virginia for citing, in particular, the case law that Julian Bond particularly generated from the horrific denial of his right to be seated. 
of members of the Congressional Black Caucus sharing the history of these icons, which I hope my colleagues will appreciate these giants, for many times the history is not remembered or it is not understood. 
yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio, who has firsthand knowledge because she can say that she comes from the State of which Lou Stokes and Carl Stokes were native sons. 
leader for her district in Columbus, but, more importantly, someone who brings a wealth of experience from her previous service in the Ohio State Legislature and someone who has a passion for the improvement of lives of all people. I believe, as Lou Stokes has said, she understands the value and importance of improving the health of African Americans and all Americans. 
yield to the gentlewoman from Columbus, Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ). 
Mr. Speaker, tonight the Congressional Black Caucus honors the life and legacy of three civil rights leaders, Congressman Lou Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robinson, and Julian Bond, who dedicated their lives to making our Nation a better place. 
Countless more follow in their footsteps and continue to push for civil rights and voting rights today. 
We have come to these chambers tonight, Mr. Speaker, to continue their work as members of the Congressional Black Caucus. We call on Congress to immediately pass the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015. The American people deserve to have real voting 
JACKSON LEE, not only for your leadership tonight, but for being a leader, for walking in their shoes, and for hosting the Congressional Black Caucus Special Order honoring three giants. 
the Voting Rights Act. Leaders espoused words in 1965 that still hold true today, words because of the work of these three giants, works like: 
We have proved that great progress is possible. We know how much still remains to be done. And if our efforts continue, if our will is strong, if our hearts are right, and if courage remains our constant companion, then my fellow Americans, I am confident we shall overcome. Our objective must be to assure that all Americans play by the same rules, and all Americans play against the same odds. Who amongst us would claim that that is true today? 
Francis, delivered a historic, profound, provocative address to the Joint Session of Congress. This address reminded us that the nation is ‘‘considered great’’ when ‘‘it fosters a culture which enables people to dream of full rights for all their brothers and sisters.’’ 
Martin Luther King, to use a telling phrase of the Reverend Martin Luther King: ‘‘We can say that we have defaulted on a promissory note, and now is the time to honor it.’’ 
These three individuals we honor tonight tirelessly contributed to this culture of full rights and equality we are committed to achieving. 
American from Ohio to follow in his footsteps, following my mentor and dear friend, Stephanie Tubbs Jones, my colleague, mentor and friend, Congresswoman MARCIA FUDGE , who said at his 
footsteps: I don’t salute or get excited about a one hit wonder because Lou Stokes was far from that. 
the law. He loved the legislative process. He loved his family. And he loved Cleveland, Ohio. 
won’t repeat it. I will submit it for the RECORD , Congresswoman S HEILA JACKSONLEE, if that is okay. 
encouragement, his friendship, his wisdom, and his leadership. I can’t think of a time or a decision in my life that I didn’t pick up the phone and call Lou Stokes. 
Love you, Lou Stokes. Let me just briefly say we also salute 
Amelia Boynton Robinson, and much has been said about her. I stand on her shoulders. 
civil rights icon, whose passion and dedication to equality and justice propelled him to the Georgia Legislature, the NAACP, and the Southern Poverty Law Center, which he cofounded. 
His commitment to ending discrimination and injustice continues to inspire us, and his legacy will guide us and the next generation of civil rights leaders and activists to greatness. 
tribute to tonight, helped change this country for the better. 
JACKSON LEE. Thank you to all my colleagues with the Congressional Black Caucus for capturing and reflecting on the lives of three great civil warriors as we took a walk in their footsteps of greatness. 
honors the life and legacy of three Civil Rights leaders—Congressman Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robinson and Julian Bond who dedicated their lives to making our nation a better place. 
continue to push for civil rights and voting rights today. 
We have come to these chambers to continue their work as Members of the Congressional Black Caucus; we call on Congress to immediately pass the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015. 
Thank you Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEEfor hosting the CBC’s Special Order 
Hour paying tribute to Congressman Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robinson, and Julian Bond. 
Rights Act. Leaders . . . espoused words in 1965 that still hold true today. Words like: 
We have proved that great progress is possible. We know how much still remains to be done. And if our efforts continue, and if our will is strong, and if our hearts are right, and if courage remains our constant companion, then my fellow Americans, I am confident, we shall overcome. Our objective must be to assure that all Americans play by the same rules, and all Americans play against the same odds. Who among us would claim that that is true today? 
delivered a historic, profound, and provocative address to a Joint Session of Congress. 
‘‘considered great’’ when ‘‘it fosters a culture which enables people to dream of full rights for all their brothers and sisters.’’ 
MLK . . . to use a telling phrase of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. . . . we can say that we have defaulted on a promissory note and now is the time to honor it. 
The three individuals we honor tonight tirelessly contributed to this culture of full rights and equality we are committed to achieving. 
I am honored to be the third AfricanAmerican from Ohio to follow Congressman Louis Stokes who served for 30 years in Congress. I am forever grateful for his encouragement, friendship, wisdom, and leadership. 
Appropriations Committee, the first person of color to ever do so, and focused on improving housing and urban development for veterans, seniors, and the poor. 
Congressman Stokes helped found the Congressional Black Caucus to promote economic, educational, and social issues important to African Americans: this is a purpose the CBC continues to fulfill to this day, and a purpose I am honored to advance. 
It is also an honor to pay tribute to Amelia 
the U.S. Congress, I stand on the shoulders of Mrs. Boynton Robinson. 
SelmatoMontgomery marches, and walked at the front of the line that fateful day on March 7, 1965, which we now know as ‘‘Bloody Sunday’’. 
On August 6, 1965, she was the guest of 
honor at the White House when President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act of 1965 into law. 
I had the privilege to join Mrs. Boynton Robinson this past March, as thousands of Americans marched once again over the Edmund 
Pettus Bridge, remembering the struggles and recommitting ourselves to restoring voting rights protections, equality, and justice. 
passion and dedication to equality and justice propelled him to the Georgia legislature, the NAACP, and the Southern Poverty Law Center, which he cofounded. 
and injustice continues to inspire us and his legacy will guide the next generation of civil rights leaders and activists to greatness. 
to tonight, helped changed this country for the better. 
on the lives of three great civil rights warriors as we took a walk in their footsteps of greatness. 
whose footsteps we walk in and for that celebratory statement. 
Mr. Speaker, it is certainly my pleasure to yield to the gentlewoman from the U.S. Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ), 
who has come with the expertise of a renowned and trained lawyer, one who is a collaborator. 
I want to thank you and the Congressional Black Caucus for this Special Order Hour, a special tribute to the lives and legacy of Representative Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robinson, and Julian Bond. 
your work here in Congress, your tireless efforts to raise awareness to issues which many Americans may have forgotten or not given thought to. 
younger members here and your tireless efforts to support not only the people of Houston, but the people of America. 
important opportunity to pay tribute to these remarkable individuals. 
Mr. Speaker, today we gather in reverence and in solemn reflection to honor the lives and legacies of some exceptional people, some exceptional Americans, who we have lost in these recent months. 
statesmen and women, trailblazers, members of a great generation of individuals who gave so much of themselves to the Civil Rights Movement and to the advancement of minorities in our country. 
Stokes, former chairman of the NAACP and Georgia State Senator Julian Bond, and civil rights icon Mrs. Amelia Boynton Robinson. 
years of life, that in itself is a great honor—she was dedicated to education, fighting statesanctioned discriminatory practices against African Americans, and voter disenfranchisement. 
role in Selma’s civil rights demonstrations, including the infamous march on Bloody Sunday where she was beaten unconscious by State police, paved the way, through the subsequent passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, for both Congressman Stokes and State Representative Bond to serve in elected office. 
to Congress from the State of Ohio, Congressman Stokes was a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus and spent his 30year career in Congress advocating issues of importance to Ohioans and to African Americans across the country. 
from Georgia, was one of 11 African Americans elected to the Georgia House of Representatives after the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Bond served 20 years in both legislative chambers in the State of Georgia and served as the first president of the Southern Poverty Law Center. He also served as chairman of the NAACP. 
lives of so many African Americans and have undoubtedly advanced the rights and interests of minorities in both our States’ and our Nation’s governments. 
moment to recognize two individuals from my own home district of the Virgin Islands who, like Congressman Stokes, Julian Bond, and Amelia Robinson, have changed the landscape of the Virgin Islands through their advocacy and education. 
judge and Lieutenant Governor of the Virgin Islands, the late Julio A. Brady, who, like Julian Bond and Congressman Stokes, used his training as an attorney to contribute to his community outside of the courtroom. As a U.S. attorney, judge, and attorney general, Judge Brady fought to remove barriers of injustice. He was laid to rest this week. Like Congressman Stokes and 
Ursula Krigger was also a centenarian, like Amelia Robinson, and, at age 113 was the oldest living Virgin Islander until her passing this month. She was a griot, an educator whose longevity afforded a unique perspective of witnessing the modern advancement of our territory. 
The lives and legacies of these individuals are etched in the annals of our history and their impact forever ingrained in the minds and hearts of the many lives they touched. I am a better person; and, indeed, we are a better nation through the work of these individuals. 
I have listened to my colleagues tonight speak about Representative Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robinson, and Julian Bond and the personal impact these individuals had on the work of my colleagues with whom they served and have known personally. 
myself may not have had the great honor and pleasure of toiling and working with them shoulder to shoulder in the struggle for civil rights and the advancement of minorities in our country, Americans like myself understand and appreciate their sacrifice, and we understand the work that must still be done. We will continue their legacy here today and in Congress in the future. 
Black Caucus, for this time. And thank you again to my colleague from Texas, SHEILA JACKSON LEE, for the time that 
I have been afforded to speak on behalf of these great Americans. 
laying the groundwork for those who now step into those footsteps, and you have done so with such leadership and certainly such passion. Thank you so very much. 
by thanking the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus and my colleagues. It is so important for the Congressional Black Caucus to be able to talk to America—Representative BUTTERFIELD , Representative R ANGEL , 
and, of course, Congresswoman PLASKETT —to be able to give life to 
why we are here representing all of America. We have those special people that, without our voices, would not be able to be heard. 
the Pope, again, to be able to remind everyone why these icons that we are speaking of tonight in the Congressional Black Caucus—46 of us, along with Senator BOOKER —have a vital role 
in this place. As the Pope indicated, I would encourage you to keep in mind 
all those people around us who are trapped in the cycle of poverty. They, too, need to be given hope. The fight against poverty and hunger must be fought constantly on many fronts, especially in its causes. 
the past, are working to deal with this problem. That is the essence of Julian Bond, who never stopped giving; that is the essence of Amelia Boynton Robinson, who continued to fight for civil rights up until her death at the age of 104 on August 6, 2015; that is the essence of Congressman Lou Stokes, a legislative giant, the chairman of an appropriations subcommittee, a person who went to public housing and places where children were and told America that your children are dying because they are living in substandard housing, lead poisoning was killing them, which gave me the opportunity, Mr. Speaker, as I said before, to give a grant to my public housing just this past week on helping with lead poisoning. 
very glad to note that, working for him, I can say, truly a gentleman, truly a leader. 
To this Congress, I beg of you, let us 
look at these icons and celebrate not only their lives, but commit to the passion and justice of their lives, and, as well, the words of Pope Francis that tell us to do unto others as we would like them to do unto us. 
again thank the members of the Congressional Black Caucus. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I 
rise to speak in praise of Louis Stokes, one of the greatest and most respected Members ever to serve in this body, who died on Tuesday, August 18, 2015, at his home near Cleveland, Ohio at the age of 90. 
It is not unusual in these days for commentators and politicians to talk of something called ‘‘American Exceptionalism.’’ 
term: America is exceptional because it produces and finds persons like Louis Stokes and affords them the opportunity to utilize their talents to the fullest in the service of their community and their country. 
Think about it: in what other nation does a 
February 23, 1925, in Cleveland, Ohio, to Charles and Louise Cinthy (nee Stone) 
who worked in a laundromat, died leaving young Louis and his younger brother, Carl, to be raised by their mother, who worked as a domestic for affluent families in the wealthy Cleveland suburbs. 
a critical role in his life because she took care of the Stokes boys while their mother was at work and instilled in them ‘‘the idea that work with your hands is the hard way of doing things’’ and encouraged them over and over ‘‘to learn to use their heads.’’ 
after attending Cleveland’s Central High School and serving in the U.S. Army during World War II, he returned home to attend what is now Case Western Reserve University on the G.I. Bill at night while working during the day for the Veterans Administration and the Department of the Treasury. 
where he excelled as a student, Louis Stokes was accepted for admission to Cleveland Marshall School of Law, from which he graduated in 1953; three years later, his brother Carl would also graduate from Cleveland Marshall School of Law and the two of them would go on to form the law firm of Stokes & Stokes specializing in the areas of civil rights and criminal law. 
local branch of the NAACP, Louis Stokes led the legal challenge to the Ohio legislature’s congressional redistricting, which had the effect of diluting African American voting strength in Cleveland. 
The challenge was unsuccessful in the federal district court but undeterred, Louis Stokes, joined by Charles Lucas, an African American Republican, successfully appealed the decision to the U.S. Supreme Court, which in an order handed down in 1967 ruled the redistricting plan unconstitutional and ordered it redrawn, resulting in the creation of Ohio’s first majorityblack district, the 21st Congressional District of Ohio. 
onetime ally Charles Lucas to win that seat in November 1968, capturing 75% of the vote, the closest of his 15 successful elections to the U.S. House of Representatives. 
For the next 30 years, from 1969 to 1999, 
Congressman Stokes tirelessly fought for his constituents in Cleveland and for the best interests of the people of Ohio and the United States. 
of the Congressional Black Caucus from 1972–74, was the epitome of a public servant. 
In his second term in Congress, he won appointment to the powerful House Appropriations Committee, where he served for 28 years, later becoming the second African American ‘‘Cardinal’’ in history when he was selected to chair the VA, HUD, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. 
held by his colleagues and the leadership, Louis Stokes would also later be selected to Chair the House Permanent Select Committee 
charged with investigating the assassinations of President Kennedy and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. 
As Chairman of the House Ethics Committee and a person of unquestioned integrity, Louis Stokes oversaw the committee’s investigation of the corruption scandal known as ABSCAM in 1979–80, which eventually led to convictions of a senator and six House members. 
known for the national attention he attracted in 1987 as a member of the House Select Committee to Investigate Covert Arms Transactions with Iran/(‘‘IranContra’’), the scandal involving the illegal sale of military weapons to the Ayatollah Khomeini’s Iran to generate money to fund the illegal contra war in Nicaragua. 
North that he acted out of patriotism in engineering the illegal weapons sales and diverting the proceeds to fund the contras, a stern Louis Stokes lectured the misguided Colonel North on the rule of law, the true meaning of patriotism, and, in the process American exceptionalism: 
‘‘I suppose that what has been most disturbing to me about your testimony is the ugly part. In fact, it has been more than ugly. It has been chilling, and, in fact, frightening. I’m not just talking about your part in this, but the entire scenario, about government officials who plotted and conspired, who set up a straw man, a fall guy. Officials who lied, misrepresented and deceived. Officials who planned to superimpose upon our government a layer outside of our government, shrouded in secrecy and only accountable to the conspirators. 
at you in your uniform, I cannot help but remember that I wore the uniform of this country in World War II in a segregated Army. I wore it as proudly as you do, even though our government required black and white soldiers in the same Army to live, sleep, eat and travel separate and apart, while fighting and dying for our country. But because of the rule of law, today’s servicemen in America suffer no such indignity. 
had an eighthgrade education. She was a domestic worker who scrubbed floors. One son became the first black mayor of a major American city. The other sits today as chairman of a House intelligence committee. Only in America, Col. North. Only in America. And while I admire your love for America, I hope that you will never forget that others too love America just as much as you do and that others will die for America, just as quick as you will.’’ 
that America could fulfill the promise of its Founders or his dedication to the principles of the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution, stating: 
‘‘I’m going to keep on denouncing the inequities of this system, but I’m going to work within it. To go outside the system would be to deny myself—to deny my own existence. I’ve beaten the system. I’ve proved it can be done—so have a lot of others. 
‘‘But the problem is that a black man has to 
be extra special to win in this system. Why should you have to be a super black to get someplace? That’s what’s wrong in the society. The ordinary black man doesn’t have the same chance as the ordinary white man does.’’ Mr. Speaker, Louis Stokes’ commitment to 
fairness and equal treatment started long before he was elected to Congress. 
As a lawyer for the NAACP, he brought anti 
discrimination lawsuits, represented demonstrators arrested in antidiscrimination marches and sitins, and took the cases of poor persons charged with crimes. 
known to every lawyer in America and appreciated by every person who cherishes the protections guaranteed by the 4th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. 
I am speaking of the famous case of Terry 
As a result of Terry v. Ohio, a police officer 
has the right to stop, frisk, and question an individual he reasonably suspects to be engaged in criminal activity, but cannot seize items from that person if the pat down of the suspect’s outer clothing does not reveal any weapons posing a threat to the officer’s safety. 
Because of Louis Stokes’ exceptional advocacy in Terry v. Ohio, the right of every individual to secure from unreasonable searches and seizures was preserved while at the same not impeding the ability of law enforcement officers to perform their duties safely. 
ruling and communities that have a history of being harassed by law enforcement protected by the Constitution from arbitrary and abusive treatment by law enforcement. 
that respects the rights of all persons is not over. 
That is why I am proud to be the Ranking 
Member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations and a leader in the effort to reform the criminal justice system so that all persons receive fair and equal treatment regardless of their race, gender, religion, or national origin. 
promise of the 14th Amendment that ‘‘no state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any state deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.’’ 
It is a fight I am proud to continue today. Mr. Speaker, Louis Stokes will be mourned 
by friends and colleagues on both sides of the aisle who had the privilege to serve alongside him. 
He was a mentor to me and I will always remember his commanding presence and cherish the assistance he provided me and the example he set for new Members to follow. 
Louis’ beloved wife of 55 years; to his children, Shelly, Louis, Angela, and Lorene; his grandchildren; and the untold thousands of persons who touched and whose lives were touched by one of Cleveland’s greatest sons. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a 
moment of silence in memory of Louis Stokes, an exceptional American, and the gentleman from Ohio who served in this chamber for three decades with honor, integrity, and distinction. 
LOUSTOKES PUTHEALTH IMPACTS OF SUBSTANDARD HOUSING ON THE NATIONAL AGENDA, AND IN CLEVELAND : TERRY ALLAN , DORR 
Benner, then 8, looks outside from his Maurice Avenuue home in Cleveland. After Timothy and some of his siblings tested positive for lead poisoning, traced to the soil around their home, their mother restricted their outdoor play time. U.S. Rep. Lou Stokes, who died earlier this month, championed national attention and funding to address the problem of lead poisoning in innercity children. 
Recent stories and opinion pieces have eulogized the many accomplishments of the late U.S. Rep. Louis Stokes, from civilrights champion to accomplished litigator, statesman and lawmaker. We believe that Louis Stokes should also be recognized as a national leader who clearly understood the connection between substandard housing and health, and acted to address the problem, at a time when very few did. 
of the childhood leadpoisoning problem and its impact on our nation’s children was not fully recognized or well understood. 
screening in early childhood revealed that Greater Cleveland had among the highest rates of lead poisoning in the country, adding to the compounding disadvantages of children living in poverty in our community and across the United States. 
when Congressman Stokes held up a Newsweek magazine cover story on threats posed to children by lead paint, passionately advocating for the voiceless in our society while educating the community about this silent epidemic. He wanted all of us to understand the debilitating consequences of childhood lead exposure in the home environment and its impact on the life trajectory of these vulnerable kids. 
into action, by using his formidiable legislative acumen to establish the first Healthy Homes program in the country within the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
When he recognized in 1998 that young infants in his district were suffering from sometimes fatal lung bleeding associated with waterdamaged, moldy homes, he asked HUD to address the impact of innercity homes on children’s health. He understood that houses are systems, and that independently addressing lead paint problems, moisture intrusion and mold, injury risks and other housing hazards was inefficient and costly. He also had the vision to recognize that treating children at the hospital, only to release them back into the same substandard home that made them sick, created a vicious circle with major public health consequences. He knew these homes needed to be fixed. 
had shown interest in applying the experience of leadpoisoning prevention to include other health hazards in the home, such as plumbing problems and leaky basements, but lacked the authority. 
Through his vision, the Congressman invited us and others to testify at the House Subcommittee on HUD appropriations to see what could be done. Lou Stokes convinced his fellow committee members to provide the very first appropriation of $10 million to HUD for ‘Healthy Homes’ prevention programs in lowincome housing. His legacy has resulted in millions of homes that are safer and healthier as a direct result of that investment in our children. Since that time, 
Healthy Homes has provided more than $175 million in competitively awarded grants to communities across the nation to investigate and address health hazards in homes. 
The asthma homevisit program in Cleveland that decreases the hospitalization rate of children with asthma, highlighted in The Plain Dealer in June, is a direct outgrowth of Congressman Stokes’ work. 
Healthy Homes Award and presented the first one to him at the City Club of Cleveland. When he received the award, he pointed out that much has been achieved and that much more remains to be done. He also said that he really didn’t know what all the fuss was about, as he was just a kid who grew up in public housing, who wanted to do the right thing for our children. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I 
rise to speak in praise of Julian Bond, one of the leading lights of the Civil Rights Movement, who died on Saturday, August 15, 2015, at the age of 75. 
While Julian lost his battle to the illness that 
claimed his life, it is the struggle for civil rights and human dignity he helped to win that he will forever remembered and revered. 
1940 in Nashville, Tennessee to Julia Agnes and Horace Mann Bond. 
President of Lincoln University of Pennsylvania, the same institution attended by Thurgood Marshall and Langston Hughes who would both go on to make substantial contributions to the Civil Rights Movement and the advancement of AfricanAmericans. 
Julian’s father later became president of Atlanta University and Julian decided to attend Morehouse College, one of the leading black colleges in the nation. 
Julian Bond, who came from a long line of 
educators, determined at an early age to put his journalistic and organizing talents in service of the cause of civil rights and racial equality. 
While a student at Morehouse College, Julian helped found The Pegasus, a literary magazine, and led nonviolent student protests against segregation in Atlanta parks, restaurants, and movie theaters. 
there once was a time in our country when blacks and whites could not eat together in public restaurants, use the same public restrooms, stay at the same hotels, or attend the same schools. 
put his studies on hold to devote all of his energies and efforts to ending segregation and racial discrimination. 
Mr. Speaker, it is not unusual these days for 
us to think of a champion as someone who receives the highest accolades in sports. 
Julian Bond was a champion of the people. His success is measured not in the numbers 
of trophies, medals, ribbons, and championship banners, but in the number of doors and opportunities he helped to open for those who had been neglected, marginalized, and disenfranchised. 
violent social change it was necessary to organize so he cofounded the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC). 
participation of students and young people in the Civil Rights Movement, conceived the 
Freedom Rides that challenged the practice of racial segregation in interstate transportation and the Mississippi Freedom Summer project that undertook the dangerous work of helping African Americans register to vote in the state most committed to maintaining White supremacy by any means necessary. 
SNCC was not the first leadership role history and circumstance would call upon Julian Bond to assume; nor would it be the last. 
Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965, Julian Bond was elected to represent the residents of the 32nd district in Georgia House of Representatives. 
But on January 10, 1966, his white colleagues in the Georgia House voted 184–12 not to seat him because he had publicly expressed his opposition to the Vietnam War. 
more terms in the George House, where he cofounded the Georgia Legislative Black Caucus, and six terms in the Georgia State Senate. 
as president of the Southern Poverty Law Center that tracks the actions of hate groups to better inform and prepare communities about the dangers these groups pose. 
civil inequality and provided solutions by gathering groups of community leaders, professionals, and educators to protect what the laws and policies would not, our basic civil rights. 
In 1998, Julian Bond’s commitment to justice and equality led him to answer the call to serve and accept the position of Chairman of the NAACP, a post he held until 2010. 
fight to achieve equality into the modern era as he watched AfricanAmericans achieve the highest awards in their professions and continued to break down barriers. 
the election of the first African American President of the United States, a feat thought impossible just a decade earlier. 
Mr. Speaker, because of trailblazers like Julian Bond millions of Americans gained access to opportunities previously denied to members of their communities. 
years as president of the Southern Poverty Law Center, 12 years as the president of NAACP, 20 years as a state representative, and 75 years an unwavering champion of civil rights for all people, including the LGBT community. 
beloved wife Pamela, his children and grandchildren; and the untold millions of persons whose lives were touched by one of America’s greatest sons. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a 
moment of silence in memory of Julian Bond, a tireless and eloquent voice for justice, equality, and human dignity who did so much to close the gap between the promise of America’s founding ideals and the reality of people’s lives. 
‘‘hero’’ who ‘‘helped changed this country for the better.’’ The Rev. Jesse Jackson called him a ‘‘leader with strength, character.’’ NAACP Chairman Roslyn Brock said he ‘‘inspired a generation of civil rights leaders.’’ Teresa Sullivan, president of the University of Virginia, where he taught history for many years, called him a beloved retired professor who ‘‘shaped the course of history through his life and work.’’ 
Bond, one thing is for sure: He taught us all how to stand for what we believe. And he believed in freedom, justice and equality. 
For me, one of the most remarkable attributes of this civil rights giant is the fact that he never stopped giving. Even at the time of his brief illness and death on Aug. 15 at the age of 75, he was still serving faithfully as chairman emeritus on the NAACP board. Even after he retired from the professorship at the University of Virginia, he continued to mentor and remained a role model for students and others. 
lecturer and college teacher—and as a former politician—Julian Bond was one of those rare people whose work became legendary while he was still doing it. In fact, the Library of Congress once called him a ‘‘living legend.’’ 
he leaves many treasures that will simply keep on giving. UVA, where his papers are housed, has announced its goal to establish a Julian Bond Professorship in Civil Rights and Social Justice, which ‘‘will continue Bond’s scholarly legacy.’’ There will certainly be many more designations in honor of his life’s work. 
And surely some will rise, seeking to follow in his footsteps. Mr. Bond believed in young people’s ability to take the civil rights and social justice baton and run with it. Earlier this year, he told a group of Howard University students, ‘‘I think you know what the problems are. You know what the solutions are, and I’m sure we will be glad to help. But don’t depend on us to tell you what to do. Just go out and do it.’’ 
his pioneering civil rights work as a cofounder of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee to all of his work and contributions thereafter, Julian Bond was a model for anyone who aims to make an impact and leave the world a better place. 
In that regard, he was a role model for us 
1911, in Savannah, Georgia. Her early activism included holding black voter registration drives in Selma, Boynton spent her first two years of college at Georgia State College (now Savannah State University), then transferred to the Tuskegee Institute (now Tuskegee University) in Alabama. She graduated from Tuskegee with a home economics degree before further pursuing her education at Tennessee State University, Virginia State University and Temple University. 
activist career by registering African Americans to vote. In 1964, she ran for Congress to represent Alabama. She was the first woman to have run for this Democratic seat, and although she did not win, she received 10% of 
Boynton asked Martin Luther King Jr., who had witnessed her arrest in January 1965 for seeking to register Black voters, to visit Selma and empower the community. King accepted, and joined Boynton Robinson and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference in planning the march from Selma to Montgomery on March 17th, 1965. 
across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, they were confronted by 200 state troopers and Alabama policemen, who shot teargas and beat the nonviolent protesters. This horrific event came to be known as Bloody Sunday. 
At least 17 protesters were sent to the hospital, including Boynton Robinson. A picture of her unconscious body lying on the ground after an officer shot tear gas into her throat spread through every news media outlet across the globe, and quickly became a symbol for race relations in the United States at the time. 
The Selma to Montgomery march was a pivotal demonstration in the civil rights movement, leading to future victories such as the Voting Rights Acts of 1965 signed by President Lyndon B. Johnson. 
activist, leader, and woman, and is remembered for her courage and strength throughout the civil rights movement. She worked for equality for all until her last day on this earth. 
being beaten on a bridge in Selma, Ala., in 1965 to being pushed across the bridge in a wheelchair alongside the president of the United States, has died at age 104. 
to Troy Public Radio’s Kyle Gassiott that Boynton Robinson died early Wednesday morning. She had been hospitalized after suffering several strokes this summer. 
was a pioneer in the voting rights movement who took part in the event that came to be known as ‘‘Bloody Sunday,’’ when she and other activists were attacked by state troopers as they tried to march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge. 
Along with Rep. John Lewis, DGa., Boynton Robinson held hands with President Obama as the men walked across the bridge this past March, marking the 50th anniversary of the march in Selma. 
The Montgomery Advertiser reports: ‘‘Boynton Robinson asked Martin Luther 
King Jr. to come to Selma to mobilize the local community in the civil rights movement. She worked with the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and helped plan the Selma to Montgomery march. Her role in the event was recaptured in the movie ‘‘Selma,’’ where she was portrayed by actress Lorraine Toussaint. She was invited as a guest of honor to attend the signing of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 by President Lyndon B. Johnson.’’ 
1964 as the first AfricanAmerican to run for Congress in Alabama,’’ Alabama Public Radio reported earlier this year, when the civil rights legend attended Obama’s 2015 State of the Union address in Washington, DC. She was the guest of Rep. Terri Sewell, Alabama’s first elected AfricanAmerican congresswoman. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. What a grand opportunity to cite these great Americans: Amelia Boynton Robinson, Congressman Lou Stokes, and Julian Bond. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, Amelia Boyton Robinson was an American hero who devoted her entire life to the fight for equal rights for all. She was a child suffragette, who alongside her mother, advocated for the women’s vote and then as a young woman fought for the right of blacks to have their say at the ballot box. After bold run to represent Alabama in Congress, Mrs. Robinson helped organize the Bloody Sunday March from Selma to Montgomery. She was hospitalized after being knocked unconscious by a white officer on that perilous day, which left her undaunted and even more determined to fight for the AfricanAmerican vote. It was my honor to nominate her for a Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Phoenix Award earlier this year, but sadly, she died before I could present it to her. Thankfully, however, Mrs. Robinson was able to share enough stories about her courageous experiences to fill a history book and resonate for generations to come. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) 
before this honorable House with an issue that has been rather heartbreaking for so many of us for so long now: 
Christianity, where it started 2,000 years ago based on the Judeo principles from thousands of years before that, there has been a massive onslaught. Against Jews, it has been going on for some time; but especially in the last several years, it has become untenable for Christians. 
In an article by Debra Heine, September 20, my sister’s birthday, she wrote about ‘‘2,000 Years of Christian Civilization Destroyed on Obama’s Watch.’’ 
It says this in the article: ‘‘The Islamic State has managed to destroy two thousand years of Christian civilizations in the Middle East in just a couple of years, Lt. Col. Ralph Peters noted on ‘The O’Reilly Factor’ last week. And he placed the blame squarely on President Obama’s . . . policy. 
Middle East like a plague of locusts, and as they have spread, they have targeted religious minorities, particularly Christians, for destruction. In Syria, tens of thousands of Assyrian Christians have been attacked and displaced. ‘‘They are forgotten refugees.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I have met with Christians and Christian leaders from Syria, and the stories they tell and the horrors they talk about, the inhumanity to man that is being inflicted upon Christians in that area is just untenable. It is unconscionable. Women— talk about a war on women. If they are Christian women, it is absolutely horrendous. 
I ran into the same problem in meeting with family members in Nigeria of girls that were kidnapped by radical Islamists, Boko Haram. That was in Nigeria. 
President of Togo tomorrow. I have been to his country before. I have seen the poverty, and I have seen the affliction. 
are not even allowed to be in the area where the Apostle Paul walked. The Apostle Paul planted churches where Christian missionaries were, along the times right after Jesus resurrected. Right in the early days of the church, churches were planted. And now, while the United States is said to be the sole superpower, Christians are being persecuted in greater numbers around the world than ever in history. 
If there is a God who loves Christians, loves all people but has an affinity for Jews and Christians, then there would have to be a price for any nation that allows this to go on. 
priest who visited Kurdish Iraq last fall described the wounded souls of the Christians who had taken refuge there. They had been forced from their homes in northern Iraq in the summer of 2014. 
about genocide here. Genocide is not only when the people are killed, but also when the soul of a people is destroyed. And that is what is happening in Iraq now,’ said Fr. Andrzej Halemba, head of Aid to the Church in Need’s Middle East section, said October 28. ‘It is the most tragic thing that I have ever experienced.’’’ 
goes on: ‘‘‘I have seen people who have been deeply wounded in their soul. In the various crises in this world, I have often seen people who have lost everything. But in Iraq, there are Christians who have had to leave everything and take flight three or four times. They can see no light at the end of the tunnel.’ 
Christians fled to Lebanon after ISIS jihadists stormed their villages in Syria’s northeastern province of Hasakeh. 
community did their best to welcome the new refugees, but the displacement had left them traumatized. 
now, there is no one left except some fighters,’ lamented Chorbishop Yatron Koliana, as he oversaw the distribution at his diocese.’’ 
villages 2,000 years old, destroyed. Nothing left but some people trying to fight for just the ground that they are fighting on that once was their home. 
great tragedy in Syria’ . . . ‘They are depressed. Some of them have chronic illnesses. Their lives are difficult.’ 
on aid?’ asked 50yearold Simaan, who fled his village Tal Hormuz. 
international indifference to the plight of Assyrians under attack by ISIS in Syria and neighboring Iraq. 
the United States and Russia, is responsible’ . . . ‘They’’’—talking about ISIS—‘‘‘have destroyed our whole civilization . . . and the world is watching.’’’ 
We hear so many sad stories. Christians are being persecuted on our watch, and we are not talking enough about it. The President certainly isn’t. He tells us that we need to take tens or hundreds of thousands of more Muslim refugees. What about the Christians and the massive extermination of churches in the Middle East under this administration? We get it. The Constitution gives the President wide authority and wide latitude on foreign policy. Congress has some say because we can appropriate or defund what the President is doing—if we have leadership with courage to do that. 
more Assyrian Christian families were among the 120,000 people who fled Hasakah to escape ISIS forces who had entered the city looking to carry out a mass ethnoreligious slaughter. 
‘‘Fleeing Muslim persecution, Christian refugees are often targeted and persecuted anew by fleeing Muslim refugees.’’ 
The International Business Times reported: ‘‘Italian police have arrested 15 Muslim immigrants in Palermo, for allegedly having thrown Christian refugees off the rubber boat that was taking them to Italy after a fight for ‘religious reasons,’ according to media reports. 
and Ivory Coast—were part of a group of 100 that were rescued off the Libyan coast by the Italian coast guard. 
‘‘The Archbishop of Canterbury, recently warned British Prime Minister David Cameron that his government’s refugee policy was discriminating against Christians because Christians are not among the refugees being helped in U.N. camps. They are not in the U.N. camps because they fear persecution from radicalized Muslim refugees. 
‘‘The Most Reverend Justin Welby reportedly met the Prime Minister earlier this month with concerns that Christians in Syria will be largely excluded from the 20,000 refugees due to come to the U.K. over the next 5 years. 
‘‘The government, in line with European Union policy, is committed to taking in refugees from U.N. camps in Syria and neighboring countries. It 
cannot discriminate in favor of any one religious group. But the Archbishop has raised concerns that Christians have avoided refugee camps because of fears of persecution from rogue Islamist groups operating inside refugee camps. 
last Monday, Archbishop Welby said that, ‘within the camps there is significant intimidation and radicalization, and many particularly of the Christian population who have been forced to flee are unable to be in the camps.’ 
‘‘He went on: ‘What is the government’s policy of reaching out to those who are not actually in the camps?’’’ 
Lord Carey, who wrote in the Telegraph about his concern of the plight of Christians, wrote: 
have been calling for compassion for Syrian victims for many months is that the Christian community is yet again left at the bottom of the heap.’ 
‘‘‘Mr. Cameron’s policy inadvertently discriminates against the very Christian communities most victimized by the inhuman butchers of the so called Islamic State.’ 
the U.N. camps, because they have been attacked and targeted by Islamists and driven from them. They are seeking refuge in private homes, church buildings, and with neighbors and family.’ 
United States will also be required to apply through the U.N. 
‘‘‘A combination of European cowardice and awful American foreign policy has led to a mass Muslim migration that will affect the whole world.’’’ 
much too soft on President Obama and a bit too hard on the E.U.’ . . .‘If America doesn’t lead, it doesn’t happen.’’’ 
He went on to say: ‘‘‘Just look at a 
map of the Middle East . . . on George W. Bush’s last day in office. There is broad peace across the Middle East and North Africa, Iraq was finally convalescing, an d... Obama promptly, to 
please his Americahating base, abandons Iraq, backs the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, gets rid of Qaddafi without a plan for what goes after, threatens Assad . . . then does nothing, doesn’t listen to the intelligence community when for years they are telling him about the Islamic State coming— then tries to blame the intelligence community, and launches feckless airstrikes. The combination of his fecklessness and cowardice, his rhetorical bravado and utter incompetence are responsible.’’’ 
thousand years of Christian civilization destroyed on his watc h... That’s on Obama. When 
Obama. I am sure he is mainly responsible for our foreign policy, but we need to stand up to the President. When Iran is out there saying, as they have in the 
last couple of weeks, that with the $100 billion, $150 billion that President Obama is going to see to Iran getting 
quickly, and the hundreds of billions of dollars that will flow in subsequent years, they were already announcing they are going to increase their support for Hamas and Hezbollah as they kill Americans, continue to kill Christians, and continue to kill moderate Muslims who are not radicalized, at what point is Congress responsible for not standing up to the President? 
very important point has come, and right now it is up to the United States Senate to have a backbone on behalf of the millions that stand to be persecuted and killed by the money that they are going to allow to go to Iran by failing to do what they could to stop this world atrocity. 
intelligent minds that the Iran deal is a treaty. It is a treaty as anticipated by the Founders. It is a treaty as referred to in the Constitution, article II, section 2, second paragraph, and it requires a vote of twothirds of the Senate present to go along with it in order for it to be effective. 
the Constitution. Legislation can’t amend the Constitution. Once it is clear—as it is—that the Iran deal is a treaty, then we need desperately to have people in the Senate stand up— some of them have—make clear this is a treaty; it requires twothirds in order to approve it or it is not ratified, it is not effective, and the President is not allowed to release the 100plus billion, $150 billion to Iran that will be used for atrocities, especially toward America, toward Christians, toward moderate nonradicalized Muslims, toward Jews, and toward Israel. There is a real responsibility here. It may take courage—I am sure it will—for the Senate to stand up and the Senate majority leader to stand up and say: Sorry, Mr. President, the Iran deal is a treaty. We have listed in our letter to the majority leader in the Senate some of the bases, it is spelled out in our resolution that we filed and talked about here on the floor, it is clearly a treaty. 
argument that capped a couple of days of oral argument in the case can be found online. He was afraid that if he did not do an adequate job as a lawyer, 
those Africans that he was representing that had been captured by other Africans and sold into slavery, sent to the Caribbean, and then put on the Spanish ship the Amistad, they were able to overtake and overpower the Spanish and take charge of the ship. They landed in America. The lawsuit was over whether or not they were free Africans or whether they were property of the Spanish. 
Quincy Adams must have had as he stood downstairs in the Old Supreme Court Chamber. One of the Justices had died one night during oral argument, not while he was actually arguing. That final day he knew if he didn’t do an adequate job, his clients would wear chains and their children would wear chains all because he didn’t do an adequate job as their lawyer. 
calling the names of Justices of the Supreme Court who had been on the Supreme Court but had passed away. Chief Justice, Justices, he knew them. He called their names: The Justice that started this case, where is he? Where are all these Justices? Where is the Solicitor General that argued before me? 
This is around 1821. This is in the late 
1830s. He is now arguing in the Supreme Court in their Chamber downstairs. 
Court Justices that had passed away, he finishes basically by saying they have gone to meet their Judge, and the biggest question is when they met their Maker, their Judge, did they hear the words: ‘‘Well done, good and faithful servant?’’ 
It is very clear, send a message to the 
Supreme Court. Think about it, Justices. If you died tonight like the other Judge just died in the last couple of nights and you go to meet your Maker, do you want the last thing you did to be having sent wonderful African people out in chains that they would wear and their children would wear—possibly their children and their children—all because you didn’t do the right thing as a judge? He won the case, as well he should. 
I can’t help but wonder if John Quincy Adams were here today arguing on behalf of Christian communities all over the Middle East that have been destroyed, refugees that have been sent running, Jews that can no longer populate the area because of threats and violence upon them, and he saw that the United States that he had been President of and was in the House of Representatives after having been President, if he would not be mortified, if he would not challenge us today: Do we want to meet our Maker, our Judge, and we saw and heard about the plight of Christians, Jews, and moderate Muslims around the Middle East and North Africa just being slaughtered, women being raped and torn apart, brutalized in unthinkable ways, and we turned a blind eye to that and said that we are going to bring in massive numbers of refugees who are Muslim, 72 percent of which are male, and we have been told by radicals that they are going to make sure that there are people that want to kill and destroy more Christians, more Jews, more of America, and we are going to bring them in without proper vetting—because you can’t vet them properly—all while Christians, Jews, and moderate Muslims are being slaughtered and overrun all through the Middle East as we are credited with 
U.N.—where we pay far more than anybody even comes close to in order to keep it going as they continue to become more and more antiSemitic, antiIsraeli, and antiAmerican—they entertain the largest supporter of terrorism in the world, the leader of Iran. And he says this in part, the leader of Iran, the President Rouhani: 
If we did not have U.S. military invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq and the United States’ unwarranted support for the inhumane actions of the Zionist regime against the oppressed nation of Palestine, today the terrorists would not have an excuse for the justification of their crimes. 
Julian Hattem, 9–28–15, which is interesting. We have heard that throughout the United States, if we just hadn’t gone into Iraq, if we hadn’t gone into Afghanistan, if we hadn’t gone into Afghanistan with the 300 Americans that we embedded—about 300—we embedded and let the Afghans destroy the Taliban by February of 2002, then we became an overwhelming occupying force in Afghanistan—but at least by February of 2002, if we hadn’t gone in and helped them, the Taliban would still be completely controlling Afghanistan. That is the way it is. 
occupiers, and this President has only tripled the number of deaths in Afghanistan, even though the war is supposedly over. Over tripled the number of American deaths, even though the real war was during President Bush, because of this President’s rules of engagement and disastrous foreign policy. 
the President of Iran. He is telling the UN and the world that, if it weren’t for the United States’ invasion in Afghanistan and in Iraq, there wouldn’t be any American terrorists. 
the U.N. listen to a man that is this big a liar or is this stupid? Because you don’t have to be all that bright to understand September 11 of 2001 happened before we sent 300 or so into Afghanistan to help them destroy the Taliban and before we went in and took out a brutal dictator in Iraq. 
In fact, the planning of 9–11–2001 happened during the Clinton administration on President Clinton’s watch. And for people that are fools or liars like Rouhani and they don’t know or are just lying about it, during the Clinton administration, President Clinton’s policies were to run and help persecuted Muslims whenever we found them around the world. 
And while we were busy helping Muslims, Western Asia, Eastern Europe, wherever we could help them, they were planning the attack on New York City and Washington, D.C., and hoping to wipe out the entire American government here in Washington, D.C. And but for the heroic act of people on a plane that took it down in Pennsylvania, they may well have. 
lies about, oh, if America just hadn’t invaded Afghanistan and Iraq, regardless of whether you agree with what President Bush ordered with Iraq, the fact is 9/11 was a terrorist attack before and so was the attack on the USS Cole and so were the attacks on our embassies around the world during the 1990s and so was the first World Trade Center attack in 1993 that apparently had some planning back during the former President Bush’s administration. 
stopped a brutal dictator, Saddam Hussein, who had raided another Muslim country, and we went in and helped Kuwait get their country back. We went to help the Muslims. And how do they reward us? To plan an attack to try to take down the World Trade Centers in ’93. 
It is very clear Christianity, Judaism, Israel, all were under attack and so was America. And our enemies can’t believe how stupid Americans are because we are going to reward the biggest supporter of terrorism in the world—Iran—with $100 to $150 billion that they are already saying they are going to use to help Hamas and Hezbollah kill more Christians, more Jews, help wipe out Israel, help the attack against the Great Satan, the United States. 
the United States Government to stand up and help correct the wayward policies of this administration. We start by having the United States Senate in one voice say the Iranian deal is a treaty and we are taking a vote on it and cloture is set aside with 51 votes. 
ratify it. It will not become effective against the United States. And thank God we will then have stopped the continued persecution of Christians, moderate Muslims, Jews, Israelis, and the United States, instead of rewarding them and helping them take us out. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair reminds Members to avoid engaging in personalities toward the President. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today through October 1 on account of a family emergency. 
Mr. ALGREEN of Texas (at the request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on account of unforeseen circumstances. 
to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse. 
S. 994. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 52 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, September 29, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2061. A bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 114–268). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. CROWLEY, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
H.R. 3621. A bill to ensure that Social Security contributions made by workers are available to pay all benefits which they have 
H.R. 3622. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide incentives for the expansion of manufacturing in the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3623. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the amount allowed as a deduction for interest on education loans paid by married couples; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3624. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3625. A bill to ensure that claims for 
benefits under the Black Lung Benefits Act are processed in a fair and timely manner, to better protect miners from pneumoconiosis (commonly known as ‘‘black lung disease’’), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
CRAMER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. B ROOKS of 
H.R. 3626. A bill to prohibit funding for the 
Environmental Protection Agency to be used to implement or enforce a capandtrade program for greenhouse gases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
LEVIN, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. N EAL, Mr. B ECERRA , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. L ARSONof Connecticut, Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mr. K IND, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C ROWLEY, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
H.R. 3627. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 
1974 to exclude from eligibility for the generalized system of preferences any country that fails to effectively enforce its environmental laws or meet its international environmental obligations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3628. A bill making continuing appropriations for military pay in the event of a Government shutdown; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
Substances Act to provide that Federal law shall not preempt State law; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HECK of Washington (for himself, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. L ARSEN of 
and Mr. N EWHOUSE ): H.R. 3630. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to provide assistance for programs and activities to protect the water quality of Puget Sound, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
GABBARD , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. P ETERS , and 
and Nationality Act to repeal the sunset of the special immigrant nonminister religious worker program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EDWARDS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
H.R. 3632. A bill to prohibit drilling in the 
H.R. 3633. A bill to amend the District of 
Columbia Home Rule Act to make local funds of the District of Columbia available for use by the District during any portion of a fiscal year in which no Federal law appropriating local funds for the fiscal year is in effect, at the rates of operation provided under the local budget act for the fiscal year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
borrowers’ rights to basic consumer protections, reasonable and flexible repayment options, access to earned credentials, and effective loan cancellation in exchange for public service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Judiciary, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
sense of the House of Representatives that corporations should commit to utilizing the benefits of gender diversity in boards of directors and other senior management positions; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
for designation of October 2 as ‘‘National Manufacturing Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, To make all 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 3621. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 3622. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 3623. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration’’; and 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 3624. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislation is based is found in article I, section 8, clause 9; article III, section 1, clause I; and article III section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress authority over the federal courts. 
H.R. 3625. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; 
H.R. 3626. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 7, Article 1 and Clause 7, 
Section 9, Article 1 of the United States Constitution 
H.R. 3627. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution that grants Congress the authority, ‘‘To regulate Commerce with Foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 3628. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the 
Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
H.R. 3629. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3630. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3631. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the US Constitution 
H.R. 3632. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
H.R. 3633. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 3634. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Commerce Clause) 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (the Necessary and Proper Clause) 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 592: Mr. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 865: Mr. O LSON and Mr. C OLLINS of 
H.R. 902: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER . 
H.R. 940: Mr. S TUTZMAN and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 1218: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1422: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 1459: Mr. B EYER and Ms. F RANKEL of 
H.R. 1475: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. B ARR, and 
H.R. 1594: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. B OST, Mr. T ONKO , 
Ms. A DAMS , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. B EYER and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 1786: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G ALLEGO , and 
H.R. 1814: Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 2096: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mr. L ARSEN  
H.R. 2405: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 2646: Mr. M CHENRY and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 2739: Mr. M ULLIN and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2764: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. B ECERRA , and 
H.R. 2799: Mr. C UELLAR and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. L EWIS and Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. B ILIRAKIS and 
H.R. 2911: Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. D OLD, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 2987: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. D OLD, Mr. C LAY, Mr. H ECK of 
Washington, Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. S TEFANIK , 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
H.R. 3024: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 3151: Mr. O LSON and Mr. W ESTMORE LAND . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. O LSON , 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 3338: Mr. B LUM and Mr. S EANPATRICK  
H.R. 3381: Mr. B ARTON , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D OLD, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 3412: Mr. A GUILAR and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . 
H.R. 3423: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
H.R. 3442: Mr. O LSON and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 3457: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. C LAWSON  
of Florida, Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. T ROTT , and 
H.R. 3459: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. 
H.R. 3495: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. L ATTA , 
Mr. S MITH of Missouri, and Mr. B RADY of 
H.R. 3502: Ms. M OORE and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, and Mr. D UNCAN  
H.R. 3522: Mr. C OHEN and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
H.R. 3573: Mr. O LSON and Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 3594: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. F OXX, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Ms. S TEFANIK , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K LINE, 
Mr. B ARLETTA , and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 3611: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
DOLD, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L OBIONDO , 
Mr. L ONG, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C OLE, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
H.J. Res. 50: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. L UCAS , Mrs. L UMMIS , Ms. 
MCSALLY , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H. Con. Res. 78: Mr. A BRAHAM , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
Mr. F OSTER , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. V ELA, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
H. Res. 429: Ms. E STY, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. A SHFORD , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mrs. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act) that warranted a referral to the Committee on Foreign Affairs do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 3495 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
H.R. 3614 does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6961 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2015 No. 140 