rise today to honor my friend, Mike Harper, on his 88th birthday. Mr. Harper served as the CEO of ConAgra, an agricultural giant and Fortune 500 company headquartered in the heart of my district. 
the helm at ConAgra and presided over a massive expansion of business in Nebraska. By 1987, though, Nebraska was emerging from the farm crisis and feared the loss of significant corporate presence. Mike personally spearheaded the effort to reform State taxes and regulations that made corporate investment burdensome. 
as CEO of ConAgra, and 1987, the profits of ConAgra soared, as did the fortunes of business in Nebraska. Thanks to Mike’s leadership in business and politics, Nebraska now has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the country. My district in particular enjoys a wellbalanced economy, including manufacturing, agriculture, and a wide array of services. 
On this day, I wish to rise to applaud 
this giant of the agriculture industry and a major contributor to the expansion and preservation of Nebraska’s local economy. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise today to congratulate Nappanee Mayor Larry Thompson on his retirement. A devoted husband and proud father, Mayor Thompson has dedicated his life to serving his community. He and his wife, Linda, grew up in the Nappanee area and, along with his two children, run their family funeral home business. 
instrumental in making Nappanee one of the most vibrant cities in the State of Indiana. He helped establish the Boys and Girls Club of Nappanee and created the West Industrial Park. 
that struck Nappanee in 2007, Thompson led a coalition of community leaders to help rebuild the parts of the city that had been destroyed or damaged. 
sector, Mayor Thompson is an active member of the community, involved with Kiwanis and the American Red Cross. He has dedicated his life to public service. 
God bless you, Larry, in your retirement. REPUBLICAN CALENDAR OF 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Republicans are giving us a fall calendar of chaos. We have 5 legislative days before they shut the government down. 
of bad policy. Two years ago, people said they would never shut it down, and they did it. When they shut it down, it cost the economy $24 billion, and 120,000 jobs were lost; and they are going to do it again in 5 days. 
Speaker, in this calendar of chaos. They have missed a deadline for the highway trust fund, costing more jobs. We are careening towards another fiscal cliff with the debt ceiling. They missed the deadline for the ExportImport Bank, which cost a bunch of jobs, 500 lost jobs, as a result of this calendar of chaos. 
the American people, everyday Americans, do not deserve this Republican calendar of chaos. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
consumed due to wildfire. This is approaching the record that we don’t want to break of 10 million that happened in 2006. 
year’s wildland fire season has spent $243 million just in the last week of August alone. We have 30,000 American firefighters deployed, as well as hundreds from Australia, New Zealand, and Canada. Despite this dedication, the current Federal firefighters are given erroneous job titles, such as wildland technician or forestry technician. 
H.R. 3363, the Federal Wildland Firefighter Recognition Act, would give them the proper title of wildland firefighters and allows those who risk their lives to be recognized properly and given the respect they deserve. Let’s pass H.R. 3363 to give them their proper title. 
have less than 5 legislative days here in Washington before the end of this fiscal year, but instead of funding the government, House majority leadership is focused on defunding Planned Parenthood. For nearly a century, Planned Parenthood has been one of the Nation’s leading providers of high quality, affordable health care for women. It has fundamentally changed attitudes towards women’s reproductive freedom, which has been essential to women’s health and given women more control over their health care decisions. 
Planned Parenthood health center for care in her lifetime. They are often one of the few affordable places for women to turn when they are searching for care. Cutting Federal funds to Planned Parenthood means taking away money for cervical cancer screenings, breast care screenings, and other types of necessary care. 
the other side of the aisle to come to the table and negotiate a way to fund the government and to stop these political games that put women’s health at risk. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in honor of Citizenship Day, observed yesterday, September 17, to recognize all who have become citizens of our great Nation. 
The 10th Congressional District in Illinois is a place where thousands of immigrants have started and grown their businesses, raised their families, and achieved the American Dream. 
a place where goals can be accomplished and the doors of opportunity are always open for those who work hard. 
of attending a Naturalization Oath Ceremony for some very good friends, the Jeannin family in Chicago. It was a ceremony in Judge Sam Der Yeghiayan’s chambers, and Christophe, Natalie, Audrey, and Alex all raised their right hand to swear allegiance to the United States of America. 
the United States with his family in the late seventies. His mother and father—Gerard and Madeline—and his sisters—Dominique, Sophie, and Ann— were all here and were contributing members of our community. They have all since left, but Christophe has remained. 
is just one example of immigrants who have made a tremendous impact in our community. We are stronger and a more diverse community because of immigrants that call our Nation home. 
Natalie, Audrey, Alex, and all of the citizens this week that have become United States citizens. Congratulations. 
night, nearly 80 of my colleagues joined me in sending a letter to Speaker BOEHNER urging him to keep the House 
in session every day until we reach a solution that prevents a government shutdown. 
damaged our economy: $24 billion in lost economic activity, 120,000 fewer private sector jobs created during the shutdown, and 20,000 veterans disabilities claims per week that were stalled. And yet even though we have nearly 2 weeks left before a shutdown would happen, there are only 5 days of scheduled activity in this House Chamber. 
The American people can’t afford another selfinflicted Washington wound on our economy. The stakes are just too high to take even a day off. We owe it to working families, seniors, and veterans across our Nation to get the job done right now. 
to seek justice for victims of Iran’s statesponsored terror. 
Officer Robert Stethem. In June 1985, Petty Officer Stethem, 23 years old, was murdered by Hezbollah terrorists aboard hijacked TWA Flight 847 in Beirut. He was executed when the hijackers realized he was a United States servicemember. They tortured him, and then they murdered him in cold blood before leaving his body on the tarmac below the plane. 
Iran’s most lethal terrorist proxies. In 2002, a Federal judge ordered Iran to pay more than $320 million to Stethem’s family and other victims of Flight 847’s hijacking. It is one of the more than 80 judgments that require Iran to pay $43 billion to victims of its radical allies. Not one dime has been paid. 
its victims, it will soon get a $150 billion windfall from the end of the sanctions under the proposed nuclear deal. In short, Iran’s hardliners will get a payday while their victims await billions of dollars in compensation. 
legislation, the Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act, which prohibits the removal of sanctions until Iran pays every penny it owes. It is the least we can do for victims like Chief Petty Officer Stethem and the families that suffered at Iran’s hands, and I urge my colleagues to support it. b0915 
GOP’s dysfunction has real consequences for the hardworking Americans who elected us and who are trying to make ends meet for their families. 
Rather than pass a longterm highway bill that invests in our crumbling infrastructure and creates jobs, Republicans instead keep catering to the most radical elements of their base. 
The American people deserve better. It is time for the Republican Congress to come to its senses and for this Congress to come together for the good of the people who elected us. 
pursuant to House Resolution 421, I call up the bill (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a healthcare practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 421, the bill is considered read. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
an infant, the infant is a legal person for all purposes under the laws of the United States, and entitled to all the protections of such laws. 
or within a hospital, clinic, or other facility has the same claim to the protection of the law that would arise for any newborn, or for any person who comes to a hospital, clinic, or other facility for screening and treatment or otherwise becomes a patient within its care. 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1531 the following: 
or attempted abortion that results in a child born alive (as defined in section 8 of title 1, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘BornAlive Infants Protection Act’)): 
practitioner present at the time the child is born alive shall— 
the cost of the abortion or attempted abortion; and 
court shall award a reasonable attorney’s fee to a prevailing plaintiff in a civil action under this subsection. 
defendant in a civil action under this subsection prevails and the court finds that the plaintiff’s suit was frivolous, the court shall award a reasonable attorney’s fee in favor of the defendant against the plaintiff. 
the use or prescription of any instrument, medicine, drug, or any other substance or device— 
and preserve the life and health of the child born alive; or 
respect to an abortion, means conduct that, under the circumstances as the actor believes them to be, constitutes a substantial step in a course of conduct planned to culminate in performing an abortion.’’. 
sections for chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after 
shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary or their respective designees. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H.R. 3504, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
of representatives of the organization Planned Parenthood, which performs some 40 percent of all abortions each year. Those videos, recorded undercover, include discussions of instances in which during the course of an attempted abortion a baby is born ‘‘intact.’’ 
‘‘Sometimes . . . if someone delivers before we get to see them for a procedure, then they’’—the babies—‘‘are intact. But that’s not what we go for.’’ 
you had intact cases, which we’ve done a lot, we sometimes ship those back to our lab in its entirety.’’ 
video: ‘‘I literally have had women come in and they’ll go in the OR’’—the operating room—‘‘and they’re back out in 3 minutes, and I’m going, ‘What’s going on?’ ‘Oh, yeah. The fetus was already in the vaginal canal whenever we put her in the stirrups. It just fell out.’’’ 
A former employee of the same company told investigators that she was shown the results of one abortion by a doctor, and she recalls: ‘‘This is the most gestated fetus and the closest thing to a baby I’ve seen . . . and she’’—the doctor—‘‘taps the heart and it starts beating . . . The nodes were still firing and I don’t know if that means it’s technically dead or it’s alive. It had a face. It wasn’t completely torn up. Its nose was very pronounced. It had eyelids . . . Since the fetus was so intact, she said, ‘Ok. Well, this is a really good fetus and it looks like we can procure a lot from it. We’re going to procure a brain . . . That means we’re going to have to cut the head open.’ She takes a scissors and she makes a small incision right here’’—at the chin—‘‘and goes, I would 
say, maybe a little bit through the mouth, and she’s like, ‘Ok. Can you go the rest of the way?’. . . And so she gave me the scissors and told me that I have to cut down the middle of the face. And I can’t even describe what that feels like.’’ 
which I chair, is undergoing a comprehensive investigation of the issues raised by these videos. But as that and other investigations continue, Congress must move immediately to protect any children born alive during the course of a failed abortion. 
profound, insofar as it might be a reflection of the Nation’s conscience. 
in the case of an abortion that results in a child’s being born alive, any healthcare practitioner present must exercise the same degree of professional care to preserve the life of the child as he or she would render to any other child born alive at the same gestational age. The bill also provides that the child must be immediately transported and admitted to a hospital. 
If a baby born alive is left to die, the 
penalty can be up to 5 years in jail. If the child is cut open for its body parts or some other overt act is taken, the punishment is that for first degree murder, which can include life in prison or the death penalty. 
abortions. Just last week, the committee heard direct testimony by two grown women who, as babies, survived attempted abortions. The mother of one of them, Gianna Jessen, was advised by Planned Parenthood to have an abortion. 
of dying, after 18 hours of being burned in my mother’s womb, I was delivered alive in an abortion clinic in Los Angeles.’’ Her medical records state clearly that she was ‘‘born alive’’ during an abortion. 
abortionist was not at work yet. Had he been there, he would have ended my life with strangulation, suffocation, or leaving me there to die. Instead, a nurse called an ambulance, and I was rushed to a hospital. Doctors did not expect me to live. I did. I was later diagnosed with cerebral palsy, which was caused by a lack of oxygen to my brain while surviving the abortion. I was never supposed to hold my head up or walk. I do. And cerebral palsy is a great gift to me.’’ 
Jessen says cerebral palsy is a gift to her because it came with the gift of life. Ms. Jessen presented a picture at the hearing, showing the results of the sort of abortion she survived. 
Today, I ask the Nation to see in its 
collective mind the body of a baby, much like this one, on the floor, born alive during a failed abortion. I ask that we collectively reach down into our hearts and, also, reach down to the floor. As we vote today, I ask that we, as a 
nation, grasp the value of life and, also, grasp that baby’s back, lift its tiny body off the ground, and take it to a hospital—and not leave her with the abortionist. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
bill is not about protecting children born alive. Its real intent is to further undermine a woman’s right to choose, a right that has been constitutionally guaranteed for more than 42 years by Roe v. Wade. 
Not only does this bill attempt to politicize women’s health and to limit women’s access to abortion, it would interfere with the sacred doctorpatient relationship and substitute a physician’s best judgment with the judgment of a handful of politicians’. 
come to the floor at the same time as the push to defund Planned Parenthood. 
This attack on a venerable and respected provider of highquality health care would have a devastating impact on women, especially women in rural communities, lowincome women, and women of color, and it would deny women access to preventive care, life saving cancer screenings, and family planning services. 
relied on Planned Parenthood for health care at some point in her lifetime. It is a blatant attack on women and families to defund an organization that uses Federal funds to prevent abortions and to help families stay healthy and cannot even use Federal funding for abortion. 
that, by defunding Planned Parenthood’s critical contraception and other reproductive health services in the name of opposing abortion, we would see more unintended pregnancies and, therefore, more abortions. 
standard of care for abortion providers that could interfere with the ability of physicians to make medical decisions for their patients. 
In doing so, the bill represents an unprecedented level of intrusion by the government into medical decisions. 
abortion provider to immediately transport a fetus to a hospital in some cases even if the fetus is not viable under existing law and under the standards of care applicable to neonatal physicians. 
penalties so severe—up to 5 years in prison—that one can only conclude that the real purpose of the bill is to intimidate abortion providers out of service. 
The bill also requires doctors and employees of hospitals and clinics that provide abortion services to report any violations of the bill’s standard of care 
these requirements is threatened with fines and up to 5 years in prison. This is not just the doctors but the cleaning crew and the receptionists. 
bill completely fails to distinguish between a viable and nonviable fetus, which is the constitutional line that separates abortions that may be performed without restrictions from those that may be regulated or prohibited. 
combined with severe penalties, will effectively intimidate doctors and ultimately drive them away from the abortion practice, which appears to be the true intent of this troubling bill. 
are opposed to this bill, those like the National Women’s Law Center, the AAUW, the ACLU, and Physicians for Reproductive Choice and Health. 
In fact, the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, which represents 58,000 physicians, opposes H.R. 3504 because it represents a gross interference in the practice of medicine, inserting a politician between a woman and her doctor. 
making abortion unavailable as a practical matter, abortion opponents seek to accomplish, in fact, what they have not accomplished in the courts or in public opinion. Simply put, H.R. 3504 is yet another attack on women’s health and rights. 
When the BornAlive Infant Protection Act, or BAIPA, became law 13 years ago, the bill’s sponsors clarified that the law was not intended to affect abortion practice or a woman’s right to choose. 
medical decisions regarding patient care. That is why Judiciary Committee Democrats voted to support it. 
directly contradict those assurances. Let’s not forget that politicians are not doctors. 
our jobs and fully funding highquality women’s health care instead of trying to keep doctors from doing theirs. I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this dangerous bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ), the chairman of 
the Constitution and Civil Justice Subcommittee and the author of this legislation. 
gentleman. I also thank the gentleman for his commitment to protecting these little babies. 
America is an exceptional nation, whose unique core premise is that declared conviction that we are all created equal and that each of us is endowed by our Creator with the inalienable right to live. Abraham Lincoln called upon all of 
us in this Chamber to remember those words of America’s Founding Fathers and ‘‘their enlightened belief that nothing stamped with the divine image and likeness was sent into the world to be trodden on or degraded and imbruted by its fellows.’’ 
He reminded those he called posterity that ‘‘when in the distant future some man, some factions, some interests should set up a doctrine that some were not entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness that ‘their posterity’’’—that is us, Madam Speaker—‘‘might look up again to the Declaration of Independence and take courage to renew the battle which their fathers began.’’ 
Madam Speaker, the sincerest purpose of the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act is to renew that noble battle to respect and protect those little fellow human beings among us who are this moment being trodden on and degraded and imbruted by their fellows. 
Not long ago, in the land of the free 
and the home of the brave, authorities entered the clinic of Dr. Kermit Gosnell and found a torture chamber for little bornalive babies that defies description within the constraints of the English language. 
said, ‘‘Dr. Kermit Gosnell had a simple solution for unwanted babies: he killed them. He didn’t call it that. He called it ‘ensuring fetal demise.’ The way he ensured fetal demise was by sticking scissors in the back of the baby’s neck and cutting the spinal cord. He called it ‘snipping.’ Over the years there were hundreds of ‘snippings’.’’ 
employees, said she saw babies breathing, and she described one as 2 feet long that no longer had eyes or a mouth, but, in her words, was making like this screeching noise and it ‘‘sounded like a little alien.’’ 
Speaker, numerous video recordings have been released that demonstrate that Kermit Gosnell was just the tip of the iceberg of the abortion industry’s unspeakable cruelty to these little children of God. 
and all of us now see the walls behind the abortion industry and the horrifying plight of its little human victims, who we must not forget, are also the least of these, our little brothers and sisters. 
Our response, as a people and a Nation, to these horrors shown in these videos is vital to everything those lying out in Arlington National Cemetery died to save. 
Protection Act, Madam Speaker, protects little children who have been born alive. No one in this body can obscure the humanity and the personhood of these little bornalive babies, nor can they take refuge within the schizophrenic paradox Roe v. Wade has subjected this country to, for now, more than 40 years. 
these decades to convince the world that unborn children and born children should be completely separated in our minds, that while born children are persons worthy of protection, unborn children are not persons and are not worthy of protection. 
But, Madam Speaker, those who oppose this bill to protect bornalive babies now have the impossible task of trying to join born children and unborn children back together again and then trying to convince all of us to condemn them both as inhuman and not worthy of protection after all. 
hardened their heart and soul, Madam Speaker, an honest consideration of this absurd inconsistency is profoundly enlightening. 
faced such paradox and selfimposed blindness before. There was a time that our own House rules banned any discussion or debate in this Chamber about the effort to end human slavery in America. 
come and with it came a time when the humanity of the victims and the inhumanity of what was being done to them became so glaring even to the hardest of hearts that it moved an entire nation of people to find the compassion and the courage in their own souls to change their position. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ), 
an outstanding and leading member of our Judiciary Committee. 
bless the United States Supreme Court for its Roe v. Wade decision that liberated the women of this country to make their own decisions, to exercise their own consciences in the most intensely private matter of whether they should carry a pregnancy to term. 
there are those who hold the religious conviction that a onecelled organism—one cell, two cells—is a fully formed human being. 
They are entitled to religious conviction. They are not entitled to impose that religious conviction on all the women of this country who may not share it. That is essentially the abortion debate. 
although some people would like to. We are debating this ridiculous BornAlive Survivors Protection Act. 
floor and supported the BornAlive Infants Protection Act. I said it was unnecessary. It simply repeated existing law. 
It has always been the law that, if an 
that is a person. If you kill that infant, you are guilty of murder or manslaughter, as the case may be. You certainly may not do so intentionally. 
did not change that. It just added superfluous language to the law. Its only purpose was to try to paint people who support the right to choose and supporters of infanticide. 
So we said, no, it is silly because it 
doesn’t add anything to the law. It simply duplicates the existing law, but we will support it so we cannot be slandered that way. 
Now we have this bill, which does essentially two things. One, it repeats, in different language, exactly the same provisions from 15 years ago. 
It doesn’t change the law that we enacted 15 years ago, and it doesn’t change the law that preexisted in every State of the Union. If you kill a child, it is murder, period. 
jail for life because he committed multiple murders. Nobody, but nobody, supports what he does and nobody, except in some of their fantasies that Mr. FRANKS says, thinks that Planned Parenthood or anybody else supports such actions. 
This bill, however, cannot be supported because it does one harmful thing. This bill says that the bornalive child must be given the same standard of care whether he is born alive in an attempted abortion or from a regular birth. 
is the law. It ought to be the law. It must be the law. It always has been the law. 
What it also does is it says that, as 
soon as the doctor has given that child the proper standard of care, he must rush him to the hospital, regardless of whether that might be good or bad for the child, regardless of the standard of care, regardless of whether the nearby hospital has neonatal intensive care units. 
associated with the doctor, under existing law, has the duty of giving the best possible medical care under any circumstances. That may be to transport the baby to the hospital. It may be that the baby is too frail to transport. 
We don’t care about the real situation that doctor faces with that infant. We know how to practice medicine in every situation—we, in Congress—so we are going to say it must be brought to the hospital even if that might kill the child. 
It is just stupid, and that is why this 
bill must be opposed, not because it changes the standard of law or has anything to do with bornalive infants, but because it mandates that a child be brought to the hospital when medical 
care might indicate that that child in that situation should not be brought to the hospital. It may kill children. That is why we must oppose this bill. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. FLEMING ). 
physician, a father and a grandfather, let me first respond and say that, in the process of a birth, an abortion, there is no way one can tell whether that child is viable until you actually apply healthsaving tools and techniques to that baby. So that argument that viability and all of that made in advance really makes no sense whatsoever. 
health care for women. The baby dies a horrifically painful and ghastly death. Her tiny hands and feet, brain, and spinal tissues are dissected and sold to the highest bidder, and her mother is agonizing over the loss of a child. 
barbaric and inhumane murder attempt? Abortionists have been known to snip babies’ spines, throw children into plastic bags, or leave the infant to die, away from a human touch and healing care. 
to the double murder attempt on a baby’s life. It will protect children, infants, who are born alive, affording these tiny patients immediate medical attention. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ). 
York. Madam Speaker, I stand in strong opposition to this punitive and intrusive bill. I am both disturbed and offended that this latest attempt to restrict women’s access to reproductive health care is based on a series of videos that have been found to be grotesquely deceptive and purposefully misleading. 
This is politics at its most manipulative, and politics should never be permitted to come between a patient and her doctor. 
legal medical care and punish millions of women by rolling back reproductive choices. It wages a kind of guerilla warfare against Roe v. Wade by threatening doctors with jail time for providing care to their patients. 
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists calls the vague requirements and drastic penalties— unnecessary requirements like going to the hospital—scare tactics that are unnecessary and wrong. 
This bill would have the Federal Government threaten doctors who do their job taking care of their patients with up to 5 years’ imprisonment. 
this bill is based on a series of unsupported allegations and it ignores the fact that there has been no evidence of wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood. In fact, five States have now conducted their own investigations into the charges against Planned Parenthood and have found that no laws have been broken. 
on misleading, badly doctored videos released by an extreme antichoice group as the basis for a slew of legislation to decrease access to care for women in this country who can least afford it. Millions of women rely on Planned Parenthood for their basic health care. 
York. There is no choice in this country which has been guaranteed by our Supreme Court without access to choice. This bill attempts to stop the access to choice by putting doctors in jail by absurd requirements. 
relationship between women and their doctors, respect their need for affordable and available health care, and vote ‘‘no’’ on this punitive and intrusive bill. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ). 
heart is heavy with this debate. My heart becomes very heavy when I hear the descriptions of this awful procedure. 
twisted logic and the distortions of people who find themselves implicitly defending this. 
will veto this because it is related to abortion services. Yet, Mr. NADLER moments ago said this has nothing to do with abortion, that everybody agrees that these babies are born and deserve the protections of the law. He says, basically, it is a sideshow. It is either one or the other, Madam Speaker, and they don’t get to argue it both ways. 
But I think we ought to be able to 
agree on this, that we are talking about people who are born, who are breathing, whose hearts are pumping, whose fingers are twitching, who have full feeling and deserve every benefit of the doubt and every protection of the law. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ), a 
emergency physician I am deeply disturbed by the provisions in this legislation. The BornAlive Infants Protection Act was signed into law in 2002. The prochoice community did not oppose it, and it passed the House by a voice vote under suspension of the rules. It was consistent with the already high medical and ethical standards within the physician community. 
This new bill, however, is unnecessary and dangerous. It criminalizes physicians who make serious and compassionate decisions based on their deep desire to do what is best for the mother, her health, and life. It creates a police state and forces healthcare staffs that do not have medical training to inform law enforcement of their nonmedical questioning of a physician’s sound judgment under the threat of prosecution and imprisonment. This also gives antichoice lawyers the ability to bully, threaten, and harm a physician’s reputation and practice. 
country. This bill is highly intrusive to the patientdoctor relationship. Let’s be clear. This is yet another attempt by antichoice bully politicians to restrict a woman’s right to choose and doctors’ ability to provide sound, compassionate, and safe care for women. It is an aggressive, bullish scare tactic that puts the relationship of the woman and her physician in jeopardy and forces politicians in the middle of decisions that they have no business being involved in. 
Obstetricians and Gynecologists and other physician groups in opposing this legislation. I stand with the women across this great country that have continued to fight for decades to defend their legal right to choose. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), a champion of 
Speaker, undercover videos by The Center for Medical Progress have again brought into sharp focus that some babies actually survive abortion. 
Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountains, says: ‘‘sometimes we get—if somebody delivers before we see them for a procedure that they are intact . . .’’ That is, Madam Speaker, born alive, breathing, crying, gasping for air. One fetal tissue broker describes in the video watching a fetus that just ‘‘fell out’’ and was left to die. 
We have a duty to protect these vulnerable children from violence, exploitation, and death. Humanitarian due diligence requires that bornalive babies be taken to a hospital to obtain care and enhance his or her prospects of survival. Abortion clinics, to the contrary, do not have neonatal intensive care units. They are not equipped to protect those children. They are in the business of killing those children— not saving them. 
Kermit Gosnell case said: ‘‘Gosnell had a simple solution for unwanted babies. He killed them.’’ He euphemistically called ‘‘snipping’’ the bornalive baby’s spinal cord ‘‘ensuring fetal demise.’’ 
survivor, told his Committee on the Judiciary she had survived a Planned Parenthood lateterm, multihour abortion because ‘‘the abortionist had not 
yet begun the work. Had he been there, he would have ended my life with strangulation, suffocation, or leaving me there to die.’’ 
Protection Act, authored by prolife champion TRENT FRANKS , simply says 
any child who survives an abortion must be given the same care as any other premature baby born at the same gestational age. This legislation builds on the landmark BornAlive Infants Protection Act of 2002, authored by STEVE CHABOT , by adding important 
abortion President, has vowed to veto this prochild, human rights legislation, a position that is extreme, antichild, inhumane, and indefensible. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ), 
the ranking member of our Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice. 
are very important bills—this bill and the next bill—to the women of this Nation and to the people in America because these are rights that are being under attack. There is this BornAlive bill, which came to the floor through the Committee on Rules, and the next bill, which stops funding of Planned Parenthood, but they are all part of the same thing. They are the same bill. They are the same message. Because what we are doing here in this Congress is messaging, and the message is the Republican Party wants to defeat Roe v. Wade. They think that that was a bad bill and that it is wrong to have legalized, in America, for women to have choice. Most of the Democrats don’t think that. 
the committee process, which is really abhorrent. In fact, yesterday, we passed a bill about new and novel ideas, saying that you get sanctions, you would be sanctioned as a lawyer, if you brought some case that was frivolous and didn’t really come through the proper procedures. 
If we had that kind of rule in Congress, these bills wouldn’t be allowed to be on the floor, because they are supposed to go through committee where the public has notice, the public has an opportunity to have a witness. The majority side has three witnesses; the minority side has one witness. There is a discussion; there are questions; there are answers; there are statements; there is thought; there is input; there is due process; there is petitioning grievances. 
due process, no regular order. These come straight to the floor because these are messaging bills for the American public. The Republican Party and parts of the Republican Party often say: We want our country back. What they want back is a country that is pre1971, before Roe v. Wade. What they want is a country that is preBrown v. 
Board of Education. What they want is a country that is preVoting Rights Act, which has been limited by the Supreme Court and which has not been renewed by this Congress, nor has it gotten a vote. What they want is a country that is free of many of the immigrants who have come to this country and made it great, particularly from South America, the Caribbean— and that country is not going to come back. 
In my State of Tennessee, the Republicans have filed a bill to declare the Supreme Court decision on samesex marriage as illegal in Tennessee, nullification dripping from their lips, as George Wallace would say, in the courthouse door. 
country back—no Hispanics, no women’s choice, no civil rights, no voting rights, Dwight D. Eisenhower’s 1950 America. And Dwight D. Eisenhower wasn’t at fault. He tried to bring us forward. 
These bills are part of that same attack on the progress that we have made in America. They have not gone through the proper process, and they are attempts to change America in a way that would affect American women adversely. This bill has a definition of abortion that is new, shouldn’t be done. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), a member of the 
years ago, a socalled doctor in Philadelphia by the name of Kermit Gosnell was killing babies—literally. He ran an abortion clinic there, and as can happen in these houses of horror, some of these innocent, unborn children were actually born alive before they could be exterminated in the womb. 
baby squirming, kicking, sometimes crying right there in front of you on the table. So what did Gosnell do? He would take a pair of scissors, plunge them into the baby, and sever his or her spinal cord. No care whatsoever about the pain involved. One of Gosnell’s employees who witnessed this barbarism described the baby’s scream as follows: ‘‘I can’t describe it. It sounded like a little alien.’’ 
human being, just like you and me, although in an earlier form of development. Gosnell, thank God, is in prison. But we have now learned that the largest abortion provider in this country, Planned Parenthood, is not only destroying the lives of little unborn children, but selling their body parts for profit. 
aborts more babies each year in this country than the population of the city of Cincinnati that I represent. That is every single year, the population of a city, Cincinnati. 
introduced a bill called the BornAlive Infants Protection Act, which was passed by the House and by the Senate and signed into law by President Bush back in 2002. It helped. The legislation before us today, introduced by Congressman TRENT FRANKS , improves 
today and protect those among us who cannot protect themselves. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to reiterate, this is a bill 
that has been introduced with virtually no process. This was introduced less than 48 hours ago, with no hearings and no expert testimony. In fact, those on the other side of the aisle are citing, as evidence, videos that have been shown to be highly edited, that are misleading and fraudulently obtained. There were 47 edits in the video that are shown. Even though Planned Parenthood doctors said 10 times that such procedures were not done for profit, that was all edited out. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. HUELSKAMP ). 
earlier this year, many of my colleagues and I stood on this floor condemning abortionist Kermit Gosnell for his barbaric murder of babies born alive during attempted abortions. Instead of providing compassionate care for these precious little babies, Gosnell muffled their cries by snipping the back of their necks with scissors, and we have people on the floor today defending that. 
violence, and no man or woman should be free to perform such heinous acts of murder. 
As an adoptive parent of four incredible children, I cannot help but think of the countless couples across America who would have given anything to care for these babies. 
This bill rightly affirms the humanity of all babies born alive, rightly affords them the full protection of the law, and punishes any abortionist who denies these infants their dignity and right to life. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
may I inquire how much time is remaining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 12
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. STUTZMAN ). Mr. STUTZMAN. Madam Speaker, 
what does it say about this Congress that today we are here on the House floor debating the killing and harvesting of aborted babies? How can there possibly be two sides to this? I don’t understand. How can we not take a step back and look at this objectively? 
mentioned that these videos were highly edited. I don’t know if they have watched the videos, but if you watch the videos, how can you say that the doctor who is pulling salad from a salad bowl and mentions that she can take the babies and crush the top and the bottom parts of the babies and harvest the body parts in between is highly edited? This is not. These are not. This information on these videos shows the barbaric activity. 
this problem. Madam Speaker, I implore that this Chamber take a step back and look at what is on these videos and the information that we have on these videos and realize that we must move forward on these two bills and stop this barbaric action. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). 
is a fundamental American value. For our Founders, life was the first right. They understood that there is an order to things that even nature teaches us. They understood and fully embraced that the first and foremost right is life because, without life, there is no liberty; without life, there is no pursuit of happiness; without life, there is no discussion of a right to privacy or a right to choose; because, without life, there is nothing to choose. 
other rights. Our Founders understood this, but somewhere along the way to where we are now, we have gone from protecting the right that is the basis of all rights to deciding that unborn children and even children born alive can have their lives taken because their organs and tissues are more valuable than they are. 
founded on the idea that life is the indispensable right, the indisputable right, could be at this place in our history when living children in their mother’s womb—and even some who have been born alive—can be killed with the callousness and cold bloodedness that none of our forefathers would have dreamed could exist in America. 
funding this barbaric practice is really about exposing the charade of the Federal Government supporting women’s health care, when in fact it is really about subsidizing the killing and mutilation of babies with taxpayers’ money. This has to stop. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. BERA), an 
Mr. BERA. Madam Speaker, as a doctor, I find these bills troubling. The oath I took is to do what is best for my patients. 
today criminalizes the practice of medicine and questions doctors’ judgments. It attempts to intimidate doctors from providing safe, evidencebased medicine and from doing our job, which is to sit with our patients, answer their questions, and give them the best medical advice and let them make the decisions that affect their lives. 
precedent where those without any medical training can dictate medical practice and make choices for patients. This definitely oversteps any legal bounds. These are choices that should be made between doctors and patients. 
we practice is overreach. It is a dramatic overreach, and it is dangerous because it sets a dangerous legislative precedent. 
system in America so great is that it is accessible to folks and that we understand and protect the doctorpatient privilege. That is at the very foundation of the oath we take when we enter the profession of medicine. 
Now, the other bill that we are voting on today also dramatically restricts access. If you think about the number of women in America who get their care from Planned Parenthood, the preventive health services that Planned Parenthood provides is remarkable. 
have used a Planned Parenthood facility. It is a remarkably effective way 
for women to get their health care— and it is not just women; many men also use Planned Parenthood. 
We should be having the exact opposite debate. We should be talking about how we can improve access to care, how we can make sure every American has access to all of their reproductive options. We should want to be talking about how we strengthen the doctor patient relationship, how we take the government out of the exam room, how we leave some of the most intimate choices to the doctor and the patient. 
entered the profession was to sit with my patients, answer their questions, but then empower them to make the choices that fit their life circumstances. That is what we should be fighting for. Those are our principles. That is who we are as Americans with those freedoms. 
we improve access to care. Let’s talk about how we strengthen the doctor patient relationship. This is about protecting people. 
it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader. 
last week, the Judiciary Committee heard testimony from people who had survived abortions. They spoke as part of the House’s ongoing investigation into the practices depicted in the horrific videos that we have all seen. 
Gianna Jessen. She told the committee that, when her biological mother was 7
Planned Parenthood, where they advised her mother to have an abortion. That is what her mother did. 
By a miracle—and despite the best efforts to end her life—Gianna was born alive; and because she was born before the abortionist had gotten into work, a nurse called an ambulance. Gianna was rushed to the hospital—and she lived— though she suffers from cerebral palsy because of the attempted abortion. 
as lucky as Gianna. The BornAlive Survivors Protection Act—that is what we are voting on today—will help save the lives of those children. It would impose criminal penalties on any medical professional who fails to give the same medical attention to children born after an abortion as they would to any other premature newborn baby. 
is born alive, it doesn’t matter how he or she was born. They are living human beings who deserve our care. 
Speaker, to talk in particular about Planned Parenthood, the organization that tried to take Gianna’s life. I think, for the purpose of this debate, it is very important to understand what this organization is. 
are just devoted to women’s health. The facts say something different. In the last year on record, they performed 327,653 abortions. That was in 1 year. Anyone who tells you that they are not in the abortion business doesn’t know that number. 
Some defend them because they provide women’s health services, but they don’t have a monopoly on women’s health. There are tens of thousands of alternatives all across the country for women, from community health centers to pregnancy health centers to maternity homes, medical clinics, and more. Community health clinics actually outnumber Planned Parenthood clinics by the thousands, and they offer the same health services to women, if not more. 
performs hundreds of thousands of abortions per year and we know that women have access to other sources for care, the question is: Should we force taxpayers to fund a business that spends its money aborting 372,653 children per year? Should we force taxpayers to fund an organization whose barbaric practices, as vividly shown in those videos, disregard and devalue the 
seen opened the eyes of America. As we struggle to understand how something so barbaric could happen in this country, we need to get all the facts. Are patients giving sufficient informed consent? Were the body parts of babies sold for profit? 
we need to answer. While we find those answers, we have a moral responsibility to put a moratorium on the funding. There is no reason the American people should be forced to give their money to such an organization. There is no reason—absolutely no reason— that we must choose between funding women’s health and compelling taxpayers to support abortion. 
every Member to ask themselves a simple question: In the face of these videos and with all the alternatives women have for health, why would you want to force your constituents to pay for something so evil? 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
reflect on what the gentleman from California was saying, recalling the testimony last week of survivors of abortion, their stories are remarkable. They show the deep appreciation that they have for their lives, and they are so grateful to have survived the attacks on their life. So many others who did not survive will never have the chance to express such gratitude. 
We also know that ultrasound technology allows us to see how unborn children grow and develop; their humanity is abundantly clear and so should be their right to life. 
Our Declaration of Independence recognizes that the right to life is inalienable. It is given by our Creator. Indeed, President Kennedy, 54 years ago, pushed back against those who would undermine this fundamental precept of our Nation when he recognized that ‘‘the same revolutionary beliefs for which our forebears fought are still at issue around the globe—the belief that the rights of man come not from the generosity of the state but from the hand of God.’’ 
care and legal protection that any other child born at the same level of gestation would receive at birth is humane and essential. It also complies with the equal protection bedrock of our country. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ), the chairman of the House Republican Policy Committee. 
Mr. MESSER. Madam Speaker, Proverbs 31:8 calls us all to speak for those who can’t speak for themselves. That is why I am here today. 
Parenthood executives are revealed casually putting a price tag on human life and haggling over the dollar value of an aborted child’s lungs, kidneys, and heart. These actions are unthinkable. 
proposal that would place an immediate 1year moratorium on all Federal funding of Planned Parenthood. It also funds women’s health by taking the halfbillion dollars that taxpayers send to Planned Parenthood every year and putting it instead in the hands of community organizations and health clinics that focus on saving lives, not ending them. 
you fall on the abortion debate, we can all agree that no unborn child should be dismembered and sold part by part. Where that is happening, let’s stop it and join together to speak for those who can’t speak for themselves. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ). 
today to urge my colleagues to reject these bills and to get to work. The U.S. Federal Government is set to shut down in a matter of days. Shouldn’t we be working together to stop a preventable crisis that will hurt our economy and tarnish our Nation’s image? It is our job. That is what we are here to do. 
based on a false premise. I am not talking about some debunked and discredited viral videos on the Internet, nor am I talking about the lie that defunding Planned Parenthood will prevent Federal dollars from funding abortion. 
As many of my colleagues have already pointed out, our laws have long prohibited Federal dollars from being used to pay for abortion. 
Speaker, is the 28 men who wrote Speaker BOEHNER this summer demanding—demanding—that we either defund Planned Parenthood or stop funding the Federal Government: 28 men who, I guarantee you, have never relied on just one health provider in their community to get a Pap smear; 28 men who, I guarantee you, have never had to end a sentence about their educational goals or their financial or career aspirations with the phrase, ‘‘unless I get pregnant’’; 28 men who hatched this plan to deny basic health care to millions of women—millions of women, I might add, that have been marginalized by this Congress. Their voices are not being heard today nor are they being represented, not in these bills. 
rather let 28 men set the agenda for this entire House than seek out bipartisan support needed to fund education programs, health care, veterans programs, and services for our seniors. That is what we should be doing. 
access to health care that has nothing—absolutely nothing—to do with abortion unless, Madam Speaker, I should say that we are talking about the more than 350,000 abortions that Planned Parenthood prevents every year by providing contraception and health care and education. 
don’t recognize the reproductive rights of women. I understand that is their view. I, Madam Speaker, recognize that women have those rights, and I urge my colleagues to reject these bills. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). 
must pass this bill today, the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. 
we are hearing from the other side of the aisle have watched them all. How can they make a recommendation or an appraisal? 
They show senior Planned Parenthood officials, former employees, and a tissue procurement company discussing the sale of ‘‘intact’’ unborn baby parts. This is disgusting. It is inhumane. 
stand up and say this will not be tolerated is a society that is in grave danger. 
procedure is the most vulnerable living human being on Earth, and they should be granted full legal protections. Medical practitioners who fail to provide necessary care for that baby must be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, and this bill does just that. 
While it is so sad that an act of Congress is required to ensure such compassionate care, we must do all we can to provide for the safety of babies that are born alive as a result of failed abortion procedures. It is absolutely necessary that we end this inhumane practice today. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ). 
rise in support today of the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. I would like to thank the chairman and Mr. FRANKS for their leadership on this 
mother chose life, and I was adopted as a newborn. When a baby is born alive after an 
abortion, healthcare professionals only have seconds to react. These children deserve the same level of commitment and care as a child facing any other medical emergency. 
This bill holds healthcare professionals accountable for making the health and wellbeing of a baby who survives an abortion their first priority and for making every effort to provide the resources needed to keep that child alive. 
about saving lives. We all talk about giving voice to the most vulnerable children in our communities and to the elderly with disabilities. Who is more vulnerable than a child whose life begins just as someone tries to end it? 
and I believe every child should receive that same gift. 
strategy the other side wants to portray and that doesn’t pay any attention to the man behind the curtain. This is about the true sense of protecting life. 
may I inquire how much time is remaining on each side? 
has 51⁄2minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from California has 7 minutes remaining. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ). 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speaker, my wife and I are adoptive parents. We have a family only because two women in very difficult situations chose life. So this issue of protecting the unborn is dear to me and my family, which is why, whether you are pro choice or strongly prolife, as I am, I think Americans can agree, we should never use taxpayer dollars to fund these abortions, and we should never use taxpayer dollars to reward organizations that harvest the unborn lives or tissues for profit or compensation. These are gruesome practices. 
Planned Parenthood or others, and to begin to seek criminal penalties against those who profited from the sale of body parts of unborn children. This is the true human rights issue of our time, and those who defend this funding or these gruesome practices are on the wrong side of history. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). 
Speaker, I do thank the distinguished gentleman for yielding and, again, I want to thank Chairman BOBGOODLATTE for doing such an extraordinarily effective job as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, a true human rights champion and a man who really understands these issues. 
Jessen and another abortion survivor underscores the fact that there are abortion survivors. I remember, years ago, there was a Philadelphia Inquirer article, called, ‘‘The Dreaded Complication,’’ and it was all about all of the children who survived laterterm abortions. 
of the abortion lobby was? We need a better death ensuring method of abortion, a more effective and efficacious method, to destroy those babies. That was part of the genesis of the hideous partialbirth abortion method—a method that actually suctions out the brain tissue of a child before birth, thus ensuring there won’t be a child born alive. 
side were talking earlier about the relationship between doctor and patient. What about the new patient, that unborn child who is now a newly born child? Where is the doctorpatient relationship to help that child? 
of exterminating children through dismemberment and chemical poisoning. That is what abortionists do. Getting this child to a hospital ensures that lifesaving care will be provided. Healers have a mindset that says we need to save these children, the means to do so, including intensive care capability. Abortionists believe abortion means dead baby—born or newly born. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE). 
heavy heart. Having spent over 30 years as a practicing OB/GYN physician, delivering almost 5,000 babies and trying to save every life of every mother and every baby, I don’t see why this is not something that brings us all together. 
choice, if a baby survives an abortion, we should do everything we can to save that baby’s life and to give it the same chance that everybody else has. 
it is an emotional issue for me. I cannot imagine, as a physician, standing beside a baby that has been delivered— no one in this room can; I don’t believe there is another person in this room that has done what I have—and not try to save that baby’s life. 
pass overwhelmingly, and it should be the law of the land. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
have just one speaker remaining, and I believe I have the right to close. 
Speaker, I have one speaker remaining, and then I will be prepared to close. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me. 
that there is the implication in the testimony and in the speeches that are made here that the other side of the aisle is somehow more concerned about the life of a child born alive, that somehow Democrats just don’t care about that, and I just want to tell you I resent that so very, very much. 
that life. And if, in fact, a baby is born into this world and can survive and is alive, it is considered homicide to kill that baby. There are laws. There are laws that would protect the life of an infant, a real child that is born that can sustain life. 
making this division about people who really care about a living person that is born is just false. And I think I am speaking for all people, for all Democrats and, clearly, for all Republicans, that we need to make sure that we protect that life. But I believe that we have every law in place. 
create fear among physicians, healers, people who are educated and committed to health and life, and put fear into them that if they don’t provide for the exact procedures that you are talking about, that they could spend 5 years in jail for providing the healthcare services that a woman needs. That is, I believe, part of this ongoing effort to say that we should end the full range of health services that are available to women. This is a further attack on women’s health. 
should be, and let’s not get into this ongoing fight against women’s health. 
women’s health and limits women’s access to abortion. It interferes with the sacred doctorpatient relationship and substitutes a physician’s best judgment with the judgment of a handful of politicians—and, in fact, male politicians. I would note that not a single woman on the other side of the aisle has spoken on this bill. 
fail to provide care to an infant born alive. There was a bill passed 13 years ago, the BornAlive Infants Protection Act, and that bill was not intended to affect abortion practices or a woman’s right to choose. In fact, that is why Judiciary Committee Democrats voted to support it. 
abortion providers. This bill is so broad and the penalties are so severe—up to 5 
years in prison—that one can only conclude that the real purpose of this bill is to intimidate abortion providers out of practice. 
This bill requires doctors and employees of hospitals and clinics that provide abortion services to report any violation of the bill’s standard of care to State or Federal law enforcement authorities, and any person—remember, we are talking doctors, cleaning crew, receptionists—that fails to comply with these requirements is threatened with fines and up to 5 years in prison. 
the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists oppose this bill and says: ‘‘This legislation represents gross interference in the practice of medicine, inserting a politician between a woman and her trusted doctor.’’ 
doctors. We should be concerned about doing our jobs and fully fund highquality women’s health care instead of trying to keep doctors from doing theirs. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this dangerous bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the House majority whip for 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act offered by my friend and colleague from Arizona, TRENT FRANKS . 
standing up for the sanctity of life. Specifically, this bill deals with babies that are born alive. 
Whether it was the result of an abortion or a normal birth, all people in this country deserve that same protection. Madam Speaker, why should a baby that is born alive be denied that same right? 
Our Founding Fathers, in the Declaration of Independence, made it crystal clear: ‘‘We hold these truths to be selfevident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.’’ 
unalienable right mentioned by our Founders—and these were not rights given to us by our Founders; they were given to us by our Creator—that first right is life. 
If a baby is born alive, they ought to 
have that protection. That is what this bill is about. It is about giving that protection that is enumerated in the Constitution and in the Declaration of Independence itself to say they ought to have that protection in law, that if they are born alive, that they ought to have that same medical protection. 
the President come out yesterday and say that he would veto this bill, how 
extreme can somebody be to say they would not stand up for a baby that is born alive to have the same protection that the Declaration of Independence enumerates as an ‘‘unalienable right’’? 
all come together, a place where we can all agree that we, as a House, can come together and stand up and give that protection in law to those babies that are born alive. 
I would hope that all of my colleagues would join in, that we could send this bill over to the Senate, that they can have the same debate and agree to pass that on, and that, ultimately, the President would recognize that this is a bill that ought to become law. 
strong opposition to H.R. 3504, the ‘‘Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act.’’ 
not about protecting children born alive. Its real intent is to further undermine a woman’s right to choose, a right that has been constitutionally guaranteed for more than 42 years by Roe v. Wade. 
level of intrusion by the government into medical decision making. 
It also completely fails to distinguish between a viable and a nonviable fetus, which is the constitutional line that separates abortions that may be performed without restriction from those that may be regulated or prohibited. 
bill’s draconian criminal penalties, will effectively intimidate doctors, thereby making abortion services unavailable as a practical matter. 
this legislation. No evidence has been uncovered that necessitates congressional interference in the doctorpatient relationship. 
federal and state laws already protect babies ‘‘born alive.’’ 
humane and any evidence of wrongdoing can and should be handled under existing law. For example, the criminal Kermit Gosnell, who ran an illegal abortion front in Philadelphia, was prosecuted under existing law and is rightfully in prison serving multiple life sentences. 
In sum, the bill’s vague and broad mandates, combined with its severe penalties, will undermine the ability of women to access safe affordable abortion services, which unfortunately appears to be the underlying intent of this flawed legislation. 
Administration Policy, warns ‘‘H.R. 3504 would impose new legal requirements related to the provision of abortion services in certain circumstances, which would likely have a chilling effect, reducing access to care.’’ 
Planned Parenthood, which states that H.R. 3504 would ‘‘add new criminal penalties against doctors and clinicians as a scare tactic that serves the sole purpose of scaring women away from seeking safe, legal, abortion.’’ 
Further, NARAL ProChoice America correctly observes that H.R. 3504 is ‘‘part of an unprecedented assault on reproductive rights.’’ 
And, the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists explains that this ‘‘legislation represents gross interference in the practice of medicine, inserting a politician in between a woman and her trusted doctor.’’ 
in opposing H.R. 3504, an antichoice, anti woman, and thoroughly unnecessary measure. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
pursuant to House Resolution 421, I call up the bill (H.R. 3134) to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 421, the amendment printed in House Report 114–262 is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
community health centers, hospitals, physicians offices, and other entities currently provide, and will continue to provide, health services to women. Such health services include relevant diagnostic laboratory and radiology services, wellchild care, prenatal and postpartum care, immunization, family planning services (including contraception), cervical and breast cancer screenings and referrals, and sexually transmitted disease testing. 
all persons, regardless of the person’s ability to pay, and provide services in medically underserved areas and to medically underserved populations. 
Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. and its affiliates and clinics pursuant to this Act will continue to be made available to other eligible entities to provide women’s 
a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a lifeendangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself. 
reduce overall Federal funding available in support of women’s health. 
shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce or their designee. 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C ASTOR ) each 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3134. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Tennessee? 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 3134, 
the images of Kermit Gosnell killing babies who were born alive after a botched abortion. 
and we know that they have renewed the demand for accountability from the American people. That is why we come before you today with H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 
practices that we have seen in videos, videos that have come out of Planned Parenthood abortion clinics of harvesting the body parts of babies as part of the abortion process, have raised serious questions about the possible systematic and repeated violation of State and Federal laws. 
H.R. 3134 provides a 1year moratorium, a freezing—a freezing—on the Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America and all of its affiliates while investigations are ongoing regarding the practices of the abortion industry. 
that is common sense. If there is reason to investigate, then there is reason to withhold taxpayer dollars during that period of time. Those dollars would be given to other facilities that provide women’s health services. 
very clear for a long time that they do not want taxpayer money spent on abortion; 68 percent of Americans oppose it. What is so interesting to me is that we know that 71 percent of all millennials oppose this. 
Madam Speaker, there is no difference between men and women on this. There is bipartisan opposition from men and women to this practice. Additionally, the majority of Americans are opposed to the sale of body parts of babies obtained after abortion. 
videos or women’s health access. We know there are other ways to get that access. It is about our most basic right. It is about the right to life. 
It is also about doing what the taxpayers sent us to D.C. to do. It is also about continuing the process to protect our most vulnerable citizens, innocent little babies. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the ‘‘Deny Women Health Care Act.’’ 
Madam Speaker, congressional approval ratings are at an alltime low, and here is another example of why: 
to fulfill their fundamental responsibility to our great Nation again. 
the brink of another government shutdown, and we are a mere 5 legislative days away. 
to sit down and negotiate a bipartisan appropriations plan despite the urging of Democrats, business leaders, military servicemembers, and citizens all across America. 
an attempt by Republican leaders to distract the American public from their failure to do their job. 
Congress to sit down and hammer out an appropriations plan. They refused. 
the end of July. Nothing happened in August. Nothing has happened since the Congress has returned after Labor Day. 
this House will have very serious consequences for our neighbors back home. 
thousands of disabled veterans, disadvantaged children, small businesses, working families, and taxpayers. 
the government for 16 days, the economy lost $24 billion and 120,000 private sector jobs. 
Here is what happened: The Republican shutdown stalled veterans disability claims, creating additional needless delays for our heroes seeking help. 
Hundreds of critically sick Americans were prevented from enrolling in the NIH clinical trials, with 98 percent of the National Science Foundation, nearly threequarters of NIH, and two thirds of CDC employees furloughed. 
Head Start grantees, serving thousands of children, were forced to close. American entrepreneurs and small businesses were cut off from millions of dollars in SBA loans. 
contracts faced abrupt payment delays and cutbacks. Almost $4 billion in IRS refunds were delayed. 
dysfunction and inability to govern are having real impacts on hardworking Americans. The American people are tired of their relentless failure to govern and the culture of crisis. 
chosen to put their radical special interest agenda ahead of the priorities of hardworking Americans. 
especially in this case, because the Deny Women Health Care Act is a cynical attack on the ability of women across America to receive the health services that they need at trusted Planned Parenthood clinics. 
these personal issues. That is why the Republicans advance this bill on this topic. They know it is sure to inflame passions. But to date, despite congressional inquiries into these false videotapes, there has been no wrongdoing uncovered whatsoever, no evidence to substantiate the allegations. What has emerged since the false videos were posted on YouTube is a coordinated, 
broadbased smear campaign based upon false, manufactured videos that are full of distortions and misinformation. 
long list of Republican assaults on women’s health care over the last two decades because simply defunding Planned Parenthood would leave millions of American women without key preventative services, including birth control, family planning, lifesaving cancer screenings, testing and treatment of infections, wellwomen exams, and advice on family planning. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
I was beginning to think that we were off on a different bill there for just a moment. 
about a government shutdown. We are on a bill that will make certain that women have access to health care, H.R. 3134. I will remind my colleagues that it does remove the funds from Planned Parenthood, and it does enable them to go to women’s health clinics. 
the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ), who is the author of this legislation and has been such an advocate for addressing women’s healthcare needs. 
nurse for more than 40 years and a believer in the Godgiven purpose of every human being, I am passionately prolife. But do you know what? You don’t have to agree with me to support this bill. No matter our views on abortion or the party label beside our name, we should all have an interest in ensuring that laws are followed and that the taxpayer dollars are spent responsibly. If a law is broken, particularly by those receiving government money, that should be remedied. That is not a political statement. That, quite literally, is our job here in Congress. 
series of undercover videos were released implicating Planned Parenthood in the illegal trafficking of aborted baby tissue and organs. Now, some of my colleagues have tried to dismiss these videos even without ever watching them. I get it. It is easier to try to discredit the source than to defend what is happening on these tapes. 
these videos, and I saw full conversations of Planned Parenthood employees in their own words discussing potentially lawbreaking activities. Congressional investigations are underway, but there are more than enough lingering questions to stop the flow of money— taxpayer dollars—to this abortion giant until our work is complete. 
the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015. This legislation enacts a 1year moratorium on all Federal money 
going to Planned Parenthood. It does not reduce women’s health funding by a single dime. As a matter of fact, we actually increase women’s healthcare funding by over $200 million. Instead, this legislation reallocates the funding to more than 13,500 facilities nationwide that provide true preventative care to those who need it the most, and they do not perform abortions. 
can get their money back. Read the bill. They can get their money back if they fully commit to what they talk about in doing women’s health care and stop performing abortions for this year. 
a possibility that Planned Parenthood violated our laws, as I believe they did, then prolife and prochoice Members of Congress alike must act to reallocate the funds now so that we are not trying to chase down the taxpayer dollars that already went out the door later on. This is ensuring that our laws are followed, that Americans know how their money is being spent, and that the conscience rights of taxpayers are respected. 
Speaker, I will reiterate again, there is no evidence whatsoever of any wrongdoing, and I maintain that this is a distraction from the Republican’s fundamental failure to pass a budget 5 legislative days before a government shutdown. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), the ranking 
listened to the previous Republican speaker, and the deception that she poses to this Congress is unbelievable in my opinion. 
videos which we know have been misleading—edited, all kinds of changes have been made to them. The accuracy of them is totally unacceptable. They are not accurate. Then she says, well, just because they may be accurate that we should pass this bill defunding Planned Parenthood. 
the business of saying, well, before we decided whether you have actually broken the law and before we have any evidence that you have done so, we are just going to shut you down? That is not the way we operate. That is not 
that somehow this money is going to be given to other providers. I think she is probably talking about community health centers. Well, I will tell you, from my own experience with community health centers, that they don’t have the ability to provide the women’s health needs that are being proposed here that are actually provided 
going to happen. Those women are going to be deprived of health care. 
So let’s not continue with this deception about what is actually going on here. The Republicans just want to shut the government down if we don’t defund Planned Parenthood. That is what they are all about. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ), a member of 
the Energy and Commerce Committee and vice chair of the Health Subcommittee. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3134. 
This bill would defund Planned Parenthood and its clinics for 1 full year. This summer, a series of disturbing videos shined a light on the gruesome practice being done in clinics across the country. No one has ever disputed that the employees of Planned Parenthood said what they said in the video. These videos have shocked and appalled countless Americans. 
to an agency that is involved in such a horrific and disturbing practice. I have voted in the past to defund Planned Parenthood, and I will do so again today. 
gift, and I firmly believe we should do all we can to advance and support it. Today, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to stop Planned Parenthood from continuing these practices. 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). 
in opposition to this bill. We are here because some have again chosen to reignite the same tired battles of years past—and bring our government to the brink of shutdown—to restrict women’s control over their own health and bodies. I should not be deciding what is best for a woman’s health. She should, and her doctor should. 
That we are even having this debate—based on contrived, unsubstantiated allegations—about an organization that provides critical care to more than 2 million Americans is not only outrageous, it is downright irresponsible. 
More than half of Planned Parenthood centers are in rural or medically underserved areas where access to health care is already too limited. Yet my colleagues want to make it even harder for women and men there to access HIV and STI tests, breast cancer screenings, cervical cancer screenings, and other lifesaving services. 
Madam Speaker, this attempt to demonize Planned Parenthood is disgraceful. 
that Federal insurance coverage of abortion is already restricted, so to defund Planned Parenthood is to defund the preventative services that 
keep our constituents healthy. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
on the bill, we are talking about being certain that there is access to health care. Cancer screenings and prevention services from Planned Parenthood have been cut in half over the past 7 years. They do not perform mammograms. They perform over 300,000 abortions annually. 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), the vice chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
rise today in support of the Defund Planned Parenthood Act, a bill I am proud to cosponsor. 
Commerce Committee continues its investigation into the troubling Planned Parenthood videos, it is crucial we do everything in our power to protect human life and hold organizations such as Planned Parenthood accountable. 
With this legislation, we have the opportunity to both save lives and respect the rights of the American people. Taxpayers should not be forced to financially support organizations whose behavior is at best unethical and possibly illegal. 
Parenthood, the issue should not be partisan. This is about protecting the rights of taxpayers, but also, more importantly, protecting the basic right of human life. 
give a voice to our most fragile Americans who cannot speak for themselves. I thank Representative BLACK for her 
efforts on this important piece of legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ). 
Planned Parenthood provides basic health services to millions of Americans: Pap smears, breast cancer screenings, family planning, and birth control. In fact, there were over 4 million visits to Planned Parenthood clinics last year, and over 90 percent of this was basic women’s health care and not abortions. 
Planned Parenthood does these services and no Federal funds are spent on abortion services that Planned Parenthood does provide, but yet the majority will take the radical step of denying women the basic health care they need. This radical agenda is wrong. It is wrong for American women, and it is wrong for us when the Federal budget expires in just 13 days. Madam Speaker, I, too, have reviewed the videotapes. Our committee reviewed the videotapes, and, as Ms. CASTOR said—and it bears repeating— 
no wrongdoing was shown. There are no criminal charges. There are no charges at all that are pending whatsoever against Planned Parenthood. 
Madam Speaker, yesterday in the Energy and Commerce Committee, my 
Republican colleagues in their radical effort went so far as to show a photo of a stillborn baby, implying that that baby was a fetus being used for fetal tissue development. What is worse, that photo was shown without the woman’s consent. It had no relation to Planned Parenthood. It was used without the mother’s consent. 
What I want to know from the majority: Is this the evidence that you are using to decide that you are going to deny funding for Planned Parenthood and all the wellwomen visits women use? 
ought to be ashamed of showing this, and my colleagues ought to be ashamed of putting this bill on the floor today. We are seeing shamelessness right here on the floor today. 
trying to do everything they can to insert themselves between American women and their right to make their own healthcare decisions. It is wrong, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this legislation. 
I will never be ashamed of standing up and defending life—ever—and I find it so interesting that our efforts to protect life are termed ‘‘radical.’’ That is an interesting turn of events, if I say so myself. 
the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ), a member of the Energy and 
all due respect, a radical agenda is protecting an organization that dismembers body parts and sells them for profit. 
only Member of this body to have operated on babies as young as 23 weeks’ gestation. In fact, the smallest baby I operated on weighed only 650 grams. 
caring for patients regardless of their situations. So I take access to health care very seriously. 
other side, most of whom have never spent a day caring for patients, continue to mislead the American people about the facts of Planned Parenthood. 
Planned Parenthood only treats 2 percent of the Nation’s women for any reason. 
women some of the most basic primary care. It doesn’t provide services like mammograms, cardiovascular blood tests, or bone mass measurements. 
Over the past 10 years, Planned Parenthood cut cancer screenings by half while it increased abortion services by 40 percent. 
federally qualified or rural health centers that can provide basic health services compared to only 700 Planned Parenthood facilities that really don’t provide these services at all. 
not be forced to fund this organization when we have so many other alternatives. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ). 
the previous speaker said something completely false. Planned Parenthood does not sell fetal tissue. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I object. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Illinois will suspend. 
a complete falsehood was just stated. Planned Parenthood does not sell any body parts for profit. That is a fact. 
threatening to shut down the government in order to deny women access to health care. When the Republicans took control of the House in 2011, the first thing they did was nearly shut down the government over funding for Planned Parenthood, and 4 years later, Republicans are once again seriously considering shutting down the government over the exact same thing. 
witch hunt based on heavily edited videos that were clearly intended to mislead the public and the Congress. They have wasted time and resources on futile investigations that have produced absolutely no evidence of wrongdoing on behalf of Planned Parenthood. In contrast, there is growing evidence that The Center for Medical Progress broke several laws. 
I recently sent a letter to the Department of Justice and to the California Attorney General, asking them to investigate the practices of this organization. 
identification that was used to gain access to Planned Parenthood facilities, fraudulent tax documents that were filed to create a fake corporate entity, and violations of California’s Invasion of Privacy Act. 
General has initiated an investigation. There are also several legal actions pending against The Center for Medical Progress. 
Enough is enough. I urge my colleagues to oppose this harmful bill for women’s health. 
to shut down the government to deny women access to health care. 
House in 2011, the first thing they did was nearly shut down the government over funding 
again seriously considering shutting down the government over the exact same thing. 
hunt based on heavily edited videos that were clearly intended to misled the public and Congress. 
investigations that have produced absolutely no evidence of wrongdoing on behalf of Planned Parenthood. 
I recently sent a letter to the Department of 
Justice and the California Attorney General asking them to investigate the potentially illegal practices of this organization. 
My letter raises concerns about fake identification that was used to gain access to Planned Parenthood facilities, fraudulent tax documents that were filed to create a fake corporate entity, and violations of California’s Invasion of Privacy Act. 
an investigation. There are also several legal actions pending against the Center for Medical Progress. 
really interested in the truth here. This entire charade is a thinly veiled attempt to erode a woman’s ability to make decisions about her own body. 
Their budget eliminated Title X, the only federal grant program dedicated to providing women with family planning services, and cuts the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program by over 80 percent—programs that would reduce the need for abortion. 
are fair game. They can’t even pass a continuing resolution without interfering in the personal lives of American women. 
they try every other way possible to erode this fundamental right. 
They try to cut off funding to the clinics that 
provide abortions, they try to criminalize doctors who perform abortions, and they restrict access for millions of women every year through the Hyde Amendment. 
Enough is enough. I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this terrible bill and to stop interfering in the personal lives of American women. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ), a 
member of the Energy and Commerce Committee and the chairman of the Republican Women’s Policy Committee. 
thank the gentlewoman from Tennessee for holding this important discussion today. 
committee and staff of Energy and Commerce for their hard work. 
and I proposed an amendment to be included within that bill, which redirects $235 million to health centers across this country. I am a nurse, and my husband is a 
general surgeon. One of our favorite places in the world is our back porch in Dunn, North Carolina, where we sip scuppernong wine and have a wonderful time, and we discuss good health care in this country. Let me tell you and the American people that Planned Parenthood is not good health care. 
shows that the 13,000 federally qualified healthcare centers in this country provide comprehensive health care for women. 
You can see this chart is just a mere 
example of 17 provided basic healthcare services for women to Planned Parenthood’s 6. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
and what women in this country have been told is a false choice for American women from Planned Parenthood. 
Planned Parenthood facility is defunded, thousands of women and children who are in need will go without health care. 
follows in Dunn, North Carolina, it basically says, if there are 18 grocery stores and 1 closes its doors, thousands of families, including my own, will starve. 
support everything we can in this country for good women’s health care. This chart provides the actual truth— the truth. Good health care takes care of the whole woman, not just parts. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has established that not all services currently provided by Planned Parenthood could be furnished by other health clinics and medical practitioners if Planned Parenthood were defunded. 
A George Washington University professor confirmed this in a column this week. The reason is that so many of the services provided relate to gynecological services and personal female healthcare needs. 
be born to women on Medicaid. That is nearly half of all of the births in this country. 
the Medicaid providers in our country are not accepting new patients. That leaves hundreds of thousands of expectant mothers without access to essential prenatal care and treatment, and 
Beyond just prenatal care, they provide lifesaving cancer screenings, STD tests, and compassionate counseling to millions of women, men, and families who often have nowhere else to turn for their basic health needs. 
Planned Parenthood serves have incomes at or below 150 percent of the poverty line. 
waiting rooms at Planned Parenthood centers across the Nation at this very moment who are facing some of the most emotional decisions and challenging tests of their entire lives. 
will treat them won’t just tend to their immediate medical needs. They will make sure that the patient knows that he or she is not alone. 
our backs on those patients. We are telling lowincome families in every corner of this country that we count their health and happiness less. 
women who received a pregnancyrelated service at Planned Parenthood, that service was an abortion. 
North Dakotans affirm life every day through strong, stable family structures and a culture that values life and that, frankly, values ending the circumstances that cause a woman to believe that her best option is an abortion. 
thousands of women who need healthcare services, but we don’t have a Planned Parenthood clinic because North Dakota women somehow don’t meet its business model. 
providers offering more comprehensive services across my State. This map shows the localities of 71 federally qualified health centers that provide quality care to underserved and lowincome women in rural and urban communities throughout my State. 
doors of these clinics are treated as valued community members, not as a fee for service and certainly not as a $45 specimen. 
This Congress and its relevant committees must complete a thorough investigation of the disturbing accusations evidenced—yes, evidenced—in the Planned Parenthood videos that we all have seen before another taxpayer dollar goes to this controversial organization. These funds can be better used to provide legitimate health services for women in places like North Dakota. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M ATSUI). 
in strong opposition to this bill, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act, but we should call it the ‘‘Depriving Women of their Health Care Act.’’ 
attack on millions of American women. This bill is a step backward for our Nation’s healthcare system. 
deprive American women and their families of access to preventative services like cancer screenings and access to contraception and to prenatal counseling that helps women maintain healthy pregnancies. 
Republican colleagues continue this relentless attack on the autonomy of women. We have seen it countless times before: Congress telling this country that a politician’s judgment is superior to that of an American woman’s. 
that now Republicans are willing to shut down our government and put our economy at risk in order to deny women access to the healthcare providers of their choosing. 
to substitute their judgment for a woman’s right to make decisions about her own body. 
take away healthcare options for low income women because of a difference in beliefs over just 3 percent of the many vital services that Planned Parenthood provides. 
on the real issues facing American women and their families. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the chairman 
show and expose Planned Parenthood directors cheerfully talking about dismemberment and crushing babies to death all while altering abortion methods in a way that preserves organs and body parts for sale. 
Watch the videos. One senior director who talks about 
preserving a liver says they use ultrasound guidance because that is where they will know where to put the forceps. Of course, forceps are used to literally rip the child to pieces in what is called a dismemberment abortion. 
talks about getting brain tissue. She said her supervisor ‘‘gave me the scissors and told me that I had to cut down the middle of the face. I can’t even describe,’’ she says, ‘‘what that feels like.’’ 
side have said that there is no evidence. Watch the videos. There is ample evidence. I would suggest and I would ask Congresswoman CASTOR to join us in a letter that asks the Attorney General of the United States to investigate this. Will you? 
I yield to the gentlewoman. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, the repeated reference to these false videos is a true disservice to this Congress and to the people all across America. These false claims against Planned Parenthood have been widely discredited. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
these false videos do a real disservice to this Congress and to people all across America. The false claims against Planned Parenthood have been widely discredited. 
The videos that so many have referenced are heavily edited. They have edited content out, and they have edited false images in. 
this smear campaign do so to further their personal agendas to the detriment of women’s health care across America. 
videos were released in July is a coordinated smear campaign against trusted Planned Parenthood clinics. Let me give you some evidence directly from my home State of Florida. 
of wrongdoing, Florida Republican Governor Rick Scott ordered investigations of Planned Parenthood clinics. It had all the trappings of a witch hunt. 
Health Care Administration had determined and written a draft press release that said: ‘‘However, there is no evidence of the mishandling of fetal remains at any of the 16 clinics we investigated across the State.’’ 
That didn’t fit Governor Scott’s political narrative, so his office scrubbed the press release of that language. 
I submit for the RECORD a copy of the 
press release that was drafted by the Agency for Health Care Administration for Florida before Governor Scott’s office scrubbed the language on the finding. 
record keeping of fetal remains at one clinic and unlicensed procedures being performed at three clinics 
week into Planned Parenthood clinics found three facilities performing procedures beyond their licensing authority, as well as one facility not keeping proper logs relating to fetal remains. However, there is no evidence of the mishandling of fetal remains at any of the 16 clinics we investigated across the state. 
record keeping of fetal remains at one clinic and unlicensed procedures being performed at three clinics 
week into Planned Parenthood clinics found three facilities performing procedures beyond their licensing authority, as well as one facility not keeping proper logs relating to fetal remains. 
press secretary for the agency said: ‘‘I would have thought a line on no handling of fetal remains would be included, as that is what questions will be on.’’ 
scrubbed press release. Apparently, these had to go to the Governor’s office to be purified and sanctified. 
that the communications director for the Florida Agency for Health Care Administration resigned. This is another example of the coordinated smear campaign based upon the false videos that have captured attention. They are outrageous, but they are false, and they have been proven to be false. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
We are hearing words such as ‘‘denied,’’ ‘‘deprived,’’ ‘‘detriment’’ to women’s healthcare. We are increasing women’s health care. Tennessee has four Planned Parenthood clinics and 26 federally qualified health clinics. 
the investigation is ongoing. It is ongoing. It started yesterday at Energy and Commerce. We will continue through this to get to the bottom of it. 
life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness, as a people, we have no more sacred values; and the right to life is foremost among these. 
Recently, shocking, appalling, horrific videos have come to light that show senior employees at Planned Parenthood casually discussing the harvesting and selling of organs of aborted children in ways to alter their procedures in order to ‘‘obtain intact fetal cadavers,’’ which they refer to as ‘‘line items.’’ 
we see one of these socalled intact fetal cadavers with its heart still beating. Madam Speaker, its heart was still beating. 
Madam Speaker, whether one considers themselves prolife or pro choice, can we not agree that the harvesting and trafficking of baby organs violates the sanctity with which every child created in the image of God is entitled to? How can a fair, civilized, and compassionate society come to any other conclusion? 
with my colleagues to speak up for the voiceless and the defenseless by voting to deny Planned Parenthood further taxpayer subsidies for the harvesting of baby body parts. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ). 
today in staunch opposition to this dangerous bill. Planned Parenthood provides exactly the types of interventions that prevent unintended pregnancies and the need for an abortion in the first place, like birth control options and medically accurate sexual health education. 
If this bill becomes law, these important services Planned Parenthood brings to our communities will disappear, and the health of our communities will pay the price. 
Planned Parenthood would be done by other healthcare providers, mostly community health centers, and while that might sound like an easy shift, it doesn’t work that way. 
from the California Primary Care Association. In it, they write: ‘‘Eliminating Planned Parenthood from our State’s comprehensive network of care would put untenable stress on remaining providers. We do not have the capacity for such an increase in care.’’ 
health centers that the majority expects to pick up the slack if Planned Parenthood is defunded. It would be untenable. 
putting their heads in the sand. They think it is no big deal to shut down hundreds of clinics offering essential services that are not available anywhere else. They think it is worth shutting down the government to achieve this goal. This political theater has to stop. 
healthcare providers to make their own medical decisions. It is not the government’s business. 
DEAR CONGRESSWOMAN CAPPS : The California Primary Care Association has recently become aware of new legislation, H.R. 3134 combined with the Ellmers amendment, by Congresswoman Diane Black that would redirect federal funding from Planned Parenthood to federally qualified health centers. The purported goal of such legislation is to prevent a decrease in federal funding for 
women’s health services, while putting a moratorium on Planned Parenthood as a healthcare provider for a year while Congress conducts a full investigation of the organization’s activities. 
As the statewide representatives of community clinics and health centers in California, who serve 5.6 million patients annually, we believe this action would negatively impact the health of our community. 
health centers in California and serves nearly 800,000 patients through 1.5 million encounters annually. Eliminating Planned Parenthood from our state’s comprehensive network of care would put untenable stress on remaining health centers. We do not have the capacity for such an increase in care, even for a year, and should Congress seek to extend the moratorium building such capacity would require significant capital investment on par with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act expansion. 
eliminate patient’s ability to choose the provider with which they feel most comfortable. Planned Parenthood is seen by many as women’s health centric, which provides their patients with a level of comfort that cannot be easily replicated. The women’s health focus allows them to be a provider of choice to hundreds of thousands of women who seek out a variety of services that include well woman exams, breast exams, birth control and sexually transmitted disease testing. 
In 2013 alone, Planned Parenthood conducted 733,641 tests for Chlamydia—the leading cause of preventable infertility—that resulted in 37,014 positive results and followup treatment. 
of the health care system in California and for that reason, we are opposed to legislation that will diminish their capacity to provide care in our state. We respectfully request that you oppose this legislation. 
to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ), who chairs the Subcommittee on Human Resources at Ways and Means. 
a newly minted physician fresh out of medical school, I took an oath to protect life. As a cardiovascular surgeon, I worked day and night performing thousands of cardiovascular operations on premature infants, all the way up to the elderly. Now, in Congress, I intend to uphold that oath that I took to save life. 
recently released in the undercover videos of top Planned Parenthood executives detailing the methods they employ to harvest tissues and organs during abortions performed at these clinics is nothing short of atrocious. 
July, I joined my prolife colleagues to call immediately for thorough investigations into this activity, and now, these investigations are underway. The American people deserve and they need to know the truth. While these investigations are ongoing, it is important that we take action to prevent taxpayer dollars from going to this type of activity. 
end funding for Planned Parenthood and am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill. It is a very important bill. 
culture of life in this country, and let’s vote in favor of this bill. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S PEIER ). 
Planned Parenthood provides 865,000 pap smears and breast exams a year. That is more than the entire population of States like Wyoming, South Dakota, North Dakota. 
the other side of the aisle, to Colleen from Albany, New York, who is 27 years old. I want you to look into her eyes, and I want you to tell me that you would rather see her dead because Colleen went to Planned Parenthood because she was in between jobs and sought health care. 
Planned Parenthood. She had stage II breast cancer, and she is alive today because it was identified at a Planned Parenthood clinic. They operated, and she is healthy. 
86,000 men and women who seek services at Planned Parenthood every year for breast cancer or for pap smears for cervical cancer who are identified as having a positive test result. As a result, they get care—86,000. What you are saying is that it is okay for 86,000 people to die because that is how they were accessing their health care. 
I yield myself 10 seconds to respond to some of the comments and to remind my colleagues this investigation that we are conducting is ongoing. 
services have been cut in half at Planned Parenthood over the past 7 years. They do not perform mammograms; they outsource it. They perform over 300,000 abortions annually; that is their own number. 
pregnant women who go there go for an abortion. 
At this time, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS), the chairman of the Health 
morning we are debating, actually, two bills. One is the delay of funds to Planned Parenthood until the investigation is over and redistributing that money to the rural and federally qualified community health clinics of which there are over 13,000—only 656 Planned Parenthood clinics—and they actually do women’s health, like mammograms, as we have heard, and other issues, not just refer. I would urge support for that. 
is sometimes infants are born alive after an abortion. We had two witnesses last week before the Judiciary Committee who were survivors. One of 
them said she was in contact with 203 other abortion survivors. 
All we are doing is putting enforcement language, some penalties in there because born alive is the law, but it is not enforced, and this would permit that to be enforced. 
next week, he said: ‘‘The defense of the unborn life is closely linked to the defense of each and every other human right. It involves the conviction that a human being is always sacred and inviolable in any situation, every stage of development.’’ 
Speaker, while the investigation may be ongoing, there have been no cases of born alive. The one case from some time ago, a doctor is in prison for that. This simply is not accurate. Now, what we know from ongoing investigations here currently is there has been no substantiated allegation against Planned Parenthood. 
Medical Progress that posted these YouTube video. They have made a number of misrepresentations that may have broken several Federal and State laws, including violating Federal tax laws, violating criminal laws, violating the Invasion of Privacy Act out of California, violating California’s penal code by making false charitable solicitations. 
Now, we have heard that the attorneys for the director, Mr. Daleiden, for CMP, his attorneys have advised a Federal district court that he intends to invoke his Fifth Amendment in the investigation of him for his violation of Federal and State laws. 
At this time, I yield 1 minute to the 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015. This bill is possibly the most dangerous bill for women’s health to come to the House floor of this Congress. 
Planned Parenthood have produced no evidence of violations of laws or medical standards, and independent auditors confirm the videos referenced were heavily altered. 
What really happens in Planned Parenthood clinics every year is this: 2.7 million Americans receive critical health services, 78 percent of which live below the poverty level; doctors deliver approximately 400,000 pap smear exams; and women receive nearly half a million breast exams, including screenings to 88,000 women whose cancer was detected early. 
This legislation threatens those services and the health of patients, including 7,000 women in my district annually who rely on Planned Parenthood for health care. 
As a woman, mother, and breast cancer survivor, I refuse to take that threat lying down. Republicans’ own investigations turned up nothing; yet 
some of their Members are willing to risk women’s lives just to score political points. Enough is enough. 
women’s health to vote against this outrageous witch hunt. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). 
urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015. 
Recent videos released by brave whistleblowers have definitively shown that it is well past time to defund Planned Parenthood. For far too long and to the tune of onehalf billion dollars a year, taxpayers have been forced to subsidize Planned Parenthood’s abortion on demand. 
Thanks to these unsettling revelations, we now know that taxpayers have also been subsidizing the trafficking of aborted baby body parts. This is not health care, Madam Speaker. 
There are over 13,000 publicly supported health centers in our country that do provide excellent women’s health care. In my home State of Colorado, there are 240 such healthcare alternatives versus 21 Planned Parenthood locations. 
remove funds from women’s health care, but shift it to responsible providers. Taxpayers won’t have to fund Planned Parenthood’s deplorable barbarism. 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VANHOLLEN). 
this legislation is the latest attempt to take essential healthcare services away from women. 
none of the Planned Parenthood Federal funds are used for abortion, per the Hyde amendment. They know there is no evidence that Planned Parenthood has violated any Federal laws. They know that 90 percent of Planned Parenthood services go to essential cancer screenings, family planning counseling, pregnancy tests, contraceptive care, and other things. 
This bill will deny women those services. When this bill fails in the Senate, our Republican colleagues are apparently prepared to shut down the government in order to shut down those women’s health services. 
Madam Speaker, our Republican colleagues are entitled to their views, but they should not harm our economy; they should not harm America’s women; they should not shut down the government to try to impose their views on the country. 
Madam Speaker, I rise to raise my opposition to H.R. 3134, Defund Planned Parenthood 
Act of 2015. This bill would prohibit all federal 
funding for Planned Parenthood health centers for one year. 
clean budget and govern responsibly, the Republicans are willing to hold our country hostage to further their harmful agenda against women. 
another shameful attempt to take essential healthcare services away from women. Republicans are so focused on defunding Planned Parenthood that they are willing to shut down the government again, and cause billions of dollars of damage to our economy. 
multiple times and each investigation has shown that Planned Parenthood has not violated any federal laws. Moreover none of Planned Parenthood’s federal funds are used to perform abortions, in accordance with the Hyde Amendment. Republicans are ignoring facts and relying on doctored footage to continue their crusade against women’s healthcare. 
women. Approximately one in five American women, in her lifetime, has relied on a Planned Parenthood center for care. It serves a total of 2.7 million patients per year—women and men. 
needed services go toward providing essential health services that includes contraceptive care, family planning counseling, pregnancy tests, prenatal care, and essential cancer screenings. 
centers to care for all of those who would lose access to healthcare if this bill is passed. A direct threat would be posed to seventyeight percent of Planned Parenthood patients who earn incomes of 150 percent of the federal poverty level or less. 
It is time to focus on this country’s real concerns and stop trying to deprive women of essential health services. I strongly oppose this bill and any other efforts to defund Planned Parenthood. 
government shutdown. I do want to remind them that we have over 13,000 community health centers in the country. Planned Parenthood has cut their cancer screening and prevention services in half in the past 7 years, and they do not perform mammograms, but they do over 300,000 abortions. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015. 
As an OB/GYN physician who has delivered close to 5,000 babies, I was sickened and disturbed by the release of several videos showing Planned Parenthood executives casually discussing the dismemberment of babies to sell body parts. 
whether you are prolife or prochoice, though I am proud to say that I will always be a defender of the right to life. This is about the gruesome practices of 
an organization that receives over $500 million a year from the Federal Government. As legislators, we carry the responsibility and the privilege to protect those who do not have a voice and to ensure that tax dollars are supporting organizations that truly provide health care for women. 
I have seen the videos, and I can tell 
you, that is not health care. I have spent my entire life caring for patients, and it is important to note that there are alternatives for women to receive care besides Planned Parenthood. I strongly support withholding tax dollars from Planned Parenthood until congressional investigators have had a chance to review the matter. I am proud to encourage my colleagues to support this important bill. 
Speaker, may I please inquire how much time is left on each side. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Florida has 8
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, the videos keep being referenced here on the floor. I want Members to understand, I want the American public to understand that the first four short videos released on YouTube have 40 separate splices and edits that remove crucial context. They remove exculpatory statements like, ‘‘Nobody should be selling tissue; that is not the goal here,’’ and, ‘‘This is not a service they should be making money from. It is something they should be able to offer to their patients in a way that doesn’t impact them,’’ or, ‘‘We are not looking to make money from this. Our goal is to keep access available.’’ In one of the videos there are at least 16 
substantial unexplained edits, including the removal of nine instances where Planned Parenthood staff said there is no profit related to tissue donation. 
fundamentally dishonest to remove statements like that, and then base a smear campaign and bring it to the floor of the United States Congress for policymaking? I think so. 
denounced across the country by independent editorial writers. They have called them distorted and unfair, dishonest, grossly misleading, and politically irresponsible and swift boating. 
the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ), my friend 
today in strong opposition to H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act. 
this legislation. This is a shameful and shocking sham. This has always been about Republicans wanting to restrict the right of women to make their own healthcare decisions. 
Let me say, you know, these doctored videos on YouTube, my children watch YouTube, and you can see whatever you want on YouTube. You can see a man punt a basketball through a basket from 500 feet. You can see whatever you want. So I am not surprised that these doctored videos are on YouTube. 
centers, so no health center does an actual mammogram. So let’s stop trying to mislead the American people with this sham. 
that is where you are going to get your information, I have another video you can watch right now on YouTube. It is called, ‘‘Dumb and Dumber.’’ 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). 
has been said that none are so blind as those who will not see, and so I rise today on behalf of the unborn babies who can’t stand up for themselves. 
described the horrifying videos that shock the conscience and have sparked several congressional investigations. 
we should all agree that taxpayer dollars should not be used for harvesting baby parts for profit. The debate today 
is about more than these barbaric practices. It is about the very character of our Nation. Will we turn a blind eye to this callous disregard for human life? Is this the country we want to be? 
granddaughter, Naomi Gail, was born after an emergency Csection from a doctor who understood the need for life for both the mother and the child. Holding her in my arms was a vivid reminder that all life is sacred, and every child deserves dignity, respect, and a chance for a full life. 
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Madam Speaker, it all begins with life. 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). 
3134, which is nothing more than yet another ideological attack on women’s health care. It would defund Planned Parenthood for a year, leaving millions of women across the country without access to critical healthcare services. 
serve as a primary care health facility for women seeking birth control, cancer and STI screenings, and other critical preventive care. In 2013 alone, Planned Parenthood provided healthcare services to more than 800,000 Californians and provided more than 93,000 Pap tests and 97,000 breast exams. 
services such as Planned Parenthood provides will harm those who most need these services, including lowincome women and women of color. This 
wrong. Politicians shouldn’t be interfering, anyway, in a woman’s personal healthcare decisions. 
war on women and stop these ideological attacks and stop using women’s health care to divert attention from a looming government shutdown because Republicans refuse to pass a budget. 
I yield myself 20 seconds to respond to something. 
colleague from New Jersey who previously spoke. I want to reference a press release that was sent out August 15 from his office on community health centers: 
toreach populations and are a vital resource that have a significant impact in improving health in New Jersey. 
populations, this is what we are doing. Let’s put the money where it meets the most needs. 
I now yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), 
who is the author of H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act, and commend him for his commitment in those efforts. 
Mr. DUFFY. ‘‘It is a boy,’’ or, ‘‘it is 
a girl’’; any parent knows that phrase. It is one of the most memorable moments that they will ever have in their lives. 
but it was said by an abortion provider at Planned Parenthood, and it was as that provider—we will use that term loosely—was siphoning through the body parts of a little baby, taking hearts and lungs for sale, but noticed it is a boy. 
of who we are as a people. I think it calls into question this debate. This is not a debate about women’s health. We are providing the same amount of money for women’s health to great clinics that provide great care. It is about Planned Parenthood. 
If you watch this debate, you have to ask, how could anybody defend the practices at Planned Parenthood, harvesting body parts? How could anyone defend that? It is an easy answer. Look in political season. Millions of dollars—millions of dollars—are spent by Planned Parenthood to elect Democrats to the House of Representatives and to the Senate. This isn’t about babies. This is about money. 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE). 
feels like deja vu. Once again, the House is ignoring the challenges facing our Nation in order to attack women’s health. Already this year, the House has voted to restrict reproductive health care in private insurance, enact 
a sweeping 20week abortion ban, and allow employers to discriminate against their workers for using birth control. 
Now, with just 5 legislative days before a shutdown, we are wasting our time on a bill the President has said he will veto. It is past time for Congress to stop focusing on ideology and start focusing on the facts. The fact is defunding Planned Parenthood would have a devastating effect on women’s access to health care. That care includes cancer screenings, immunizations, and birth control. 
As my colleagues are well aware, current law already prevents Federal funding for abortion services. It is shameful that the House is allowing the reckless actions of a few extremists to jeopardize the critical safety net provided by Planned Parenthood. We can’t let that happen. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS). 
seen in the videos released this summer the horrific practices of harvesting the body parts of aborted children for profit. We have also known that Planned Parenthood provides abortion procedures, and the prolife movement has for years worked very hard to ensure that no taxpayer dollars will be used to fund the procedure of abortion. 
women’s health care. We know this because not one clinic performs mammograms. The despicable actions that were uncovered in these videos show the true nature of Planned Parenthood. It shows their complete disregard for life. It shows how careless they are with the responsibility to treat our most vulnerable and innocent with respect. 
an organization that profits from the sale of organs from aborted children. Planned Parenthood officials have been caught haggling over the price of body parts from aborted children, and they have been recorded on camera fearing the consequences if their actions were revealed to the world. We have two House committee investigations. We have an obligation to suspend Federal funding to Planned Parenthood while the investigations are being conducted. 
reflect on the fragile nature of life and how we treat the unborn. I want to thank Congresswoman BLACK for leading the efforts to defund Planned Parenthood. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Florida has 4
remaining. The gentlewoman from Tennessee has 8 minutes remaining. b1145 
before you today not as a Republican and not as a Member of this House, but as a fellow human being, and I wonder: How did we get to this point? How do we somehow compromise in our mind what it is that we are talking about today? 
organization or agency and concentrate on the act of what is taking place. 
This is not a blob of tissue. This is 
one of America’s sons or daughters waiting to be born. They are taken from the safety of their mother’s womb and they are taken out very carefully so they can harvest certain body parts: hearts, lungs, heads. 
You can sit here and try to make it 
something about an agency and turn a blind eye to the act that is taking place in a country that will go to any length to protect life, in a people that believes in the sanctity of life from its very conception to its natural death. 
from these little baby boys and girls has become a political issue? 
human being. This is an issue of conscience and conviction. Please, do not make it a political battle. 
This is about a horrific act that is repulsive and repugnant and has no place in America. America’s taxpayers refuse to pay for that type of act. Wake up. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). 
thank the many colleagues who stood here and stand with me now to rise in support of ensuring that hardearned taxpayer dollars do not go to private entities that are trafficking in fetal baby parts. 
We have to put a stop to this heinous 
practice. We have to ensure that this problem is investigated. We have to ensure that the Federal Government is not condoning these actions. 
Planned Parenthood understands that the money that they have access to from the Federal Treasury is not mandatory money that is given to that agency. 
health is a priority, but let’s put the tax dollars into the agencies and the community health centers that are providing access to women’s health care every day throughout this great Nation. We can do that. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). 
Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Defund Planned Parenthood Act. I want to say this as respectfully as possible, but this bill is dumb, it is foolish, and it is meanspirited, with only one purpose, and that is to punish one of our country’s premier health organizations because it provides women access to an array of services that we need to lead healthy lives. The bill is based upon lies and exaggerations. 
debate, then let’s talk about the 400,000 Pap smears, the 500,000 breast exams, and the 4.5 million STD and HIV tests that Planned Parenthood does each year. Now, that is saving lives. That is the truth. 
I yield 1 minute to gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ). 
many years ago, I was in London with my family at the British Museum and watched a little movie about the development and growth of a baby inside a mother’s womb. The video was all about life, tracking the baby’s development week by week. 
where Planned Parenthood executives candidly talked about death. How can anyone defend the sale of a little baby’s body parts? Why should Federal taxpayers support organizations that rob little ones of their right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness? 
rights and life of America’s most defenseless. Today I am asking that you join me in supporting the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015, which effectively halts Federal funding of Planned Parenthood for 1 year or until they can certify that their affiliates and clinics are not and will not perform abortions. 
for her leadership on this issue. The character of our Nation is at stake. We must restore the value and sanctity of every life and fight back against those unfathomable acts. Life is precious. Let’s cherish each and every one. 
what we have learned about Planned Parenthood through these videos is appalling, barbaric, and indefensible. Here are some of the quotes: 
lung, liver . . . so I’m not gonna crush that part. 
We’re going to procure brain . . . so what 
you do is you go through the face . . . 
much better than this. The cold indifference shown in these videos is the inevitable result for an organization that does hundreds of thousands of abortions every year. 
women’s health and do not perform abortions outnumber Planned Parenthood clinics by between two to one. Let’s send the funds to those clinics. 
your side has read the bill. It doesn’t do anything that you have talked about. 
stop any of those other issues that are already illegal. It does one thing: It shuts down Planned Parenthood clinics. 
Planned Parenthood in the United States. And guess what. Twentytwo percent of the patients are men. So you are going to deny access not only to women, but to men. 
money somewhere else.’’ There is nowhere else. These are the only clinics around in many of the communities. 
angry white man’s caucus on the Republican side that have been for years trying to use this as a political issue, using a bill that says you are going to do all these things. It only does one thing: it penalizes Planned Parenthood. 
Penalizing Planned Parenthood penalizes us all. It is about access to health care, particularly, access to health care for women. 
Stop beating up on women. Stop trying to make this a political issue. The reason we haven’t been able to legislate against abortion is because you can’t find a law that can enforce it. 
medical issue that ought to be discussed with women and their doctors. Congress Members ought to stay out of this. 
these problems. This only hurts people, particularly in rural areas, because the majority of Planned Parenthood clinics are in rural areas. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members. 
read the bill. It is very short. It is about three pages. What it will do is freeze this funding for a year so we can do the investigation, and it sends it to some of the 13,000 community health centers that are in the country. 
one of their colleagues extolling the values of these community health centers. I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman 
released revealing Planned Parenthood’s horrific activities should spur deep concern in every American. 
Burwell, I asked her whether the Department of Health and Human Services would probe into these allegations, but she refused to commit to an investigation. 
to investigate this organization’s actions and hold them accountable. 
Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Florida has 2
to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE). 
Madam Speaker, the recent allegations and videos that have come forth have literally shocked the world by showcasing the morally bankrupt practices of Planned Parenthood. 
I am honored to stand with my colleagues to try to prevent tax dollars from going to this organization that has now stooped to the practice of trafficking innocent baby parts, they say, for the purpose of advancing medical 
research, but we all know that there is no excuse that can possibly be given to provide for the moral bankruptcy of Planned Parenthood. 
It is time to defund this while the investigation occurs. The blood and body parts of children should be looked at as a sacred entity rather than an industry. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). 
yielding and for her excellent remarks on the floor this morning. 
Parenthood would have a real, profound, negative impact on the 10,000 people in Maine who get health care from Planned Parenthood every year, many of whom have no other access to care. 
health care like cancer screenings, vaccinations, wellness exams, and STD testing, basic care that will mean the difference between health and sickness, prosperity and poverty, or even life and death for women in my State. 
the attempts to defund Planned Parenthood? Radical antiabortion groups who want to shut down Planned Parenthood and deny women access to safe and legal abortions. These are groups who want to deny women the right to make a private, personal medical decision. 
away the access to birth control, family planning services, and even basic 
false, misleading smear campaign to try and accomplish their goal, a campaign we have heard a lot today about here on the floor of the House of Representatives. 
and stand up for women’s rights to make their own decisions about health care and protect their access to basic medical services. 
I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ). 
during the recent Presidential debates Carly Fiorina called and dared President Obama and Hillary Clinton to watch these appalling videos. 
left, but I want to dare Members on the other side to watch these videos, too. There are computers in the cloakroom where they can watch them. 
dime to Planned Parenthood after watching it, shame on them. There are much better places to send it, like these community health centers created under President Obama’s bill. There are lots of places women can go for health care, not just Planned Parenthood. 
Go watch the videos. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I am pleased 
to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
watch the manufactured controversy surrounding ambushtype, heavily edited filming used to discredit Planned Parenthood. 
These attacks do not reflect my experience and knowledge of the amazing, dedicated, civicminded men and women—pillars of our community— who have built, supported, and led Planned Parenthood in my community. 
their efforts, tens of thousands of abortions never occurred. Because of their efforts, 70,000 women in Oregon last year received services. 
They are people who know their communities, Planned Parenthood leadership understands that this heated rhetoric, outrageous claims, and attack against service to lowincome women is not just false, it is wrong. 
It is bizarre to watch the manufactured controversy surrounding ambushtype, heavily edited journalism used to discredit Planned Parenthood. 
misleading tactics that are being used, which should be enough for most people to reject the allegations on their face. These attacks do not reflect my experience and knowledge of the amazing, dedicated, civicminded men and women who have built, supported, and led Planned Parenthood in my community. 
community, leaders in education, religion, business, and other civic affairs that provided the vision, the volunteer effort, and personal contributions to women’s health and reproductive freedom. There is no question that because of their efforts, tens of thousands of abortions never occurred in our community and those that did occur, did not result in harm to women. 
Planned Parenthood centers provided care to over 70,000 women in 2013, including over 25,000 breast and cervical cancer screenings. Nationally, Planned Parenthood services over 2.5 million women annually. Planned Parenthood centers serve a greater share of safety net clients than any other type of safetynet providers. Nearly 80 percent of women using Planned Parenthood have incomes at or below 150 percent of poverty—these clinics offer affordable health care options for women who may have no alternate source of care. 
The fact that we are engaged in a concerted 
assault against the provision of essential services to women, especially women of color and lowincome status is appalling. If people would take the time, as I have, to visit these facilities, meet the employees, and most importantly, know these community leaders that have made it possible to protect women’s health, to prevent countless abortions, and to promote wellbeing and education, they would see the lies behind this heated rhetoric and misguided attacks. 
I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ). 
serve on the board of health in Cincinnati, Ohio, and I am very familiar 
with FQHCs. I might say that FQHCs provide services, expansive services, not only to women, but men and children as well. 
process of adoption, and it sickens me to see these parts of young children sitting there, knowing that we could take them, love them, and nurture them into a wonderful life. I don’t know how people look at themselves in the mirror and think that this is okay. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
The Republican Congress has fundamentally failed to fulfill its basic responsibility to work out an appropriations plan that will keep this government open. This bill, to inflame the passion that is based on false videos, distorted clips that was part of a coordinated smear campaign all across the country, is being used as the foundation to close the government. 
I hope it doesn’t happen, but it appears that the dysfunction in the Republican Congress is going to lead us down that path, at the expense of women’s health care, their basic fundamental services all across this country. 
Last spring, we asked the Republicans in Congress to sit down and hammer out an appropriations plan. They refused. They adjourned at the end of July. Nothing happened in August. Nothing has happened here in September, except for these inflammatory bills based upon false YouTube videos. This Republican Congress’ continuing dysfunction and inability to govern are having real effects on hard working Americans. This ‘‘Deny Women Health Care Act’’ is a cynical attack on the ability of women to receive the health services they need. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I urge my Republican colleagues to keep the government open for hardworking Americans. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). 
where have we gone? Where is the moral compass of the United States? Do we want to continue the issue of taking body parts of babies and selling them on the open market and protecting that enterprise? Or do we want to back up and say, if that is occurring, we are not funding it? 
a minute, if that is occurring in America, we are not going to tolerate it. Until we find out, no more money, and it should go to other agencies that don’t harvest the body parts of babies. 
I am going to close and draw to an 
end this debate. I do want to remind all my colleagues that we are not discussing government shutdown. What we are talking about is a bill that would withhold funds from Planned Parenthood for a period of a year, while we have an investigation. 
smear campaign. We are investigating the operations of Planned Parenthood. 
Why are we doing this? Planned Parenthood is big abortion in this country—300,000 abortions a year, as opposed to 1,800 adoption services; 98.5 percent of all women who go there for a prenatal service, it is an abortion. Think about that, 98.5 percent. 
use taxpayer funding, and we are justified in withholding taxpayer funds until we finish that. 
say that we are radical, dumb, shameful, disrespectful, foolish, extremists, deniers, deprivers, meanspirited, and beating up on women. Think about that. All because we stand for life, for liberty. We stand for life rights, a first right, and these are the names that you attach to people who defend those rights. 
An excited grandmother said, Meet my granddaughter. It was an ultrasound, a 3–D ultrasound. Her name is Jessica. That is a baby with a life, and Planned Parenthood is aborting 300,000 of those lives each year. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I’d like to thank my good friend, Congresswoman DIANE BLACK for her leadership on this 
issue and her unwavering support for the lives of the unborn. 
shocking nature of Planned Parenthood’s practice of selling babies’ hearts, lungs, livers, brains and other organs, often for a profit, to the highest bidder. 
about these practices, but perhaps even more so by the cold indifference in which countless employees dehumanized unborn children, effectively turning them into line item revenue sources, rather than human life in its most precious form. 
these practices, the U.S. House of Representatives responded to these abhorrent activities by launching investigative hearings, the first of which began in the House Judiciary Committee last week. 
Yet the very same week we began investigating the extent of the wrongdoing, the Executive Branch, through the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, awarded Planned Parenthood of Missouri, Iowa and Montana with over $1 million in taxpayer support. 
is for the U.S. House of Representatives, the legislative body with constitutional authority over federal funds, to pass legislation expressly prohibiting the federal government from supporting Planned Parenthood. 
U.S. House of Representatives to deny funds from a single continuing resolution or omnibus spending package. 
Congress an opportunity to continue our investigations into Planned Parenthood and work toward the day when we are no longer funding this abhorrent organization. 
In the short term, there is much work to be 
The U.S. House of Representatives is responsible for acting on behalf of the American people and investigating the extent to which Planned Parenthood’s has profited from this activity. 
Planned Parenthood has not been engaging in illegal partial birth abortions. 
Parenthood has been breaking the law by altering abortion procedures to preserve certain organs for sale. 
We must protect women and unborn children from these dangerous procedures that are designed to increase revenue for this group and profit from the destruction innocent life. 
And perhaps most importantly, we must provide funding for other organizations that provide women’s health care support and services—without also offering abortions. 
for groups like Planned Parenthood that believe they are above the laws of the United States. 
to stand up for the most vulnerable among us, to lend a voice to the voiceless, and fight back against injustice. And so I lend my full support to H.R. 3134, 
so that we may defund Planned Parenthood and provide vulnerable women with better options for their health care needs. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act. 
This bill is partisan politics at its worst. The 
attacks on Planned Parenthood are nothing more than political witchhunts led by anti abortion extremists. Their efforts to mislead the public and tarnish the reputation of Planned Parenthood are downright shameful. 
families, particularly in underserved areas, rely on Planned Parenthood for family planning services and basic women’s healthcare. Seventyeight percent of Planned Parenthood patients live with incomes at 150 percent of the federal poverty level or less, and almost half a million of their patients are Latinos. Were it not for Planned Parenthood, these families, including over 25 thousand in my district, would have nowhere to turn for basic health care needs. 
Defunding Planned Parenthood has implications for the 2.7 million Americans across the country who count on Planned Parenthood for STD and STI testing, cancer screenings, contraceptive care, and other health services. These basic and critical healthcare services which account for 97% of those provided at Planned Parenthood, are what is really being defunded here. 
Supreme Court ruled that a woman has the constitutional right to choose what is best for her health and her body. Since then, anti abortion extremists have been working tirelessly to chip away at this constitutional protection. This time, Madam Speaker, the ramifications of their efforts extend far beyond abortion. They threaten the health and well being of millions of hardworking American families in my district and across the country. 
The majority always argues for small government. I guess this time they want a government small enough to fit inside the exam room with a woman and her doctor. 
signed by 13 Latino advocacy groups in opposition to defunding Planned Parenthood. 
DEARMEMBERS OF CONGRESS : As organizations committed to the civil and human rights, health equity, and wellbeing of Latino/as, our families, and our communities, we the thirteen undersigned organizations urge you to oppose all efforts to defund Planned Parenthood Federation of America (PPFA) or other healthcare providers that Latinos/as rely on for high quality care. 
The recent manipulated and misleading attacks on PPFA are yet another political attempt to target providers of reproductive health services. The real agenda behind these attacks is to block access to basic health services, particularly for lowincome communities, women of color, and young people. These tactics also create an atmosphere of fear and shame intended to intimidate women who seek abortion and those who provide the much needed care. 
of vital health services to lowincome women and women of color, threatens to unravel the reproductive health safety net that our 
Latino/a community relies on. We have already seen such efforts as in Texas when the state legislature authorized the ‘‘affiliate rule’’ that barred all Planned Parenthood health centers from receiving state funds. In 2012, the first full year following the devastating cuts to family planning funding and implementation of the ‘‘affiliate rule,’’ Texas met only 13 percent of the need for publicly funded contraception—less than half of national totals for the same year. 
a devastating impact on the Latino/a community which experiences higher rates of reproductive cancers, unintended pregnancy, and sexually transmitted infections than most other groups of people in the U.S. In fact, according to the latest statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Latinas have the highest cervical cancer incidence rates. Latinos/as, including LGBTQ Latinos/as, immigrant women, and women of color experience system barriers such as cost, lack of available clinics, insufficient culturally and linguistically competent health systems, and discriminatory immigration policies that make it difficult for individuals and communities to access routine healthcare. For decades, Latinos/as have been the most uninsured racial and ethnic group. 
Planned Parenthood for quality healthcare. In 2013, PPFA’s clinics served 575,000 Latinos/ as, which was 22 percent of their overall patients. We will not tolerate any attempts to 
We strongly urge you to oppose all proposals to defund PPFA and stand with the undersigned organizations to protect the right to health care for Latinos/as and other persons of color. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Ann Marie Benitez, Senior Director of Government Relations, at National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health. 
Hispanic Federation, Labor Council for Latin American Advancement, LatinoJustice PRLDEF, League of United Latin American Citizens, Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, National Alliance of Latin American and Caribbean Communities, National Hispanic Media Coalition, National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health, Presente, U.S. Mexico Foundation, VotoLatino. 
opposition to this brazen assault on women’s health, which would harm lower income women around this nation. 
mean that women with limited health options will find it harder to secure lifesaving services—like breast exams and pap tests. In New York alone, cutting Planned Parenthood funding would mean that nearly 50,000 fewer breast exams would occur. 37,000 women would no longer receive pap tests. Millions of women nationwide would no longer have access to STI screenings and treatments, to say nothing of additional unplanned pregnancies. 
These are just some of the critical treatments and procedures Planned Parenthood provides—some of which save women’s lives. If you want to proclaim yourself ‘‘prolife’’ then you should care about women’s lives—not focus on depriving them of health care services and contraception. 
left before another Republicanfueled government shutdown. We know this misguided bill 
we are debating is going nowhere. It will not 
pass the Senate. If it did, the President would veto it. 
with attacking Planned Parenthood and reducing women’s healthcare options—to the point where they are ready to engender another government shutdown. 
We need to reject this legislation so we get 
back to the serious business of governing. Support women’s health care, vote no on the bill. 
Madam Speaker, I stand in strong opposition to H.R. 3134, Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015. 
deny women basic health care, including reproductive health services. 2.7 million patients—both men and women—all across America depend on Planned Parenthood for critical medical services every year. In my district, if you go to a Planned Parenthood clinic at the end of the day, women, many of modest means, will be lined up through the waiting room and, often, down the street, waiting to be seen. 
will have other comparable options, the experts tell us that is simply not the case. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that if this bill is passed, as many as 630,000 Planned Parenthood patients could lose access to birth control, STD screening, and other reproductive health services. And researchers at the Guttmacher Institute estimate that in 103 of America’s 491 counties, Planned Parenthood is the only safetynet family planning clinic. 
I am outraged by this attempt to use a 
heavily edited and thoroughly discredited video to vilify an organization that plays a vital role in communities across the nation. Planned Parenthood should be celebrated, not demonized, and I hope my colleagues reject this dangerous and disingenuous piece of legislation. 
come to the House floor to stand up for women’s health. 
agendadriven series of videos that falsely portray Planned Parenthood’s participation in tissue donation programs that support lifesaving scientific research. These outrageous and false claims about Planned Parenthood have been discredited. Edited and distorted video should not undermine the incredible work that Planned Parenthood does across this country in providing critical health care to millions of women. 
would not defund abortion. Only three percent of all health services provided by Planned Parenthood are abortion services, and these services already cannot be paid for with federal funding. What this bill would defund is basic health services for millions of women. Planned Parenthood provides family planning counseling and contraception to 2.1 million patients, 400,000 lifesaving screenings for cervical cancer, nearly 500,000 breast exams, and nearly 4.5 million tests and treatments for sexually transmitted infections, including HIV. 
uninsured Americans decreased by 8.8 million last year thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 33 
million Americans still have no health insurance. Perhaps hardest hit by this defunding effort will be the women who live in one of the 20 states that have declined the Medicaid expansion provided by the Affordable Care Act and who rely on Planned Parenthood for lifesaving health care. 
be devastating for lowincome communities, women of color, and young people. It would unravel our nation’s reproductive health safety net. Planned Parenthood health centers comprise 10% of all publicly funded family planning centers, and serve 36% of all clients who obtain care from the nation’s network of family planning providers. The view of some Republicans that federal funding could simply be redistributed to other health care centers and providers ignores where Planned Parenthood health centers are located. They are not typically on Main Street, but rather in areas and neighborhoods where they are most needed. For example, a new Planned Parenthood center currently under construction here in D.C. is located in a underserved area in Ward 5 whose population greatly needs access to the health services that Planned Parenthood provides. 
know all too well this type of assault on women’s reproductive health and Planned Parenthood. Whenever Republicans have controlled the House, they have imposed a devastating rider on the District that prevents us from spending our locally raised taxes on abortion services for lowincome women, singling us out as the only jurisdiction in the country that cannot spend its local tax dollars for such purposes. We were successful in getting that rider removed from the Senate’s fiscal year 2016 D.C. Appropriations bill, and we will continue to fight to have the rider removed from any final spending bill. 
I urge my colleagues to vote no on this 
hyperpartisan bill, which would devastate women’s access to health services, most drastically in lowincome and minority communities. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
express several serious concerns with the flawed process that led to a flawed product, H.R. 3134, the ‘‘Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015.’’ 
few months document what many already knew was happening at Planned Parenthood facilities around our nation—the selling and trafficking of fetal organs for a profit. For the vast majority of Americans who view human life as sacred, these videos halve caused righteous anger and disgust that the taxpayer subsidized ‘‘nonprofit organization’’ is not only extinguishing human life but also making money off of human parts—at the taxpayers’ expense. 
This is the moment for the prolife movement to hold this evil organization accountable by completely and unequivocally defunding Planned Parenthood. 
Rather than fighting to protect life and actually defunding Planned Parenthood, we are voting today on a weak bill, without teeth, that does not defund Planned Parenthood. 
H.R. 3134 only places a oneyear moratorium on federal funding of Planned Parenthood. Furthermore, it includes exceptions to 
continue to allow taxpayer dollars to go to Planned Parenthood and its abortion factories. 
With all we know about what goes on at 
Planned Parenthood’s abortion factories, why are we voting on a bill to ‘‘defund’’ Planned Parenthood for one year? 
Planned Parenthood. The exceptions included in this bill allow taxpayer dollars to be used to fund abortions performed at Planned Parenthood. In effect, this bill is a proactive vote by the GOPcontrolled House of Representatives to affirmatively fund abortions at Planned Parentlgd facilities. The very bill leadership has promoted as the solution to this grisly problem—the taxpayer funded mutilation of fully formed children—actually rubber stamps the existing situation. 
bill is ripe for fraud and abuse. All Planned Parenthood needs to do is certify it is already following federal law and the Hyde Amendment to continue to receive funding. Who ensures this certification? Once Planned Parenthood receives federal funding and is found to violate this Act, what is the process for the executive branch to seek repayment of this money? H.R. 3134 does not go far enough to address concerns for fraud and abuse. 
substance of H.R. 3134, I offered an amendment to the Rules Committee on Wednesday, September 16, 2015. My amendment states: 
to Planned Parenthood. Period. No oneyear moratorium. No exceptions. That should be the goal of this debate and any legislation to defund Planned Parenthood. 
approve my amendment for debate on the floor or adopt it as part of the underlying bill. If my amendment was considered on the floor, I am confident that my colleagues would have overwhelming support and adopted my amendment into the underlying bill. 
marker—H.R. 3134 is not a sufficient vote to defund Planned Parenthood. I expect much stronger language than this in the CR coming up in the next few weeks. Innocent, unborn babies deserve more than just a show vote. 
For these reasons, I will cast a present vote. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Ms. ESTY. I am, in its current form. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
3134, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
Act shall impact the amount of funding available for any organization that provides women’s health services, such as preventive care and cancer screenings, in appropriations legislation for fiscal year 2016, including any continuing resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Connecticut is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. 
the final amendment to the bill which will not stop the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, this bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
I rise today as a mother, as a woman, 
and as a Representative to offer this straightforward amendment to protect women’s access to vital health care. 
have been led to believe, the bill before us today is not about abortion. This bill would, however, restrict women’s access to health care all across the country by entirely eliminating all Federal funding for Planned Parenthood. 
dollars go towards abortions, and none have since 1976. That is not what this bill is about. 
diagnosed with cancer—cervical cancer, breast cancer, ovarian cancer. It may be your mother, your neighbor, or your wife who sought preventive care or cancer screening from a doctor of her choice. 
received quality medical care at Planned Parenthood. In fact, one in five American women have sought medical care from Planned Parenthood. It may be your daughter. It may be your boss. It may be your colleague. 
qualified organization that provides women’s health services can receive funding. It is simple, and it is fair. 
health care, not less. We need to stop trying to restrict access to lifesaving cancer screenings, birth control, and wellwoman exams. We need to stop fighting 40yearold battles on women’s rights. Defunding Planned Parenthood would 
have a devastating impact on women, especially lowincome women, women in rural communities, and women of color. 
health care at Planned Parenthood. Men receive health care at Planned Parenthood, too. 
Parenthood’s critical role in providing health services to Americans every year. 
planning counseling and contraceptive care to 2.1 million Americans, more than 1.1 million pregnancy tests, nearly 400,000 Pap smear tests, and nearly 500,000 lifesaving breast exams. 
Planned Parenthood is the only source of family planning services. That is why, in 1976, as a college freshman, I volunteered for Planned Parenthood because I had seen the impact on young women in my rural high school who had no access to family planning services. Too many got pregnant, dropped out of school, and never pursued their dreams. 
left, we should be focusing on avoiding a reckless and unnecessary government shutdown. 
Do you remember the last government shutdown, the one that cost us $24 billion? No wonder some don’t think America is great right now. Dysfunction in this Congress is undermining the American people’s faith in democracy. 
act. We have the opportunity, and we have the duty to set aside ideological battles and, instead, take up the urgent business of the American people. 
Import Bank and pass a longterm, wellfunded highway trust fund bill, investing in America’s infrastructure, to ensure that America will continue to be great throughout the 21st century. 
amendment to ensure that American women have access to vital health care, no matter where they live and no matter how much they earn. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. 
I claim the time in opposition to the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Tennessee is recognized for 5 minutes. 
we all know that Planned Parenthood receives hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars. For them to get that money, while they are under investigation for profiting off the sale of body parts, baby body parts, is just absolutely abhorrent. What this bill does is to put a 1year 
moratorium while we conduct the investigation. Let’s be real clear about that, a 1year moratorium while we do our due diligence. That is what you call smart business, doing your due diligence, being a steward of the taxpayers’ money. 
that they continue to say this will cut access to women’s health care. No, it will not. 
sees less than 2 percent of all American women in a given year? There is an amendment on this legislation by Mrs. ELLMERS , it redirects $235 million to 
have more of those centers in more underserved areas, and they are required to provide services which include diagnostic lab and radiological services. 
screenings and cancer screenings and those services in half over the last few years, while they have increased their abortions to 300,000 a year. 
funds to Planned Parenthood while we conduct this investigation. We are right to be a steward of the taxpayer money. 
on the motion to recommit and a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the passage of H.R. 3134. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and passage of H.R. 3504. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 183, nays 245, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps 
Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa 
Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ROGERS of Alabama changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, and Mr. VAN HOLLEN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 241, noes 187, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais 
DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. WAGNER. Madam Speaker, due to extenuating circumstances, I was unable to attend votes for the week of September 14 through September 18, 2015. 
Small Tracts Amendments Act of 2015 (rollcall vote No. 495), had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Memorial Clarification Act of 2015 (rollcall vote No. 496), had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Reduction Act (rollcall vote No. 501), had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Parenthood Act of 2015 (rollcall vote No. 505), had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
On passage of H.R. 3504—Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act (rollcall vote No. 506), had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise in recognition of an exemplary member of my district in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. 
tireless advocate for Scouting in Bucks County and an outstanding leader for countless young men. 
career in Scouting Lew has done his best to do his duty to God and country, to obey the Scout law, and to help other people at all times. 
going to be recognized by the local Scouting community for his decades of great work. 
As a fellow Scouter and a friend, it is 
my honor to congratulate Lew on another welldeserved recognition and highlight a life of Scouting well lived. 
going to be in session next week. Normally, as you know, we have a colloquy on the schedule. There is no colloquy today because, essentially, there is no schedule. We don’t know what is going to be proposed to fund government, which will shut down in approximately 14 days if this body does not act. Actually, it is less than 14 days. It is 6 legislative days, Mr. Speaker. 
The ExportImport Bank has been allowed to essentially go out of business for new loans, and we are losing jobs, Mr. Speaker, but there is no schedule. The highway bill on which States, cities, counties, localities, and private sector relies for some degree of certainty, there is no schedule, Mr. Speaker. 
I regret that we do not have a colloquy today. I regret that the Export Import Bank was not moved yesterday, today, or is not on the schedule for next week. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time that the majority party sets forth a schedule to make sure America succeeds. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
American people are sick and tired of talk. They want action. 
have blocked votes on bills important to all Americans. They have blindly supported the President’s failed policies and have shielded him from having to defend his policies to the American people. 
American cry for help. We fought to repeat ObamaCare. We fought to stop the reckless Iranian nuclear agreement. Once again, we are fighting to defend the defenseless. We have passed budgets that will reduce our national debt, stop jobkilling regulations, provide for our national defense, and get Americans working again. 
have better solutions to the problems that face our Nation. It is time for the 
President to go on record for his opposition to commonsense solutions that put America first. This can only happen if the Senate employs the nuclear option. It is time to change the Senate rules and force this President and the Senate to work for the American people instead of against them. 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to discuss an issue of great importance, the need to pass a budget bill and prevent a government shutdown. 
Hill heard all the buzz when former Daily Show host Jon Stewart came into town, but what I hope is not lost in all the excitement was his reason for coming. 
He came to deliver a message to Congress to pass the reauthorization of the James Zadroga 9/11 First Responders Act, of which I am a proud cosponsor. It expires at the end of this month. 
health care of our courageous first responders, Congress is fixated on creating another manufactured crisis. Instead of providing a firefighter burned so badly while saving a victim of the attack of the Twin Towers or a police officer suffering from lung cancer because of exposure to toxic chemicals free health care and really thanking them for their heroic sacrifices, Congress again took no action. 
the gravity of the situation and come together to get back to conducting the business of this Nation. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize today as National POWMIA Recognition Day, in honor of missing servicemen and women across our Nation. 
soldiers ranging from World War II, the Korean war, and Vietnam are still unaccounted for. While we are thankful that several nations have worked to assist the United States in research and recovery efforts, there are still hurdles to clear when it comes to negotiations and operations. That is why I drafted H. Con. Res. 56, entitled ‘‘Keeping Our Promise to MIAs and POWs.’’ 
resolution seeks to increase cooperation with nations that we enter into trade agreements in the research and recovery of our unaccounted soldiers. 
women still unaccounted for, we need to do everything we can to bring them 
home with the honor and dignity that they deserve. 
act soon, our government’s functions will cease in 10 days. At the end of October, transportation and highway constructions will halt. Instead, Congress can do the right thing to create jobs 
funding the government broke down because the majority couldn’t figure out its stance on the Confederate flag. Today, partisan extremists are threatening another shutdown over women’s health care that would be a selfinflicted hit to our economy. 
We know that shutting down the government would be devastating for our economy. Standard & Poor’s estimated that the 2013 shutdown cost our economy $24 billion in economic activity; so instead of flirting with the government shutdown disaster, we should be investing in our future. 
bare minimum by passing multiple, shortterm extensions to the highway trust fund, mostly through accounting gimmicks. Across the board, from workers organizations to business groups, there is opposition to a government shutdown and support for long term investments in infrastructure. 
easier for Americans to grow their businesses and to create highquality jobs instead of punishing our infrastructure, our military, and our economy with foolish partisanship. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
matter of days, we will welcome Pope Francis to the Nation’s Capital. 
Rome, following a line of succession that goes all the way back to St. Peter 2,000 years ago. The sixteenth chapter of the Gospel of Matthew teaches that Jesus told Peter that he would be the rock on whom Jesus would build his church. 
America remains a young Nation compared to the 2,000yearold Catholic church. While we have had 44 different Presidents—President Obama is the 45th President because count Grover Cleveland as the 22nd and 24th President—just 16 of the church’s 266 popes have governed the church since 1776. 
Catholics and nonCatholics alike, a chance to reflect on the great issues of the day, including the sanctity of life, threats to the family, religious freedom, economic justice, care for the less fortunate, war and peace, and stewardship of the Earth. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
one of the largest employers in my district, General Electric, announced it would be cutting hundreds of jobs nationwide due to Congress’—due to the leadership in this House—inability to renew the ExportImport Bank. 
This politics over people and Republican dysfunction has plagued this body since the GOP won the majority. It has led to a government shutdown, obsession with blocking the President at every turn, and now a loss of hundreds of jobs in my district, Schenectady, New York. 
often in Washington and at the desks of cable news pundits. 
jobs in my district are gone because Republican House leadership decided it was more important to appease the extreme conservative flank of their own party than to renew an agency that creates jobs while cutting the deficit. 
As the Albany TimesUnion accurately phrased it: ‘‘This is the price tag of a Congress ruled by drowngovernmentinthebathtub ideologues who have no regard for facts: 500 American jobs bound for France, Hungary, and China.’’ 
Schenectady, New York. There, they will find families that work hard and play by the rules and don’t expect a handout. In this case, a dysfunctional Congress shut down a program that lost families in my district their jobs. That is morally reprehensible and completely unacceptable. 
people lose their job because of inaction in this House. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, Congress has a duty to ensure that taxpayer dollars by hardworking Americans are spent wisely and responsibly. However, too often, we have seen Federal agencies that have acted in a way that waste taxpayer money by holding excessive conferences with extravagant gifts, luxuries, and perks. We all remember the lavish Las 
Vegas GSA conference that cost $823,000 for 300 employees, including tens of thousands of dollars spent on gifts. The IRS spent a whopping $50 million—taxpayer dollars—on conferences alone during a 3year period. 
These agencies need more accountability. That is why my colleague, RON 
KIND, and I have introduced the bipartisan TRACE Act. This legislation simply requires the head of a Federal agency who is hosting a conference to submit a summary of that event to Congress for review. 
This initiative will hold agencies accountable. It will improve oversight and transparency. It will save hard earned taxpayer money, and it will create a more efficient and effective government. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
this Nation has a great history, and I would ask the question: What would Franklin Delano Roosevelt do, President Eisenhower, or Ronald Reagan, or John F. Kennedy, when a question 
from someone in the room attacked and presented a negative attitude about Muslims or Catholics or those in the Jewish faith or Protestant? 
Well, it happened in a townhall meeting of a Presidential candidate. This person thought that they were maligning and deriding the President of the United States when they called him Muslim and that he was not a citizen; yet no voice rang out in this townhall meeting to oppose that heinous and horrific attitude toward individuals of the Muslim faith, who actually have fought on behalf of the flag of the United States of America. We malign no people for a general issue that all of us know we are all against, the world family is against. 
fund this government because the last time, when the Republicans shut the government down in 2013, we lost $24 billion. 
health care, you now want to defund the government and, at the same time, keep jobs away from the American people by not reauthorizing the Export Import Bank. 
jobs may be lost by a businessman in Kenya who was waiting for the Export Import Bank. He is an American, and he had 400 jobs. 
I say, Mr. Speaker, stop the foolishness. Act like the history of this Nation, and stand up for what is right. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
under the President’s nuclear deal, the United States agreed to give the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism a billiondollar oil boom. The United States will allow Iran to export its crude oil, but ironically, it still bans exports of our crude oil. 
lift the American ban on crude oil exports, but the White House seems to be more worried about playing the Chamberlain and appeasing Iran than helping the United States economy. 
crude oil producer in the world. There is a world demand for this oil, but the White House will not allow exports, so the oil stays stagnant in the ground. 
This ban is one factor that has led to 
70,000 jobs being lost in the energy sector in America. Exporting U.S. crude oil will lower gas prices, create jobs, and increase our influence worldwide. 
must. It is time to stop putting the interests of the mullahs and the haters of the United States above Americans citizens. Export American oil. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
recognize the Crescenta Valley High School Air Force Junior ROTC. 
Lieutenant Colonel David Worley, the Crescenta Valley Air Force JROTC is a wellrespected and integral part of the foothills communities. 
program truly learn the value of community service and personal responsibility. It is a tremendous opportunity for young men and women to embrace the core values of ‘‘Integrity First, Service Before Self, and Excellence in All We Do.’’ 
among the most impressive young people I have had the privilege to meet. We are so fortunate to have a program in our community that provides a 
I wish to offer my heartfelt congratulations and thanks to Lieutenant Colonel Worley and all the participants at Crescenta Valley High School. I am confident there is no program anywhere in the Nation that is a better representative of the Air Force JROTC. I speak for all my constituents when I say, Job well done. 
Speaker, I didn’t intend to speak today, but I just wanted to remind the American people, as I hear that the United States is about to enter talks with Russia over their presence in the Middle East, Russia is there for one reason. They are there to prop up a man named Bashar alAssad, who has killed a quarter million of his own people. 
Assad has killed include women and children. These children may look different or speak a different language, in some cases, than in the United States, but these are children with the same dreams as many American children. They may want to grow up to be police officers or teachers or doctors or pharmacists or work on the family farm and raise a family. These are young lives that have been snuffed out by the barrel bombs of this evil dictator. 
Middle East and what to do with it, let me remind the American people that the choice is not between ISIS or Assad, but the choice is if you want to destroy ISIS, you must destroy Bashar alAssad. 
POLIQUIN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) is recognized for 60 minutes 
talked about a lot this week. There has been a lot going on in Congress. We haven’t gotten to spend much time recognizing that yesterday was Constitution Day, September 17, celebrating that summer in 1787 where they worked all summer long and all the way up until September 17 to craft this document that I would argue has preserved our freedoms for over 200 years. I want to talk about what I would argue is a national threat, a bipartisan threat to those principles embodied in that Constitution. 
I want to put up a quote from James Madison. You can’t see it from where you are, but James Madison says this: 
The accumulation of all powers, legislative, executive, and judiciary, in the same hands, whether of one, a few, or many, and whether hereditary, selfappointed, or elective, may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny. 
Mr. Speaker, we talk a lot about tyranny in different governments around the globe. What James Madison says is we are not talking about one evil dictator. 
moment ago talking about how one evil dictator can change the entire makeup of regional peace and stability. James Madison portrays it even larger. He says it does not matter whether it is one person or a few people or even 
many people. It does not matter whether it is hereditary or selfappointed or elective. When you have all of the power located in any one place, tyranny is the result. 
schools, Mr. Speaker, about separation of powers. We learn about checks and balances. We learn about the legislative branch on Capitol Hill, the Supreme Court right behind us, the executive branch headquartered at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, and the natural tension that is created within those branches. 
government, legislative, executive, and judicial, shall be left in this body. 
trying to create our form of government. He says: 
I think a people cannot long be free, nor 
Speaker, represents the culmination of all of the challenges, all of the thoughts, all of the prayers to spawn a new nation. But what they grappled with for the entirety of that summer was how to create a system that would prevent a return to tyranny. 
same hands, whether one, few, or many, whether hereditary, whether selfappointed, whether elective, may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny. 
the day after Constitution Day, because this is something that I have seen come up over and over again in my lifetime in a bipartisan and a bicameral way. 
about President Obama, Mr. Speaker, and I will certainly do that later on in this hour, but I want to begin by talking about President Bush. The headline I have here coming from The Washington Post, Mr. Speaker, says: ‘‘Bush’s Tactic of Refusing Laws is Probed.’’ The Washington Post says this: 
not either enforce part or the entirety of congressional bills, according to the ABA president, a Massachusetts attorney. ‘‘We will be close to a constitutional crisis,’’ the ABA president says, ‘‘when the President of the United States’ use of signing statements is left unchecked.’’ 
into law. We have all seen the ‘‘I am just a bill sitting here on Capitol Hill.’’ We all know how laws are made. Congress deliberates, crafts, passes, sends to the President for his signature. Well, a signing statement is when you sign a bill into law and say: Oh, but by the way, this particular part of the law I don’t recognize as being valid. Well, the veto pen gives you an opportunity to reject a law if you don’t like it. A signing statement says: I like this part, and I am going to enforce it, but I don’t like this part, and I am not. Another headline, ‘‘Bush Challenges 
President Bush has quietly claimed the authority to disobey more than 750 laws enacted since he took office, asserting that he has the power to set aside any statute passed by Congress when it conflicts with his interpretation of the Constitution. 
in Congress during the Bush administration. You and I did not have an oversight role of the Bush administration, but I would tell you that Republicans and Democrats are each complicit in their own way in allowing the people’s power, not the House’s power, but the people’s power to slowly drift down Pennsylvania Avenue, away from the people’s representatives on Capitol Hill and into the hands of a Chief Executive. 
administration. This was a part of the national conversation during the Bush administration, but most Republicans remained silent. This is not a Republican or a Democratic issue. This is an American issue. This is a constitutional issue. If we are to prevent tyranny, we have to stand and be counted. 
Congress during the Bush administration. While you and I were not, Barack Obama was, and he says this in March of 2008: 
biggest problems that we are facing right now have to do with the President— 
trying to bring more and more power into the executive branch and not go through Congress at all. And that is what I intend to reverse when I’m President of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, that is almost laughable, as we sit here in September of 2015. The words of thenSenator, now President Barack Obama: 
biggest problems that we are facing right now have to do with the President trying to bring more and more power into the executive branch and not go through Congress at all, and that’s what I intend to reverse when I’m President of the United States. 
Founders so that there would be checks and balances. You don’t want a President who is too powerful or a Congress who is too powerful or a court that is too powerful. Everybody’s got their own role. Congress’ job is to pass legislation. The President can veto it or he can sign it. I believe in the Constitution, and I will obey the Constitution of the United States. We are not going to use signing statements as a way of doing an end run around Congress. 
Obama, he saw separation of powers clearly; he saw the checks and balances clearly. On the campaign trail, while he was seeking to be the next President of the United States, he recognized the transgressions of the Bush administration, and he said: 
Not on my watch, I will not follow in that 
seems laughable as we sit here in September of 2015. 
conference by President Obama in August of 2013. The Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, was in all the headlines. The President says this: 
would have been easier for me to simply call up the Speaker, then Speaker BOEHNER , and 
say, you know what, this is a tweak that doesn’t go to the essence of the law—it has to do with, for example, are we able to simplify the attestation of employers to whether they’re already providing health insurance or not. 
press conference, the President, having just begun to implement the Affordable Care Act—remember, it was jammed through Congress, completely partisan vote, wasn’t quite ready for prime time, but they lost the Senate election; they had to move through the unfinished product. As that bill is being implemented, obviously there are problems because it was not a conference bill. It was not a bill that had worked its way through the committee process. The President says: Well, ordinarily, when you are trying to fix these kind of problems, I would have just called up the Speaker. I would have said, Mr. Speaker, the law didn’t work out quite the way we wanted it to. We need a few tweaks to make the law work. 
looks like there may be some better ways to do this, better ways than the way the law was drafted. Let’s make a technical change to the law, the President says, what he would have asked for, had he called Speaker BOEHNER . 
The President says: That would be the normal thing that I would prefer to do, but we are not in a normal atmosphere around here when it comes to ObamaCare. We did have the executive authority to do so—by doing so, he means waiving parts of the Affordable Care Act—and we did so. 
that the Bush administration was overstepping its bounds as the executive, failing to either veto a law or pass a law, failing to recognize the separation of powers, Mr. Speaker. The President recognized that when he was a United States Senator. He recognized that while he was on the campaign trail, but when he was sworn into the office of President of the United States of America, upholder and defender of the United States Constitution, he says: 
What I would have liked to have done was 
follow the law. What I would have liked to have done was to contact the Speaker and try to change the law, but we are not in normal circumstances around here. So I just did it myself. I had the authority, and I did it myself. 
Mr. Speaker, that was one press conference in August of 2013, but the list goes on. I am not having this conversation today to pick on the President of the United States, not this President of the United States in particular, but something happens when you have all 
of the power and the responsibility that is vested in the White House—it happened to President Bush; it has happened to President Obama—where 
you say: I have all of this responsibility, and I am just going to do it. As long as the ends are correct, the means don’t matter. 
That is not okay. It is not okay for 
any of us, Republican or Democrat. You may like the way that goes today. As a Republican, we may have liked it when President Bush was doing it. As a Democrat, you might like it when President Obama is doing it. 
But it is not the right way to run 
this country, and it is dangerous—dangerous—to the folks who actually hold the power, and that is each individual citizen of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, as one minor example. The individual mandate delay said every American must go out and buy health insurance. Well, the plans weren’t available. 
prime time. We all knew it wasn’t going to work. The President knew it wasn’t going to work. 
two bills, not three bills, but four different bills to fix the individual mandate. These were not Republican bills. These were bipartisan bills. 
But the President, in the press conference that we talked about from August 2013, decided by himself to act unilaterally to change the law. It wasn’t that Congress wouldn’t do it. Congress wanted to do it. 
No. I don’t want to work with Congress to 
do it. I am going to do it on my own. 
He didn’t just do it in October of 2013. 
He waived it again in March 2014 and again in February 2015, all on the one very specific section of the individual mandate. 
Constitution requires that we work together. The Constitution requires that the law either be followed or be changed. 
through Congress, have to be signed by the President. In the case of Barack Obama, neither happened. 
Speaker, again, it is not that the House didn’t want to deal with this issue. As you recall, the employers were not ready for this. 
idea. The White House knew this wasn’t going to work. The Congress knew this wasn’t going to work. 
And so the House, of which I was a 
Member at that time, didn’t just come up with a bill. We passed a bill. There wasn’t just one bill. 
and Senate bills—to solve this problem that the White House knew existed, that Congress knew existed, and that the American people knew existed. But the President didn’t work with 
Congress. He went off and acted alone in July of 2013, waiving it once, and in February of 2014, waiving it again. Where is the outcry? Not the outcry over the policy, but the outcry over the process. 
country, Mr. Speaker, that you and I may agree with the ends. But if the means are not the correct means, we have to stand up and say no. 
Any American who works in manufacturing knows that, if you have a flawed process, you are going to produce a flawed product. 
when we are talking about protecting individual liberty. But Americans have become so frustrated, Mr. Speaker. 
Washington, D.C., as either being inept or ineffective, intransigent, not able to work together, not able to move things forward. They have come to a place where they say the ends justify the means. It is a dangerous place to be. 
Mr. Speaker, going back to the Affordable Care Act, ‘‘The renewal of noncompliant plans’’ is the headline I have here. I am sure you remember that from May, Mr. Speaker. 
These were the plans that the President said are so bad, they are so damaging to American families, we have got to outlaw them. If you have one of these plans, we are going to outlaw these plans, because they are unworthy of Americans. 
that part of the law to go into effect, it turns out there was a reason these plans existed: because folks couldn’t afford more of an insurance policy than that. They needed these plans. 
We know this isn’t going to work. We know 
this part of the law is flawed. We have to fix it. 
bills to solve the problem. The President acted alone, first in November of 2013, then in March of 2014, waiving the law, saying: 
I advocated for this law. I signed this law. 
I made this language the law of the land. But now I don’t like it. Rather than seeking a solution from Congress—which Congress had— I am going to act alone. 
Act, Mr. Speaker, the penalty waivers where you were going to be fined. If you didn’t do what the law said you were supposed to do, you were going to be fined by the law. That wasn’t going to work. 
Americans to follow the law. The paperwork trail, as you know, is amazingly burdensome. Folks could not comply with the law. 
The White House knew it. The Congress knew it. The American people know it. That is why we had not one bill, not two bills, not three bills, but four bills, not just in the House, but in 
the House and Senate, not just Republicans, but bipartisan bills to solve that problem. 
the Congress. The President didn’t call the Speaker. The President went and acted alone, first in January 2015, again in February 2015. 
argue about the results of what the President did. I supported this legislation to achieve all of the goals that the President achieved by acting alone. But the President cannot write the law. The Congress must write the law. 
as the House of Representatives—we, as the American people, cannot support a President amassing all of that authority to do whatever that President likes alone. 
knew it. James Madison knew it. They worked throughout the summer of 1787 to prevent it from ever taking root here in America. If we fail to keep watch, it is going to be on our watch that those liberties slip away. 
Bush. Because it makes me sad, Mr. Speaker, that when we try to have a conversation where we are critical of the White House, it sounds like we are just picking on a President that is not of our party. Nonsense. 
Of course that goes on. I am just saying that is not where we are today. So I want to take it back to President Bush one more time. 
President Bush worked on immigration reform. Goodness knows we need immigration reform. I support immigration reform. We have a system that is broken. 
here. Folks who shouldn’t be here are able to get here. Anyway, it is a problem and challenge that America has been facing not just this year, not last year, but for decades. 
Legal immigration is one of the top concerns of the American people. And Congress’ failure to act on it is a disappointment. 
status quo is unacceptable when it comes to our immigration laws. A lot of us worked hard to see if we couldn’t find common ground, but it didn’t work. 
immigration reform, chastised Congress for not acting on immigration reform, championing the cause, asking for Congress to do more, but understanding what his limitations are. 
With respect to the notion that I can just 
suspend deportations through an executive order, that is just not the case, because there are laws on the books that Congress has. 
deportations and what is going on with immigration law and why won’t Congress move forward, the President says: 
The notion that I can just suspend deportations just isn’t the case because there are laws that govern deportations. President Obama, October 2010: 
I am President. I am not king. I can’t do 
these things just by myself. We have a system of government that requires the Congress to work with the executive branch to make it happen. 
President Obama shortly after he became President. These are the sentiments of President Obama echoing the sentiments of thenSenator Obama when he said there is a way that this government is supposed to run and it takes all three branches to make it happen. Nobody can do it alone. 
going to solve this problem. Anybody who tells you it is going to be easy or that I can just waive a magic wand and make it happen hasn’t been paying attention to how this town works. 
He knows that it has to be a collaborative effort in order to change the law. 
community who have argued passionately that we should simply provide those who are here illegally with legal status or at least ignore the laws on the books and put an end to deportations until we have better laws. 
Can’t you just ignore the laws? If you can’t 
ignore the laws, won’t you just put deportations on hold? 
I believe that such an indiscriminate approach would be both unwise and unfair. It would suggest to those thinking about coming here illegally that there will be no repercussions for such a decision, and this could lead to a surge in more illegal immigration. 
conversation than what the President was talking about a little earlier? 
No, I can’t do this because it is against the 
law. No, I can’t do this because the Constitution doesn’t give me these powers. No, I can’t do this because that is not what a President in the United States of America is allowed to do. 
change. What I just read to you, Mr. Speaker, was a quote about policy: 
Well, I just don’t think it is a good 
It is not it is illegal, not it is unconstitutional to do it. 
I just don’t think it is a good idea to do it. 
Mr. Speaker, fastforward to November of last year. The President talked about his unilateral actions to suspend deportations, exactly as he said years earlier he was not allowed to do under the law. 
they’re the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican President, every single Democratic President of the past halfcentury. 
question my authority to make our immigration system work better or question the wisdom of me acting where Congress has 
I want to work with both parties to pass a 
more permanent legislative solution. And the day I sign that bill into law, the actions I take today will no longer be necessary. 
Congress to do, but they didn’t. It didn’t. So I’m going to do it myself. I have said that I couldn’t. I said it was illegal to do. But I have rethought it. I now think it is perfectly legal to do, and I’m going to do it. But goods news, Congress, good news, American people. As soon as Congress does do what I want it to do, I’m going to stop doing what I’m not allowed to do. 
Where was the outcry? Not the outcry over the policy, Mr. Speaker. The outcry over the process. We heard the outcry from Democrats when President Bush was overreaching. We heard the outcry from Republicans as President Obama has been overreaching. 
But where is the outcry from America that says: 
wisdom in what John Adams and James Madison had to say. You know what? There might just be some merit to this whole separation of powers, checks and balances idea. You know what? Perhaps the ends don’t justify the means. Let’s stick with constitutional authority. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not just a congressional or an executive branch issue. I quote Jonathan Turley, law professor, one of the eminent constitutional scholars of our time. 
Our government requires consent and compromise to function. It goes without saying that, when we are politically divided as a Nation, less tends to get done. 
it alone, as President Obama has suggested. You have only two choices in our system when facing political adversaries. You can either seek to convince them or you can replace them. 
about Constitution Day yesterday, Mr. Speaker, that is pretty powerful. 
have two options. We can either change one another’s minds or we can replace the people that we put in authority to make those decisions. 
This is obviously frustrating for our Presidents and their supporters who want to see real change and to transcend gridlock. However, there is nothing noble in circumventing the Constitution. The claim of any one person that they can get the job done unilaterally is the very siren’s call that our Framers warned us to resist. 
the job done alone, Mr. Speaker, is the siren’s call that our framers warned us to respect. Jonathan Turley continues: 
It is certainly true that the Framers expected much from us, but no more than they demanded from themselves. 
changes. Headline of the Washington Post, ‘‘President Obama’s Unilateral Action on Immigration Has No Precedent.’’ February of this year, headline, ‘‘Federal Judge Blocks Obama’s Executive Actions on Immigration.’’ 
Mr. Speaker. If Congress passes a law and the President signs a law and that law is unconstitutional, that is the issue for the courts. The issue of whether or not we want Presidents to be able to amass all the power so that they can get the job done alone is not an issue for the courts. It is an issue for every single one of us as citizens. 
Mr. Speaker, I went through the Affordable Care Act. I went through immigration. It is not like the list is short. 
the climate change bill when Democrats had complete control of the U.S. House and the United States Senate and the White House the first 2 years of President Obama’s first term? They worked and worked and worked and worked and worked to pass a climate change bill. They couldn’t do it. It was rejected in a bipartisan way on Capitol Hill. 
last month, August, 2015, ‘‘What You Need to Know About Obama’s Biggest Global Warming Move Yet, His Clean Power Plan.’’ This is an editorial from Laurence Tribe, another constitutional law professor recognized by absolutely everyone on both sides of the aisle for his knowledge. I would tell you he is not a particularly conservative law professor. I would tell you that he stands with my liberal friends more often than he stands with my conservative friends. 
But he is not talking about liberalism. He is not talking about conservatism. He is not talking about public policy. He is talking about constitutional law, and he says this: 
first environmental law class 45 years ago; and as a lawyer, I have supported countless environmental causes. And as a father and grandfather, I want to leave the Earth in better shape than when I arrived. 
All of his policy goals support the environment, support those causes—want to leave the Earth in better shape than I found it. He says: 
with the Environmental Protection Agency urging the Agency to withdraw its Clean Power Plan, a regulatory proposal to reduce carbon emissions from the Nation’s electric power plants. In my view, coping with climate change is a vital end. 
problem that the President aims to solve is a vital end. 
and women in this Chamber who rise to their feet to cheer the causes that they support. I admire the men and women in this Chamber who do the right 
thing, even when it is hard to do so. 
stand up to their party leadership when it is hard to do so. I admire the men and women who put their obligation to their constituents above their obligation to party, who put their obligation to the Constitution above their passions for the direction of public policy. 
class 45 years ago. Coping with climate change is a vital end, but it does not justify using unconstitutional means. 
every administrative agency, is constitutionally forbidden to exercise powers Congress never delegated in the first place. 
The brute fact is that the Obama administration failed to get climate legislation through Congress, yet the EPA is acting as though it has the legislative authority to reengineer the Nation’s electric generating system and power grid. It does not. 
this case litigated, and nine men and women in black robes across the street are going to decide this issue. And we know how they are going to decide this issue. 
My fear is not that we are not going 
to get the right decision. We are. This isn’t our first rodeo here, Mr. Speaker. Remember the recess appointments from January 2012, where the President stood, and he was giving a speech in a high school in Ohio. He was giving a speech to high school students, and he went and he told the tale, Mr. Speaker, of how there was gridlock in Washington, D.C. He told the tale of how he wanted to get the people’s business done and how Congress was standing in the way. 
about how there was gridlock in Congress, there were boos in the crowd. Every time he spoke up and said, ‘‘But don’t worry, I’m going to go it alone,’’ there was applause throughout the crowd. 
Our students who are studying constitutional principles today, our students who are being trained to be that next generation of leader, that citizen who sits on the board of directors of the United States of America, 330 million of us, stood and applauded when the President said Congress won’t do it, so I will do it without them. 
Speaker. He was criticized by Republicans. He went right ahead and did what he said he would do. He brought out a legal memorandum that still sits on the Justice Department Web site outlining why it was absolutely permissible to do what he was doing, even though the Constitution clearly said it was not. 
Supreme Court, Mr. Speaker. It was the NLRB v. Noel Canning case, and it was decided 9–0. 
appointed by President Reagan, you told President Obama that he was violating the law. If you were a Supreme Court Justice appointed by President Clinton, you told President Obama he was violating the law. It does not matter whether you were a Clinton, Reagan, Bush, or even Obama appointee, nominee to the Supreme Court. Every single one of them agreed that the President overstepped his bounds. 
My question, Mr. Speaker, is: You remember that spring of 2012, but how many American citizens do, those cheering high school students in Ohio, that campaign stop at a high school auditorium to say, I’m going to go it alone. Do they remember when nine Supreme Court Justices said: No, you won’t; no, you won’t. 
Where does it stop, Mr. Speaker? Congress says: No, you won’t. Congress says: This is our responsibility. The President says: You are not getting it done my way; I’m going to go it alone. So it goes to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court says, unanimously: No, Mr. President, you are not going to go it alone. 
executive branch ignoring the coequal branch of the government that is the legislature and the executive branch ignoring the coequal branch of government that is the Federal courts. 
It is not a Republican burden or a Democratic burden. It is an American burden. 
Committee, Mr. Speaker. You know the Oversight Committee here on Capitol Hill. It has jurisdiction over absolutely everything, and its job is to make sure the executive branch is doing what the executive branch is supposed to do. 
Committee because I thought Mitt Romney was going to win the last election, and I wanted to be the guy who said to the next Republican President: No, Mr. President, you can’t do that. We are Article I of the Constitution; you are Article II of the Constitution. There is a process here, and process matters. 
election, so we are doing oversight over the Obama administration; and every single legitimate issue the Oversight Committee took up, headlines in the papers about just political hacks going after their political opposition. It is not true, and it is too important to dismiss in that way. 
The accumulation of all powers, legislative, executive, and judiciary, in the same hands, whether of one or few or many, and whether hereditary, selfappointed or elective, may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny. 
left in the White House, Mr. Speaker. I am not here to talk about President Obama. I am here to talk about our responsibility as 435 Members of the 
House. I am here to talk about America’s responsibility as 330 million individual members of America’s board of directors. 
justify the means? Hold Republicans accountable for not standing up to President Bush. Hold Democrats accountable for not standing up to President Obama. Hold your friends and your neighbors and your coworkers accountable if you hear them say the ends justify the means. 
these times were. We can only imagine the summer of 1787 as the entire future of the Republic hung in the balance. We can only imagine 1776 when we were declaring our freedom from the world’s largest superpower. We can only imagine what it meant to sign our name on a document pledging our lives, our fortunes, and our families’ lives to the cause. 
And as they grappled with those decisions in 1776, in 1787, they knew one thing with certainty: having all of the power accumulate anywhere, with anyone, was a threat to individual liberties and freedoms. 
lot of public policy, and I welcome him to come down here to Congress and advocate for it; and if you get the votes in this body and you get the votes across the way and you beat me on public policy, fair and square. That is the way it is supposed to be. But when any one of us decides that our priorities, our policy preferences, are so important that the Constitution takes a backseat, we are not long for this form of government, this greatest experiment the world has ever known in self governance. 
Mr. Speaker. It is easy to talk about environmental policy. It is easy to talk about water policy. The list goes on and on and on. What is hard is changing that policy, and it is deliberately so. It is deliberately so. 
As the Courts have taken these challenges on, Mr. Speaker, 9–0, reining in the President from his overreach. And in that 9–0 case, Noel Canning, just 2 years ago, the Supreme Court said this: 
what they were arguing about at the time— is not designed to overcome serious institutional friction. It simply provides a subsidiary method for appointing officials when the Senate is away during a recess. 
warming, health care, water policy, on and on and on, here, as in other contexts, friction between the branches is an inevitable consequence of our constitutional structure. 
home to your constituents, as townhall meeting after townhall meeting after townhall meeting talks about the gridlock in Washington, D.C. Friction between the branches is an inevitable consequence of our constitutional structure. We must celebrate that friction, Mr. Speaker. We have two ways to change policy 
in this country: You can either change your neighbor’s mind, or you can replace your delegate to office. Changing minds and changing people are the only two methods we have in this country. It is the consequence of our constitutional structure. 
I do not fear gridlock. I am not concerned that we cannot find a pathway forward. I do fear one man, one group, one party having all of the control. 
process that our Founders put in place to keep us safe for generations to come. 
as Constitution Day has just passed, in celebrating the wisdom in that summer of 1787 and committing ourselves—Republicans and Democrats alike, House Members and Senate Members alike— to ensuring that policy does not trump process, to ensure that we get to where all of America wants us to be, but that we get there the right way, not just because it matters, but because that is what the Constitution and the law requires. 
RATCLIFFE ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I have a special guest with me tonight, my son Joshua, who was allowed the privileges of the floor. He has given me a speech tonight, and I appreciate it very much. 
America is an exceptional Nation whose unique core premise is that declared conviction that we are all created equal and that each of us is endowed by our Creator with the unalienable right to live. 
us in this Chamber and beyond to remember those words of the Founding Fathers and ‘‘their enlightened belief that nothing stamped with the divine image and likeness was sent into the world to be trodden on or degraded and imbruted by its fellows.’’ 
He reminded those he called posterity that ‘‘when in the distant future some man, some factions, some interests should set up a doctrine that some were not entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness that ‘their posterity’’’—that is us, Mr. Speaker— ‘‘that their posterity might look up again to the Declaration of Independence and take courage to renew the battle which their fathers began.’’ 
the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act that we voted on today is to renew that noble battle, to respect and protect those little fellow human 
beings among us who are at this moment being trodden on and degraded and imbruted by their fellows. 
Not long ago, in the land of the free 
and the home of the brave, authorities entered the clinic of Dr. Kermit Gosnell and found a torture chamber for little bornalive babies that defies description within the constraints of the English language. 
said, ‘‘Dr. Kermit Gosnell had a simple solution for unwanted babies: he killed them. He didn’t call it that. He called it ‘ensuring fetal demise.’ The way he ensured fetal demise was by sticking scissors in the back of the baby’s neck and cutting the spinal cord. He called it ‘snipping.’ Over the years, there were hundreds of ’snippings.’’’ 
employees, said she saw babies breathing and that she described one as 2 feet long that no longer had eyes or a mouth, but, in her words, was making like this ‘‘screeching’’ noise and that it ‘‘sounded like a little alien.’’ 
Now, in recent days, Mr. Speaker, numerous video recordings have been released that demonstrate to the world that Kermit Gosnell is just the tip of the iceberg of the abortion industry’s unspeakable cruelty to these little babies. 
Mr. Speaker, and all of us now see behind the walls of the abortion industry and the horrifying plight of its little human victims who, we must not forget, are also the least of these, our little brothers and sisters. 
Our response, as a people and a nation, to these horrors shown in these videos is vital to everything those lying out in Arlington National Cemetery died to save. 
Before any Senator, Mr. Speaker, decides to join a Democrat filibuster in the Senate against legislation that 
would protect little bornalive human babies, I hope they ask of themselves one question in the core of their own souls: Is filibustering against a bill to protect bornalive human babies from a torturous death at the hands of monsters like Kermit Gosnell who I truly am? 
has been attacked by President Obama and even others because of the many obvious similarities these bornalive children have with lateterm, paincapable, unborn children. 
child, but she was born alive and she survived. As hard as it is to consider that that could happen, she did. 
President Obama explained his reasons for voting four times—Mr. Speaker, let me say that again. President Obama explained his reasons for voting four times against the BornAlive Infants Protection Act, which would have protected children born alive. 
alive babies personhood under the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment. 
the Equal Protection Clause does not allow somebody to kill a child. And if this is a child, then this would be an antiabortion statute. 
It is impossible to deny that President Obama had a very sad and ironic, if also completely merciless, point. 
Indeed, it does require enormous deliberate selfdeception to say that those who deliberately kill a child who 
is born alive after 5 months of pregnancy are guilty of murder and deserve prison, but those who deliberately kill the same exact paincapable child at the same exact age and development, but are not yet born—those individuals are merely furthering freedom of choice and should actually get paid for doing it. 
Speaker. The BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act that we voted on today and passed out of this Chamber protects little children who have been born alive. 
to make themselves or convince others to be, no one can truly obscure the humanity and personhood of these little bornalive children of God, nor can they take refuge within the schizophrenic paradox Roe v. Wade to which this country has been subjected for now more than 40 years. 
all these decades to convince the world that born children and unborn children should be completely separated in our minds, that while born children are persons worthy of protection, unborn children, on the other hand, are not persons and are not worthy of protection. 
this bill today or those who might oppose it in the Senate that protects bornalive children now have the impossible task of trying to rejoin born children and unborn children back together again and then trying to convince us all that to condemn them both as inhuman and not worthy of protection after all is the thing to do. 
invincibly hardened their heart and soul to this absurd inconsistency, there 
is an opportunity for a profoundly enlightening moment because, you see, Mr. Speaker, this country has faced such paradox and selfimposed blindness and heartlessness before. 
rules banned any discussion or debate in this Chamber about the effort to end human slavery in America. But, Mr. Speaker, that debate did come. 
humanity of the victims and the inhumanity of what was being done to them became so glaring that even the hardest of hearts began to see the truth, and it moved an entire generation of people to find the compassion and the courage within their own souls to change their position. And now to this generation, Mr. Speaker, that time has come again. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
SEPTEMBER 18, 2015, TO TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 2015; AND ADJOURNMENT FROM TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 2015, TO THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 2015 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourns to meet at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, September 22, 2015; and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet at 8:30 a.m. on Thursday, September 24, 2015. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on account of 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. THORNBERRY , 
THORNBERRY , on Wednesday, September 16, 2015, announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 230. An act to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska. 
S. 501. An act to make technical corrections to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 11 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, September 22, 2015, at 4 p.m. 
Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the following Members executed the oath for access to classified information: Ralph Lee Abraham, Alma S. Adams, Robert B. Aderholt, Pete Aguilar, Rick W. Allen, Justin Amash, Mark E. Amodei, Brad Ashford, Brian Babin, Lou Barletta, Andy Barr, Joe Barton, Karen Bass, Joyce Beatty, Xavier Becerra, Dan Benishek, Ami Bera, Donald S. Beyer, Jr., Gus M. Bilirakis, Mike Bishop, Rob Bishop, Sanford D. Bishop, Jr., Diane Black, Marsha Blackburn, Rod Blum, Earl Blumenauer, John A. Boehner, Suzanne Bonamici, Madeleine Z. Bordallo, Mike Bost, Charles W. Boustany, Jr., Brendan F. Boyle, Kevin Brady, Robert A. Brady, Dave Brat, Jim Bridenstine, Mo Brooks, Susan W. Brooks, Corrine Brown, Julia Brownley, Vern Buchanan, Ken Buck, Larry Bucshon, Michael C. Burgess, Cheri Bustos, G. K. Butterfield, Bradley Byrne, Ken Calvert, Lois Capps, Michael E. Capuano, Tony Ca´rdenas, John C. Carney, Jr., Andre ´Carson, 
Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter, John R. Carter, Matt Cartwright, Kathy Castor, Joaquin Castro, Steve Chabot, Jason Chaffetz, Judy Chu, David N. Cicilline, Katherine M. Clark, Yvette D. Clarke, Curt Clawson, Wm. Lacy Clay, Emanuel Cleaver, James E. Clyburn, Mike Coffman, Steve Cohen, Tom Cole, Chris Collins, Doug Collins, Barbara Comstock, K. Michael Conaway, Gerald E. Connolly, John Conyers, Jr., Paul Cook, Jim Cooper, Jim Costa, Ryan A. Costello, Joe Courtney, Kevin Cramer, Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’ Crawford, Ander Crenshaw, Joseph Crowley, Henry Cuellar, John Abney Culberson, Elijah E. Cummings, Carlos Curbelo, Danny K. Davis, Rodney Davis, Susan A. Davis, Peter A. DeFazio, Diana DeGette, John K. Delaney, Rosa L. DeLauro, Suzan K. DelBene, Jeff Denham, Charles W. Dent, Ron DeSantis, Mark DeSaulnier, Scott DesJarlais, Theodore E. Deutch, Mario DiazBalart, Debbie Dingell, Lloyd Doggett, Robert J. Dold, Daniel M. Donovan, Jr., Michael F. Doyle, Tammy Duckworth, Sean P. Duffy, Jeff Duncan, John J. Duncan, Jr., Donna F. Edwards, Keith Ellison, Renee L. Ellmers, Tom Emmer, Eliot L. Engel, Anna G. Eshoo, Elizabeth H. Esty, Blake Farenthold, Sam Farr, Chaka Fattah, Stephen Lee Fincher, Michael G. Fitzpatrick, Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’ Fleischmann, John Fleming, Bill Flores, J. Randy Forbes, Jeff Fortenberry, Bill Foster, Virginia Foxx, Lois Frankel, Trent Franks, Rodney P. Frelinghuysen, Marcia L. Fudge, Tulsi Gabbard, Ruben Gallego, John Garamendi, Scott Garrett, Bob Gibbs, Christopher P. Gibson, Louie Gohmert, Bob Goodlatte, Paul A. Gosar, Trey Gowdy, Gwen Graham, Kay Granger, Garret Graves, Sam Graves, Tom Graves, Alan Grayson, Al Green, Gene Green, H. Morgan Griffith, Rau ´l 
M. Grijalva, Glenn Grothman, Frank C. Guinta, Brett Guthrie, Luis V. Gutie ´rrez, 
Janice Hahn, Richard L. Hanna, Cresent Hardy, Gregg Harper, Andy Harris, Vicky Hartzler, Alcee L. Hastings, Denny Heck, Joseph J. Heck, Jeb Hensarling, Jaime Herrera Beutler, Jody B. Hice, Brian Higgins, J. French Hill, James A. Himes, Rube ´n Hinojosa, George Holding, Michael M. Honda, Steny H. Hoyer, Richard Hudson, Tim Huelskamp, Jared Huffman, Bill Huizenga, Randy Hultgren, Duncan Hunter, Will Hurd, Robert Hurt, Steve Israel, Darrell E. Issa, Sheila Jackson Lee, Hakeem S. Jeffries, Evan H. Jenkins, Lynn Jenkins, Bill Johnson, Eddie Bernice Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr., Sam Johnson, David W. Jolly, Walter B. Jones, Jim Jordan, David P. Joyce, Marcy Kaptur, John Katko, William R. Keating, Mike Kelly, Robin L. Kelly, Trent Kelly, Joseph P. Kennedy III, Daniel T. Kildee, Derek Kilmer, Ron Kind, Peter T. King, Steve King, Adam Kinzinger, Ann Kirkpatrick, John Kline, Stephen Knight, Ann M. Kuster, Rau ´l R. Labrador, Darin 
LaHood, Doug LaMalfa, Doug Lamborn, Leonard Lance, James R. Langevin, Rick 
Brenda L. Lawrence, Barbara Lee, Sander M. Levin, John Lewis, Ted Lieu, Daniel Lipinski, Frank A. LoBiondo, David Loebsack, Zoe Lofgren, Billy Long, Barry Loudermilk, Mia B. Love, Alan S. Lowenthal, Nita M. Lowey, Frank D. Lucas, Blaine Luetkemeyer, Ben Ray Luja ´n, Michelle Lujan Grisham, Cynthia M. Lummis, Stephen F. Lynch, Thomas MacArthur, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Patrick Maloney, Kenny Marchant, Tom Marino, Thomas Massie, Doris O. Matsui, Kevin McCarthy, Michael T. McCaul, Tom McClintock, Betty McCollum, James P. McGovern, Patrick T. McHenry, David B. McKinley, Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Jerry McNerney, Martha McSally, Mark Meadows, Patrick Meehan, Gregory W. Meeks, Grace Meng, Luke Messer, John L. Mica, Candice S. Miller, Jeff Miller, John R. Moolenaar, Alexander X. Mooney, Gwen Moore, Seth Moulton, Markwayne Mullin, Mick Mulvaney, Patrick Murphy, Tim Murphy, Jerrold Nadler, Grace F. Napolitano, Richard E. Neal, Randy Neugebauer, Dan Newhouse, Kristi L. Noem, Richard M. Nolan, Donald Norcross, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Richard B. Nugent, Devin Nunes, Alan Nunnelee*, Pete Olson, Beto O’Rourke, Steven M. Palazzo, Frank Pallone, Jr., Gary J. Palmer, Bill Pascrell, Jr., Erik Paulsen, Donald M. Payne, Jr., Stevan Pearce, Nancy Pelosi, Ed Perlmutter, Scott Perry, Scott H. Peters, Collin C. Peterson, Pedro R. Pierluisi, Chellie Pingree, Robert Pittenger, Joseph R. Pitts, Stacey E. Plaskett, Mark Pocan, Ted Poe, Bruce Poliquin, Jared Polis, Mike Pompeo, Bill Posey, David E. Price, Tom Price, Mike Quigley, Amata Coleman Radewagen, Charles B. Rangel, John Ratcliffe, Tom Reed, David G. Reichert, James B. Renacci, Reid J. Ribble, Kathleen M. Rice, Tom Rice, Cedric L. Richmond, E. Scott Rigell, Martha Roby, David P. Roe, Harold Rogers, Mike Rogers, Dana Rohrabacher, Todd Rokita, Thomas J. Rooney, Peter J. Roskam, Ileana RosLehtinen, Dennis A. Ross, Keith J. Rothfus, David Rouzer, Lucille RoybalAllard, Edward R. Royce, Raul Ruiz, C. A. Dutch Ruppersberger, Bobby L. Rush, Steve Russell, Paul Ryan, Tim Ryan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan, Matt Salmon, Linda T. Sa ´nchez, Loretta Sanchez, 
Mark Sanford, John P. Sarbanes, Steve Scalise, Janice D. Schakowsky, Adam B. Schiff, Aaron Schock*, Kurt Schrader, David Schweikert, Austin Scott, David Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott, F. James Sensenbrenner, Jr., Jose ´E. Serrano, Pete Sessions, 
Terri A. Sewell, Brad Sherman, John Shimkus, Bill Shuster, Michael K. Simpson, 
Kyrsten Sinema, Albio Sires, Louise McIntosh Slaughter, Adam Smith, Adrian Smith, Christopher H. Smith, Jason Smith, Lamar Smith, Jackie Speier, Elise M. Stefanik, Chris Stewart, Steve Stivers, Marlin A. Stutzman, Eric Swalwell, Mark Takai, Mark Takano, Bennie G. Thompson, Glenn Thompson, Mike Thompson, Mac Thornberry, Patrick J. Tiberi, Scott R. Tipton, Dina Titus, Paul Tonko, Norma J. Torres, David A. Trott, Niki Tsongas, Michael R. Turner, Fred Upton, David G. Valadao, Chris Van Hollen, Juan Vargas, Marc A. Veasey, Filemon Vela, Nydia M. Vela ´zquez, Peter J. 
Visclosky, Ann Wagner, Tim Walberg, Greg Walden, Mark Walker, Jackie Walorski, Mimi Walters, Timothy J. Walz, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Maxine Waters, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Randy K. Weber, Sr., Daniel Webster, Peter Welch, Brad R. Wenstrup, Bruce Westerman, Lynn A. Westmoreland, Ed Whitfield, Roger Williams, Frederica S. Wilson, Joe Wilson, Robert J. Wittman, Steve Womack, Rob Woodall, John A. Yarmuth, Kevin Yoder, Ted S. Yoho, David Young, Don Young, Todd C. Young, Lee M. Zeldin, Ryan K. Zinke EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2844. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing ten United States Marine Corps officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, as indicated, in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s modification of 
fishing seasons — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial, Recreational, and Treaty Indian Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #16 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
and Government Reform. S. 136. An act to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or deceased veterans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service (Rept. 114–263). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. H.R. 3089. A bill to close out expired grants, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–264). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 692. A bill to ensure the payment of interest and principal of the debt of the United States (Rept. 114–265). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of protecting our national parks’ natural, historic, and cultural resources for present and future generations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Stability Act of 2010 to require the Financial Stability Oversight Council to hold open meetings and comply with the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, to provide additional improvements to the Council, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
CROWLEY , Mr. R USH, Mr. B ENISHEK , 
H.R. 3558. A bill to provide for the issuance 
of a forever stamp to honor the sacrifices of the brave men and women of the Armed Forces who are still prisoner, missing, or unaccounted for, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , and Mr. H UFFMAN ): 
standards of disclosure by franchises whose franchisees use loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3560. A bill to provide for the conveyance of certain land to Washington County, Utah, to authorize the exchange of Federal land and nonFederal land in the State of Utah, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to exclude certain marijuanarelated offenses from the drugrelated offenses that result in students being barred from receiving Federal educational loans, grants, and work assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3562. A bill to prohibit the pay of 
Members of Congress during periods in which a Government shutdown is in effect, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. B RAT, 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. A MASH , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. G OHMERT ): 
traffic of unpasteurized milk and milk products that are packaged for direct human consumption; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. G RIFFITH , 
Mr. R IGELL , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. B RAT, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
H.R. 3564. A bill to prohibit Federal interference with the interstate traffic of unpasteurized milk and milk products that are packaged for direct human consumption; 
H.R. 3565. A bill to expand the boundary of 
the California Coastal National Monument, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
New York, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCANof South Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of 
Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. W ILSONof South Carolina, Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S MITH of Texas, 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. H ARRIS , and 
H.R. 3566. A bill to prohibit an alien who is 
not in a lawful immigration status in the United States from being eligible for postsecondary education benefits that are not available to all citizens and nationals of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3567. A bill to repeal the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3568. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the authority of the Internal Revenue Service to require truncated social security numbers on Form W2 wage and tax statements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
General to establish a ‘‘Good Neighbor‘‘ code of conduct for federally licensed firearms dealers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3570. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide incentives for education in the areas of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
himself, Mr. GIBSON , and Mr. T ONKO ): 
H.R. 3571. A bill to extend and modify certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 relating to fuel cells and hydrogen; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Security Act of 2002 to reform, streamline, and make improvements to the Department of Homeland Security and support the Department’s efforts to implement better policy, planning, management, and performance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
and Nationality Act to require the enactment into law of a joint resolution approving the number of refugees who may be admitted in any fiscal year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3574. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage hiring unemployed individuals; to the Committee on 
H.R. 3575. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to deny tax exemption to organizations which violate the Federal prohibitions regarding human fetal tissue; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
accountability, and community engagement within U.S. Customs and Border Protection, provide independent oversight of border security activities, improve training for U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents and officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
H.R. 3577. A bill to amend title 44, United 
States Code, to restrict the printing and distribution of paper copies of Congressional documents; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Security Act of 2002 to strengthen and make improvements to the Directorate of Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. T HOMP SONof California): 
H.R. 3579. A bill to amend section 5542 of 
title 5, United States Code, to provide that any hours worked by Federal firefighters under a qualified tradeoftime arrangement shall be excluded for purposes of determinations relating to overtime pay; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 3580. A bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a continuing medical education program for nonDepartment medical professionals who treat veterans and family members of veterans to increase knowledge and recognition of medical conditions common to veterans and family members of veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3581. A bill to require full funding of 
part A of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3582. A bill to support the development, implementation, and evaluation of innovative strategies and methods to increase outofschool access to digital learning resources for eligible students in order to increase student and educator engagement; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H. Con. Res. 78. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the President in consultation with the Department of the Treasury should apply economic sanctions against Chinese businesses and stateowned enterprises that can be linked to cyberattacks against United States entities; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. M OONEY  
CHABOT , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. H ARRIS , 
Mr. F LORES , and Mr. C ULBERSON ): 
President to declare a National Day of Prayer to end targeted violence against law enforcement officers and schedule appropriate public events in support of such a day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
WITTMAN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
sense of the House of Representatives in disapproval of the Senate’s modern filibuster rule; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for himself and Mr. ROONEY of Florida): 
for designating of February 2016 as ‘‘National Spine Ability Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
of the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 19, urging the Congress of the United States to enact legislation allowing immigrants to serve in the military if they are eligible under the President’s Executive Order for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or Executive Order for Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and the Judiciary. 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 18, urging the Congress of the United States to support H.R. 167, the federal Wildlife Disaster Funding Act; ; jointly to the Committees on the Budget, Agriculture, and Natural Resources. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3556. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; 
H.R. 3557. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and within the Indian Tribes’’) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’). 
H.R. 3558. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 3559. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3560. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ 
H.R. 3561. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3562. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress can determine salaries and compensation of Members of Congress under Article 1, Section 6 of the US Constitution. 
H.R. 3563. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution gives Congress the power to regulate commerce among the States, and therefore grants Congress the power to prevent federal agencies from interfering with citizens’ ability to purchase, sell, or distribute unpasteurized milk across state lines. 
H.R. 3564. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution gives Congress the power to regulate commerce among the States, and therefore grants Congress the power to prevent federal agencies from interfering with citizens’ ability to purchase, sell, or distribute unpasteurized milk across state lines. 
H.R. 3565. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 3566. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 (the Naturalization Clause) and Section 5 of Amendment XIV (the Enforcement Clause). In Oregon v. Mitchell, the Supreme Court declared that Congress may ban state actions that violate the Fourteenth Amendment Furthermore, in the Chamber of Commerce v. Whiting and Cox v. Shalala, the Supreme Court found that state laws are preempted if they conflict with federal law. 
H.R. 3567. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
authorized as necessary and proper (Article I, Section 8, Clause 18) for carrying into execution Congress’ power to ‘‘provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States’’ (Article I, Section 8, Clause 1) in the form of expenditures associated with federal credit programs. Regardless, Congress has the power to repeal existing statutes whether or not they were passed pursuant to the Constitution’s enumerated powers. 
H.R. 3568. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3569. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3570. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 3571. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3572. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3573. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power To . . . establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization . . .’’ 
H.R. 3574. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3575. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. 
H.R. 3576. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof 
H.R. 3577. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3578. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3579. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution under the General Welfare Clause. 
H.R. 3580. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3581. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Clause 1 of 
Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3582. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 576: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 662: Mr. C LEAVER and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 713: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 842: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and Mr. 
H.R. 879: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. T ROTT , and Mrs. 
H.R. 932: Mr. S ERRANO and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 963: Mr. C LAYand Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 969: Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
H.R. 1220: Ms. S INEMA , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, and Mr. S HUSTER . H.R. 1222: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 1312: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. H INOJOSA , and 
H.R. 1464: Mr. G RIJALVA and Ms. R OYBAL  
H.R. 1475: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and Mr. 
H.R. 1546: Mr. P AYNE , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1553: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. H ECKof Washington, and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
GARAMENDI , Mr. D OLD, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
H.R. 1814: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. G RAYSON , Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. C LAY, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1943: Mr. K INDand Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
REED, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2124: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. 
H.R. 2141: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, and Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 2264: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2553: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 2568: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 2811: Mrs. D INGELL and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2863: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER . 
H.R. 2867: Mr. B EYER , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
H.R. 2894: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. K INGof New 
H.R. 3107: Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 3115: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3137: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia and 
Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 3189: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 3215: Mrs. H ARTZLER and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 3284: Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. L OWEY , and Mr. 
H.R. 3337: Mr. L EVIN, Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. 
H.R. 3340: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 3351: Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 3423: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. S TIVERS , and 
HOLDING , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. D IAZBALART , 
H.R. 3459: Mr. P ALMER , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
TIBERI , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. L ONG, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, 
CRAMER , Mr. F ORBES , and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 3472: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 3495: Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. M EADOWS and 
H.R. 3522: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D EUTCH , 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
LEVIN, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. L EE, Mr. F ATTAH , 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
SHERMAN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. 
ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
H. Res. 28: Mrs. D INGELL and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. D OGGETT and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. C OOKand Mr. S TIVERS . 
H. Res. 294: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mrs. D AVIS 
H. Res. 343: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
DONOVAN , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. T IPTON , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
H. Res. 346: Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
H. Res. 393: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C UMMINGS  
H. Res. 394: Mr. R USHand Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H. Res. 419: Ms. L EE, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
H. Res. 425: Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Mr. G RIJALVA . H. Res. 427: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 758 the socalled ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015’’ or LARA. 
left before the government shuts down and vital programs and departments are left unfunded. We should be debating and voting on budgetary measures to make sure that the government can still function and remains open. We are here instead, discussing a bill that has been introduced every Congress since 2011. Instead of voting on ways the government will stay open so we can continue to fund vital national priorities, we are here talking about legislation that does not solve any demonstrated need. 
This bill seeks to fix the problem of frivolous 
lawsuits by enacting a law that used to exist and which judges themselves later rejected. A mandatory sanction of Rule 11 violations was an experiment that was tried in 1983 and was dismissed and abandoned just ten years later in 1993. Almost 100 percent of federal judges surveyed by the Federal Judicial Committee state that Rule 11 should not be altered in the way this Act envisions and 86 percent of judges think the existing rule is fine as is. 
This bill will increase the cost and volume of 
cases and make it exponentially harder to advance civil rights suits. Landmark civil rights cases such as Brown v. Board of Education, Griswold v. Connecticut, and Lawrence v. Texas would not have survived if Rule 11 existed as this bill envisions. We should not put up barriers to continuing civil rights progress through the courts. 
Association, The Federal Judicial Center and countless other legal organizations. Their voices are clear: leave Rule 11 and judicial autonomy alone. Congress does not need to ‘‘fix’’ a problem that simply does not exist. 
this law would ‘‘dispel the culture of fear that has come to permeate American society.’’ American society does not fear the existing process for Rule 11 sanctions. The American public is concerned about roads not being built, about the government shutting down, and about losing their health care coverage. 
The American public does not want the government to shutdown. They have been there and done that. The last government shut down costs the American people $24 billion dollars in lost economic output. That is why I introduced the Prevent a Government Shutdown Act of 2015. That is what we should be debating and voting on right now, Mr. Speaker. Not a law that was tried and rejected 22 years ago. HONORING VIETNAM ERA VETERANS OF MAINE’S SECOND DISTRICT 
by the opportunity to honor and welcome home our Vietnam Era Heroes to Northern Maine and take part in Vietnam Veterans Appreciation Day. 
their families, for the sacrifices they made to protect our freedoms and special way of life. The memory of their heroics will inspire Maine generations to come. 
with thousands of our Maine Veterans. I have had the honor to meet our local heroes from the American Legion, Disabled American Veterans and Veterans of Foreign Wars, and in many more settings. Their patriotism, commitment to duty, humility and camaraderie inspire my own public service. 
Bangor, I had the privilege to help properly recognize and welcome home 1,000 of our Vietnam Veterans. It was an emotional gathering for our heroes who did all that was asked of them and served our Country with honor, but did not receive their due gratitude and respect from millions of Americans when they returned home. Our courageous servicemen in The County, Bangor, and throughout the state of Maine deserve our absolute and unwavering gratitude. 
for all that you have given to our Country. We will never forget your bravery. 
AS THE 2015 ESCAMBIA COUNTY FLORIDA, OUTSTANDING FARM FAMILY OF THE YEAR 
with great pleasure that I rise to recognize the Rolin Family for being selected as the 2015 Escambia County, Florida, Outstanding Farm Family of the Year. 
SunnySlope Berry Farm, located in Pensacola, Florida, first began as a heifer farm, producing local dairy. However, after five years, Barry and Glenda Rolin decided it was time for a change, and the couple planted their first blueberry field in the winter of 2008. Once the blueberries had become a success, the Rolin family then planted several hundred blackberry canes, selling both berry varieties to local markets in Florida and neighboring Alabama. Finally, after a few years of allowing the crops to flourish, the family opened up SunnySlope 
Berry Farm to the public. Now, families from the surrounding areas can build their own memories by coming to SunnySlope Berry Farm and picking their own berries. 
their children—Kendra, Amy, Starla, and Shawn—about responsibility; and today SunnySlope Berry Farms is truly a family affair. The children wake up every morning and finish their chores before heading into school. For Barry and Glenda, married for 23 years, a typical day includes picking berries until late morning, packaging and delivering berries midday, picking again until dark, and packaging the remainder at the end of the day. Although many people may be unaware of the amount of work that goes into SunnySlope, the community certainly appreciates everything the Rolin family does to keep the farm running, from producing delicious berries to creating priceless memories. 
Mr. Speaker, Northwest Florida and our Nation share a proud agricultural tradition built by the hard work of farmers and their families. The Escambia County Outstanding Farm Family of the Year Award is a reflection of the Rolin’s tireless work and their dedication to family and farming. On behalf of the United States Congress, I would like to offer my congratulations to the Rolin family for being outstanding in their field. My wife Vicki and I extend our best wishes for their continued success. 
to help commemorate the 65th anniversary of the establishment of Rostas Cafe. The restaurant, located in Hazleton, Pennsylvania, is a city landmark and has continually provided my constituents with a fantastic dining and community experience. 
and Grace Rostas in 1950. The cafe originally opened as a bar, serving only fresh, hot pizza to the public. A true family business, John and Grace’s daughter, Alfreda, became involved with her parent’s enterprise when she was a teenager. Upon John’s retirement, Alfreda and her husband, Tony Calucci, took over the restaurant. Tony’s father, Nick, expanded the menu options to include hoagies, sandwiches, sizeable antipastos, and salads. 
Tragedy struck in March of 1994 when a fire 
devastated this Hazleton landmark, destroying the entire interior of the restaurant. Its patrons, faced with losing one of their favorite community gathering spots, called upon the restaurant to rebuild as soon as possible. In a miraculous feat, the cafe reopened in June of 1994, bigger and better than ever. Such a 
quick renovation is testament to the commitment and hard work of Alfreda and Tony Calucci, as well as the importance of the restaurant’s role within the Hazleton community. Today, Rostas Cafe remains a Hazleton staple, and Melissa Calucci has joined her parents in adding to the restaurant’s success and character. 
Rostas Cafe as it celebrates its 65th anniversary. I am incredibly grateful for this community landmark that continues to bring generations of the Hazleton community closer together, and I look forward to the cafe’s success over the years to come. 
proudly pause to recognize Garrett Nicholas Downey. Garrett is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 397, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Garrett has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most notably, Garrett has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Garrett Nicholas Downey for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
today to recognize Albert ‘‘Butch’’ Arenal, retiring Chief of Police for the Punta Gorda Police Department in Punta Gorda, Florida. 
a pillar in our Florida community. Born and raised in Charlotte County, Butch has dedicated his adult life to the Punta Gorda Police Department. He has been with the Department for almost 30 years, and has served as Chief of Police for eight of those years. 
awarded the Punta Gorda Chamber of Commerce Small Business award as well as a number of other welldeserved accolades. Additionally, he will be sworn in as the President of the Florida Police Chief’s Association, which is but a small testament of his leadership ability. As a member of Congress, it has been my pleasure to work with Butch professionally and get to know him personally. 
County Community as we say farewell to Butch and wish him the best of luck as he 
joins Coconut Creek Police Department, they are truly lucky to have him. 
recognize Mary Gabriele as she is celebrated as the oldest ItalianAmerican in the Hazleton Area, an honor bestowed upon her by the Hazleton Chapter of UNICO. UNICO is the largest ItalianAmerican service and volunteer organization in the United States, and has a significant, positive impact within my congressional district. 
On March 19, 1909, Mary was born to Nicholas and Tomasina Lauro in Medix Run, Pennsylvania. Her family moved to Hazleton Heights in 1916 where she was able to establish strong, communal roots. As one of nine children, Mary began working at the Duplan Silk Mill at the youthful age of 14. The fact that she committed long and arduous hours at the facility did not stop her from obtaining an education, however. She went on to impressively complete her studies at St. Gabriel’s High School during the evenings—a feat symbolic of her tireless work ethic. 
the newly married couple moved to Peace Street in Hazleton. It was here where Mary and Nazario raised their four children: Carmel, Nicholas, Mary, and Thomasina. After dedicating years to her family, Mary returned to the workforce at numerous retail stores in the area, including Bon Ton, Leader, Dotte’s, and Fashion Bug. Mary and Nazario were married for a wonderful 49 years before Nazario passed away in 1984. 
in Drums, where she remains active and enjoys visits from friends and her extended family, including five grandchildren and six great grandchildren. 
Mary Gabriele as the oldest ItalianAmerican in the Hazleton Area. My community is extremely fortunate to have now called her a neighbor for close to 100 years. I hope she will be able to celebrate this monumental occasion in the company of her family and friends. 
proudly pause to recognize Sean Christopher McMullen. Sean is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 397, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Sean has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Sean has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most notably, Sean has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Sean Christopher McMullen for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay 
tribute to the life of Dr. Robert Laubach, a pioneer in adult literacy and lifelong advocate of literacy and education. Dr. Robert Laubach, affectionately known as Dr. Bob, was born in the Philippines and lived there through his high school years. Dr. Bob moved to the United States and completed his undergraduate studies in Ohio. He went on to pursue graduate studies at Syracuse University where he earned a master’s degree in journalism and a Ph.D. in education. 
journalism at an early age, working the printing press for his dad’s early literacy work. Dr. Bob traveled to over 40 countries in 5 years when he was in his twenties with his father and Dr. Bob carried his passion for literacy, both nationally and internationally for the rest of his life. 
In 1952, Dr. Bob founded the Syracuse University Literacy Journalism program and taught hundreds of educators from around the world how to prepare literacy materials. Dr. Bob developed literacy primers in local languages and organized literacy programs in more than 60 countries. In 1959, Dr. Bob began publishing News for You, a weekly news source for adult new readers, which is still in publication today. Dr. Bob also founded New Readers Press, which develops and publishes instructional materials for adult learners and adult education teachers. Today, New Readers Press continues to provide over 400 educational titles that help adults learn how to read, write, and do basic math. 
Dr. Bob was more than an educator, he was 
an innovator who helped changed countless lives by giving the gift of literacy. Dr. Bob’s legacy of literacy will live on in the Central New York community, and all over the world through the thousands of literacy organizations, tutors, trainers, volunteers, and students who continue to work toward his dream of a world where everyone can read and write. 
commend the students, faculty, staff, and administration at the University of Mobile for their commitment to community service through ‘‘Project Serve.’’ 
The University of Mobile, which was founded in 1961 by Alabama Baptists as a Christian university, established Project Service during the university’s 50th anniversary in 2011. For Project Serve, the university cancels classes for the day, and the classroom moves into the community in order to provide students and faculty with an opportunity to serve others. This year’s event will be held on September 25th. 
This is a record year for Project Serve with 
more than 1,200 members of the University of Mobile community signed up. On the 25th, these students will spread out to over 60 locations in Mobile and Baldwin counties to take part in service activities. For example, students from the School of Nursing will administer blood pressure checks, do laundry, and paint fingernails for residents of Little Sisters of the Poor. The RamCorps brass and percussion unit will perform for youth at the Strickland Youth Center. The men’s basketball team will partner with Habitat for Humanity to build homes. These are just a few examples of the service projects that will make a big difference for people in Southwest Alabama. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the University of Mobile for making community service such an important part of their college experience. Through Project Serve, students will learn that there is more to personal development than just what you can find in a textbook. While Project Serve will only last one day, I am confident the experience will lead to a lifetime of service for everyone in the University of Mobile community. 
proudly pause to recognize Alan Doan and Sarah Galbraith, small business owners from Hamilton, Missouri, on being named the Small Business Persons of the Year by the Small Business Administration, in recognition of their company, the Missouri Star Quilt Co. 
in the 2008 market crash, Alan and Sarah thought of their mother’s skills with sewing and quilting. They decided to take out a loan to purchase a quilting machine to make the quilts and earn extra money to support their family. They began their business in a small building close to their parents’ home and that is where Missouri Star Quilt Co. was born. They decided that in order to grow their business, they needed to reach a broader market and began putting quilting tutorial videos on the internet. Their business grew exponentially and soon 
they were receiving more orders than they could handle. Today, the Missouri Star Quilt Co. has more than 180 employees in Hamilton, Missouri, they have prompted other small businesses to open up their shops nearby, and have attracted as many as 10,000 tourists a month to Hamilton, which has a population less than 2,000. Their small business has not only profited and thrived, but has allowed many members of their community to thrive as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
recognizing Alan Doan and Sarah Galbraith for their achievement in receiving the SBA Small Business Persons of the Year award, as well as their hard work and commitment to their community. 
today in recognition of one of the most dedicated, selfless and kindhearted individuals I have ever had the pleasure of knowing, Mr. Glenn Hackney. He is a friend and a true unsung hero for whom I have the deepest admiration. 
arriving in 1948. He served in the State House from 1972 to 1976 and the State Senate from 1976 to 1980. From the time of his arrival, Glenn began a life of service to Alaska. Mere words today cannot express the profound impact Glenn has had on the lives of many; he has truly done so much good, for so many people. Glenn has always lived by the simple words of Abraham Lincoln and I quote: ‘‘To ease another’s headache is to forget one’s own.’’ 
community runs deep. I recall a time when Glenn was cleaning up the streets of Fairbanks, AK and was struck by a vehicle. He suffered many broken bones and endured great pain, but never held any illwill towards the driver. In fact, he was more concerned for the driver’s wellbeing than his own. Soon thereafter, he was back on the street once again doing his part to clean up the community. Glenn is a strong, silent leader; a gentleman and a dear friend. I hope that this body will join me in recognizing his contributions to society and the great state of Alaska. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, this week, September 13–19, is designated National Truck Driver Appreciation Week and is set aside to honor the 3.4 million professional truck drivers in the United States. Trucking employs more than 7 million people, making it not just essential to our economy, but one of our country’s 
Citizens in every community around the nation rely on trucks—for the food we eat, the clothes we wear, and the products we use. As Ranking Member of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, I know first hand how important truckers are to the strength and wellbeing of our great nation. 
drivers. I have long fought to ensure the safety of American roads and to preserve American trucking jobs. I have also advanced measures to ensure that all truck drivers have the opportunity make a decent living. 
In order for our truckers to do their jobs, 
they need Congress to do its job and pass a longoverdue, robust highways reauthorization. Truck drivers are on the front lines and face the effects of Congressional inaction every day. 
States are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete (one of every four bridges). Nearly two thirds of the nation’s roads are in less than ‘‘good’’ condition. Congestion is a ballooning problem, affecting 42 percent of America’s major roads and costing the economy $121 billion a year. 
Congress has been asleep at the wheel, passing shortterm patches that prolong uncertainty and force states to delay critical projects to fix decrepit, weightrestricted bridges that can’t handle freight trucks or pockmarked highways that blow out tires. 
As our needs have increased, surface transportation programs have been limping along with flat funding since 2009. The federal gas tax pays for highways and public transit, but it has not been raised in 22 years, and its purchasing power has fallen 40 percent. We need to do more than the status quo. 
Infrastructure Committee is currently working on a bill to improve the conditions of our nation’s roads, bridges, and intermodal facilities by reauthorizing surface transportation programs. A longterm bill is the only responsible action for Congress to take. 
truck driver’s workplace—our highways—safer and more efficient. The Federal government needs to continue its leading role in promoting an interconnected interstate system vital to the timely movement of goods and people. This system must be paid for with guaranteed, sustainable funding that will bring our economy into the 21st Century—and not myopic solutions to replace a strong Federal role, such as tolling or privatization. 
an opportunity to reflect on the vital role that truck drivers play in supporting and sustaining our economy and our society. The best way Congress can honor truck drivers is to pass a fully funded, longterm authorization bill. 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF NAVAL AIR STATION JACKSONVILLE 
Navy’s pivotal bases. For Jacksonville citizens, this anniversary brings back a flood of memories. Many began their journeys here as young sailors ready to go to sea. They enlisted and scattered far and wide. Now, years later, many of these same sailors will commemorate this important base. For these sailors their sea anchor is right here in this military friendly town. 
we lovingly call the base—there were citizens who lobbied the Hepburn Board as it searched for a new naval base in the Southeast. The citizens voted to support bonds to purchase the property and construction began in 1939. 
1940, with Captain Charles P. Mason serving as its first commanding officer. Walt Disney drew a logo for the new base depicting Donald Duck in flight gear and sporting gold wings emerging from an egg as NAS Jacksonville was given birth. 
As America entered World War II, construction and the pace of training increased at NAS Jax. Soon, there were three runways operating as well as seaplane ramps. An overhaul and repair facility was begun to rework the station’s planes. Today, that facility is called the Fleet Readiness Center Southeast, and they still inhabit some of the original buildings from the 1940’s. 
capital of the East Coast and handled 60 percent of the fleet’s air striking force in the Atlantic area from pole to pole. As the Navy led the dawning of the jet age, the first jet carrier air groups and squadrons came to Jacksonville. So it was only natural that the Navy’s first Flight Demonstration Team—later known as the Blue Angels—got its start at NAS Jacksonville. Fleet Air Wing 11, now the Patrol and Reconnaissance Wing 11, relocated to the station followed in the 1970s by Helicopter Antisubmarine Wing, U.S. Atlantic, and its squadrons. 
Over the ensuring decades, NAS Jacksonville supported the Navy’s efforts during wartime and peace. Its pilots and planes flew in combat and training. Planes and other airframes were retired and new ones put into the inventory. As with other bases, buildings were added, old buildings were renovated, and personnel came and went. 
The new airframe is heavier and larger than its predecessor and after 75 years of service, those original runways are being recycled. In a way, today’s pilots will still be taking off and landing on the history of those who went before them. 
NAS Jacksonville is a recent twotime winner of the Commander’s in Chief, Naval Installations Command Excellence Award and is home to the newest manned and unmanned systems that Naval Aviation has in its inventory. 
because the Navy must ensure our maritime supremacy and national security. NAS Jacksonville has for 75 years been the face of that strength in Northeast Florida. Our citizens hear the sounds of freedom in support of our Nation’s defense. NAS Jax has been a constant in my life and in the lives of all in Jacksonville. The greatness of this premier base is woven into the memories of all who have shared in the pride of having NAS Jacksonville within our city limits. I salute the 75th Anniversary of Naval Air 
Station Jacksonville, which continues to be a major employer and economic stimulator, but more importantly, its personnel continues to contribute through their hard work and dedication to the important missions of our Nation’s defense. 
proudly pause to recognize Caleb Prettyman. Caleb is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 75, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Caleb has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most notably, Caleb has earned the rank of TomTom Beater in the Tribe of MicOSay. Caleb has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Caleb sanded and repainted all 24 of the fire hydrants in Barnard, Missouri, and installed locater antennas on them so that they may easily be located in the event of an emergency. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Caleb Prettyman for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
today in recognition of a great Alaskan and someone I am honored and privileged to call my friend, Mr. Jack Coghill. Without Jack, I would not be here today as the Congressman for all Alaska; I might very well be retired or even buried near the banks of the Yukon River. 
back long before Alaska statehood. He served as the Mayor of Nenana for 22 years, served in the Territorial House from 1952 to 1956 and was a State Senator for the first three Legislatures. He rounded out his time in elected office as Alaska’s sixth Lieutenant Governor from 1990 to 1994. 
dubbed ‘‘Mr. Republican’’—has had a profound impact upon all of Alaska as one of the 55 framers of the state constitution. 
On a very personal note, in 1972 Jack was 
one of the few people who believed in me enough to encourage me to run for Congress. Jack not only encouraged my run but worked tirelessly in his support of my candidacy. None of us knew at that time there would be a horrific accident in which Congressman Nick Begich and House Majority Leader Hal Boggs would be lost in a flight from Anchorage to Juneau. Due to this loss, it was up to the Republican State Central Committee to appoint a Republican candidate for the Special election rather than go through a formal primary process. Despite many other qualified candidates, Jack stood by me and convinced his colleagues on the Central Committee to vote in my favor. I am forever thankful for his role in shaping the path that has led me to serve as the Congressman for all Alaska these past 42 years. 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, on the Legislative Day of September 17, 2015, a vote was held. Had I been present for this roll call vote, I would have cast the following vote: 
proudly pause to recognize Donald F. Harrison, a teacher at Parkview Elementary in Cameron, Missouri, who was recently named America’s Top Teacher by Live with Kelly and Michael. 
Donn is more than just a teacher in Cameron. He also serves as a crossing guard, a volunteer firefighter, and an EMT for Cameron. He also serves as the unofficial voice of Cameron, announcing track meets, basketball games and any other church and school events he can make. Known for his affinity towards bowties and Chuck Taylors, Donn’s nomination created an instant sensation in Cameron. Every business in town changed their signs to encourage folks to vote for Donn, ‘Vote for Donn’ yard signs sprung up across town, and social media posts drove the vote for Donn. Winning this award not only earned him a welldeserved vacation and new car, it also provided the Cameron R–I School District with computers to facilitate the classroom experience. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me, 
his wife, Lynette, and their family and friends in commending Donald F. Harrison for his accomplishments in and out of the classroom and for his efforts put forth in achieving this high distinction. 
honor the life and legacy of Dr. Jon Woods, 
the longtime director of The Ohio State University Marching Band. He passed away on Saturday, September 12th fittingly on a day when so many of his former students were gathered together for the alumni game to perform with the current band during pregame and halftime shows. I was privileged to be one of his students when I was a member of The Best Damn Band In The Land (TBDBITL). 
music education, and received a bachelor’s degree from Indiana University of Pennsylvania, a master’s degree from Penn State University, and a doctorate from ‘‘that school up North’’—the University of Michigan. After serving 10 years as an associate director he became the director in 1983. 
For 28 years he led TBDBITL. He was an 
innovator, creating computerdesigned halftime shows that are now one of the band’s trademarks. He led by example, quiet but firm, encouraging comradery and promoting a tradition of excellence. Notably, he always strove to improve the band’s performances and inspired that drive in his students. Unusual among his peers, Dr. Woods was also a professor and an advisor. In fact, he felt his greatest legacy was his students. 
During his career his name became synonymous with the band as he directed shows at 35 bowl games and three presidential inaugurations. It was my honor to work with him to secure the band’s ability to march in the 1989 inaugural parade for President George Bush, the 2001 inaugural parade for President George W. Bush and the 2009 inaugural parade for President Barack Obama. He said his favorite game was the 2002 National Championship overtime win against The University of Miami. Dr. Woods’ greatest honor was dotting the ‘‘I’’ during his final season. 
looked forward to retiring so he could be more involved in his own musical group, Trombones Plus. He was also looking forward to travelling with his wife, Donna and spending time with his children and granddaughter, Reese. While his family will deeply feel his loss, Dr. Woods touched countless people’s lives. He will be missed by his students, the university, and the TBDBITL community. 
today in recognition of an Alaskan Pioneer— a woman who helped shape our great State and a dear friend of mine—Mary Binkley. From her humble beginnings with Jim on the Chena and Tanana Rivers to her dedication to public service, Mary has been a solid foundation to her family, Fairbanks and the state of Alaska. 
Mary arrived to Alaska in 1944. As the matriarch of the Binkley family, Mary was crucial to the growth of their family business—from the Godspeed, a 25passenger vessel, to what would become the Binkley enterprise. She has been the backbone of the Discover Riverboat Touring Company since its founding in 1950; a business which still operates today. When 
her husband, Jim, entered the Alaska State Legislature, Mary stepped up to successfully manage the family business. The company played a vital role in helping grow and modernize the entire region. When I traveled in Fairbanks, I traveled on the Riverboats Discovery. 
her entire life. She has always had a big heart and deep respect for the rich history and culture of the Alaska Native people. She consistently went out of her way to hire Alaska Natives, learning everything she could about their culture and graciously sharing hers in return. Those relationships echo her tireless efforts to build community. 
and her resilience to the unforgiving Alaskan frontier make her the definition of determination. I will always consider Mary a dear friend and pivotal stalwart in moving Alaska into the future. I could not be more honored to recognize her lifelong efforts as an Alaskan and one who sets the standard for others to follow. 
proudly pause to recognize Trenton Yates Calton. Trenton is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 397, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Trenton has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most notably, Trenton has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Trenton Yates Calton for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
today in recognition of an Alaskan pioneer, a lifelong dedicated civil servant and volunteer, Mrs. Kathleen ‘‘Mike’’ Dalton. Life was not easy in any way for the pioneers of Alaska; only the strong in heart and mind would thrive in such an unforgiving environment. Mike’s life epitomizes the spirit of resilience and strength which advanced an early Alaskan frontier. 
As a young girl, Mike moved to Alaska in 
1949. She began her lifelong involvement in politics and public service in 1962, and quickly 
became the backbone of the Fairbanks Republican Women. She has proudly served in numerous political positions throughout her life, and played an integral role in the office of Senator Ted Stevens. 
Civic service was only one effort of the Dalton family. Mike’s husband, Jim was instrumental to advancing U.S. energy and defense as a pioneer engineer of the early oil exploration efforts in the Arctic and the Distant Early Warning radar line (DEW line). Both of which made a great impact to the nation. 
On a personal note, the Daltons have always treated me as one of their own. I will never forget the many times they opened their house off Dalton Trail to my late wife Lu, my daughters and me. I will always cherish the memories, friendship and unwavering support we’ve shared over the years. Alaska would be a different place without Mike, and it is only fitting that she be recognized for all her efforts. 
proudly pause to recognize Jacob I. Hutton. Jacob is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 87, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Jacob has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most notably, Jacob has earned the rank of Runner in the Tribe of MicOSay. Jacob has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Jacob planted landscaping around the sign for the First Christian Church of Cameron, Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Jacob I. Hutton for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
to pay tribute to the fine Sailors who have served on the USS Simpson (FFG 56). On 
the last active Oliver Hazard Perryclass frigate, will be decommissioned and leave the active United States Navy fleet. 
Rodger W. Simpson (1898–1964), who was a distinguished officer during World War II. RADM Simpson was awarded the Navy Cross, Silver Star and Legion of Merit for rescuing and evacuating more than 7,500 Allied prisoners of war and civilians interned in Japanese concentration camps. The USS Simpson 
themselves in combat. On April 18, 1988, along with two other navy ships, the Simpson 
responded to the Iranian mine attack on the USS Samuel B. Roberts by destroying an Iranian oil platform and sinking the Iranian Navy mission patrol combatant, Joshan. 
made 14 deployments. Her final deployment was for seven months to the U.S. 5th and 6th Fleet areas of operation in which she conducted theater security cooperation exercises. As in the past, the crew was called on to support various task forces and performed perfectly never missing an operational commitment. Every sailor made a difference every day. In addition, some of the newest technologies in the Navy were aboard, four Fire Scouts (MQ–8B) vertical takeoff and landing tactical unmanned aerial vehicles. 
The crew on the last deployment was comprised of reservists as well as active duty individual augmented personnel with zero previous experience with UAV’s. Despite the challenges, the officers aboard reported the crew achieved the highest ever recorded maintenance readiness and sortie completion rate of any Fire Scout deployment in the program’s history. 
the friendships and camaraderie this ship established on its decks will last for ages. It is a pleasure and honor to represent the great men and women who serve in the 4th Congressional District of Florida and to see them successfully complete the mission of the USS Simpson . Their hard work and dedication contributes to the important missions of our Nation’s defense and reiterates our community’s importance as an anchor of national security. 
would like to take this opportunity to recognize Mrs. Gloria Galloway, a dedicated professional with the Department of Veterans Affairs, Congressional Liaison Service, on the occasion of her retirement. Gloria has been an exemplary public servant who has demonstrated the highest standards of professionalism on a daily basis. She has served with the Department of Veterans Affairs for more than 36 years and her career in public service has been a testament to the importance of unselfish devotion. As Gloria embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that she may recall with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment the outstanding contributions she has made to the Department of Veterans Affairs, the United States House of Representatives and the people of the United States of America. I would like to send her my best wishes for continued success in her future endeavors, and may her life be filled with health and happiness. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Speaker, on roll call no. 497, I was absent during roll call number 497 (the Previous Question on H. Res. 420) the afternoon of September 17, 2015 because I was meeting with constituents from Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. 
today to recognize and congratulate Carl and Denise Jardon of Randolph, Iowa, for receiving the 2015 Conservationist of the Year Award presented by the Fremont County Soil and Water Conservation District. 
award based on their outstanding work in incorporating terraces, notill farming, nitrogen stabilizer, and cover crops into their 368–acre farm operation. These practices are instrumental in helping preserve clean water and soil for generations to come. 
Carl and Denise for earning this award. They are shining examples of how hard work and dedication to protecting the environment will benefit their property and others. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Carl and Denise for this achievement. I wish them nothing but the best moving forward. 
am introducing the Fair Access to Education Act of 2015. This legislation would bring fairness to the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) form, which determines federal student aid, and currently asks eligibility questions about a student’s drug conviction history. 
Under this legislation, an applicant with misdemeanor marijuana possession offenses will not have to check the box when applying for federal financial assistance. It also immediately provides eligibility for grants, loans, and work assistance to those whose applications were suspended due to a marijuana misdemeanor offense. 
Too often those with misdemeanor drug offenses, such as simple marijuana possession, continue to be discriminated against or stigmatized long after they’ve paid their fines or served their time. Such is the case when it comes to higher education. One of our greatest opportunities as Americans to better ourselves and start anew is pushed out of reach for many because of an outdated bias built into our federal student aid application. 
Under current law, the FAFSA requires applicants to disclose any drugrelated offense they’ve had while receiving federal student aid. This outdated question is on the application because of the AntiDrug Abuse Act of 1988, which authorizes federal and state judges to deny certain federal benefits, including student aid, to persons convicted of drug trafficking or possession. 
If that box is checked when a student submits an application, the application is immediately placed on hold and the student is informed that the application cannot be processed and additional steps are required to determine eligibility. This intimidating process often has the effect of discouraging students from continuing. 
Public opinion and state law is shifting dramatically on questions related to marijuana. Prohibition is outdated and does not reflect how Americans think, nor how they actually behave. Nearly half of the population has smoked marijuana at some point in their lives, and now in four states and the District of Columbia, people can do so legally. 
It is senseless that we would limit a student’s future for any drug offense for which they have served their sentence, and even more senseless that we would do so for an offense for a drug that a majority believes should be legal. 
2015–16 school year—is outdated, unfair, and traps those seeking to recover from mistakes and create opportunities for themselves. Current policy is inevitably more harmful to those with the greatest need. If a student has a misdemeanor marijuana offense but is fully able to afford an education on their own, their future is not limited. But if a student has taken strides to recover from past mistakes and is seeking help in getting an education, current policy will only hold them back. 
RECOGNIZING THE MARINE & ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH INSTITUTE ON ITS 25TH ANNIVERSARY 
congratulate and applaud an organization in my state on its 25th anniversary year of studying the effects of toxic chemicals on environmental and human health. 
The Marine & Environmental Research Institute (MERI)—based in Blue Hill, Maine— began in 1990 with a group of scientists concerned about the impact of pollutants on marine mammal populations that were experiencing massive dieoffs and disease outbreaks. Led by Dr. Susan Shaw, the organization has done incredible work since then investigating the effects toxic exposure has on health outcomes in the marine environment. 
MERI’s groundbreaking studies of the effects of chemical exposure on firefighters, a group that encounters high incidences of cancer. The organization has conducted the most extensive biomonitoring assessment of firefighters to date and continues to gather information that can be used to protect the health of the first responders who keep our communities safe. 
As beings on this planet, we cannot separate ourselves from the environment. What we do to it, we do to ourselves. I truly appreciate MERI’s work to remind us all that wildlife and humans alike benefit from protecting the environment and limiting the spread of dangerous chemicals. May it continue to do this important work for many years to come. 
tribute to Mr. Matthew Shafner, who recently passed away after a courageous battle with cancer. Matt was a beloved native son of the GrotonNew London community, and a legendary attorney who never wavered as a champion of the underdog. 
the Bulkeley School and graduated from New London High School in 1953. Growing up, Matt worked for his family’s renowned furniture business headed by his father, who also served as a state representative in the Connecticut General Assembly. Matt earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Connecticut and was awarded a law degree from UConn Law School in 1959. Shortly thereafter, Matt opened and built a workers’ compensation practice with John O’Brien in New London, representing the region’s shipyard workers. These deep roots in the southeastern Connecticut community indelibly connected Matt with the citizens—his neighbors— whom he would represent in the courtroom. 
In the early seventies, Matt took the case of 
a shipyard worker who died of lung cancer and then took on asbestos companies. The lawsuits started with one asbestos case and one lung cancer case and quickly grew to 12 cases and then 50 cases including asbestos, lung cancer, mesothelioma, laryngeal cancer, esophageal cancer and GI cancer. By the end of the decade, the first 50 asbestos cases settled for $6.5 million—winning surviving families justice and compensation for their losses. 
including 90 aerospace workers who had developed brain tumors after working in the same factory. Another powerful case for Matt arose out of a fabricated glove and aprons manufacturer in northeastern Connecticut using chrysotile asbestos cloth and gas masks with crocidolite asbestos filters. The plant manager’s son, who worked during school vacations and was a biking champion of Connecticut, developed pleural mesothelioma at age 41. He died soon after, leaving a young wife and two infant children. Matt won the case for this family in court. 
Court Judge Robert Martin described Matt as a ‘‘unanimous first ballot halloffame lawyer. 
He had no peer in the personal injury field. We have a lot of good lawyers in New London County, but Matt really set the bar and I think everybody played off him. I don’t know any lawyer who cared about justice more than Matt Shafner.’’ 
served individuals in need, as the attorney for the City of Groton for 20 years. 
of Connecticut every year from 2007 to 2012, as well as in New England and Metropolitan New York Matt served as President of the New London County Bar Association, on the Board of Governors of the Connecticut Trial Lawyers Association and as State Delegate to the Association of Trial Lawyers of America. His lectures included a 1981 address to the XI Triennial World Congress of Pathology in Jerusalem on the legal aspects of asbestos disease. Matt was awarded the first Paul Tremont Award for Advocacy recognizing the first asbestos litigation in the Northeast filed in 1975. 
Matt was a stalwart, grassroots activist in local, state, and national politics. A member of the Groton Democratic Town Committee, Matt faithfully worked at party headquarters, attended conventions as a delegate, and shared his compassionate perspective on issues of the day in the press and with public officials and candidates. 
I benefited greatly from Matt’s strong support during my two campaigns for Congress as a challenger. In 2006, when my race was decided by 83 votes out of 242,000 cast, Matt volunteered to help with the recount process— a very tense and challenging task. His training and experience as a lawyer and his passion for democracy were a perfect blend, from which I feel honored to have benefited. 
known equally for his extraordinary humility. His gentleness belied a tenacity in the courtroom that was unparalleled for his clients and achieved major victories for them. 
children, three stepchildren, nine grandchildren, and ten greatgrandchildren I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing our deepest sorrow for their loss and to the southeastern Connecticut community who lost a humble legal legend, who never stopped fighting for the underdog. 
today to recognize and congratulate Ellen Grace Brown on the celebration of her 100th birthday. Ms. Brown celebrated her 100th birthday on August 30th, 2015 in Lenox, Iowa. 
the course of Ms. Brown’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism, and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Ms. Brown has lived through seventeen United States Presidents 
and twentyfour Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. 
Ellen in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Ms. Brown on reaching this incredible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
COMMEMORATING THE ONE HUNDREDTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ROTARY CLUB OF LEXINGTON 
the centennial year of the Rotary Club of Lexington, Kentucky. This honorable humanitarian organization has been bringing men and women together to serve the Bluegrass community since 1915. It is one of the oldest and best established communityoriented organizations in the state and was Lexington’s first civic club. The newly established Rotary Club first met in the historic Phoenix Hotel, which has been host to numerous celebrities and public figures including six United States Presidents. The club has grown over the years 
to become the twenty first largest in the world. 
over Self’’ and the Lexington club certainly exemplifies that. They are a shining example of individuals with servants’ hearts coming together to better their community. Rotary organizes and implements several significant service projects that benefit our community, our commonwealth, and the world. Hundreds of community projects have been completed by the Rotary Club of Lexington, including providing clothing for children in the Fayette County School System, organizing the Southern Lights Santa Project, funding the Surgery on Sunday program, mentoring and assisting in school classrooms, funding the Born Learning night classes for parents, awarding sizeable college scholarships, and sponsoring international youth exchange programs. Rotary raises money and donates thousands of dollars each year to worthy programs such as the End Polio Now campaign and the Cardinal Hill Foundation. 
owners, professionals, managers, and community leaders who take great interest in the happenings and welfare of the community. Lexington’s Rotary Club members have been instrumental in community action for the betterment of Lexington and the quality of life of its citizens for one hundred years and this is cause for celebration. It is my honor to stand before the United States House of Representatives to acknowledge the historic celebration for the Rotary Club of Lexington. I wish them the best for a successful future in their next one hundred years. 
recognize Sergeant Raymond J. Kooman, who served bravely in World War II and survived as a prisoner of war in a German prison camp. Sgt. Kooman is being honored today at the 2015 POW/MIA Recognition Month Ceremony in Hackensack, NJ for his service. 
Mr. and Mrs. S. Kooman, enlisted in the service at the age of 19, serving in the United States Army, 28th Infantry Keystone Division. The red keystone, official emblem of the State of Pennsylvania, is the official shoulder sleeve insignia of the 28th Division which was originally a Pennsylvania National Guard organization. The Germans called it the ‘Bloody Bucket’ because of the bloodred keystone insignia and vicious fighting tactics during the Normandy Campaign. It was the 28th Infantry that paraded through the streets of Paris after the city’s liberation. The division traces its history back to Benjamin Franklin’s ‘‘Battalions for Associators’’ organized in 1747. 
In October 1943, Sgt. Kooman was deployed to the European battlefront. He had been in action since DDay and served with reconnaissance patrols, and in attacks on enemy strongholds. He continued to serve as a rifleman with the infantry in the European Theatre. On September 14, 1944 Sgt. Kooman was wounded when a German sniper shot him in the leg. He recovered quickly from his injuries and three weeks later he was sent back into action. After five months of fighting in France, Belgium, Luxembourg and Germany, the 28th Infantry was deployed along a 25mile stretch of the Our River, from northeastern Luxembourg to Wallenstein, Germany. 
after being injured, Sgt. Kooman was captured and taken prisoner by enemy German troops in Luxembourg. He was captured during the Battle of the Bulge and was eventually held as a POW in Stalag IV B in Germany. Sgt. Kooman weighed 155 pounds when he enlisted and weighed only 80 pounds when he was liberated by British soldiers. He also fell ill to dysentery, as had all prisoners. However, somehow, Sgt. Kooman found the will to survive. He still carries the prisoner identification tag he was forced to wear. Sgt. Kooman describes his experience as such: ‘‘We had 
3,007 prisoners in our camp. Everybody slept on the floor in this prison. There were no beds and no toilets. There was nothing to eat—35 men to one loaf of bread. I never took my socks off, yet walked 800 miles in 35 days, the death march. I buried a lot of people, a lot of soldiers. Every day, I buried them.’’ 
liberated by the British Army in 1945. His story of survival in the midst of so much agony is both inspirational and a snapshot of the true brutality of war. 
Army, Sgt. Kooman received several military decorations: the Purple Heart, Bronze Star Medal—1st Oak Leaf Cluster, World War II Victory Medal, ETO Campaign Medal, and the Bronze Arrowhead—Omaha Beach Assault. 
It is an honor for me to recognize Sgt. Raymond J. Kooman, who hails from the Borough of Little Ferry, which I am proud to represent 
The job of a United States Congressman involves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating the life and achievements of individuals such as Sgt. Raymond J. Kooman. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our colleagues, Sgt. Kooman’s family and friends, all those whose lives he has touched, and me, in recognizing the life and service of Sergeant Raymond J. Kooman. 
today to recognize and congratulate Harold and Sandra Bintz of Minden, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. 
each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
great pleasure to welcome the 35 World War II veterans visiting Washington, DC this week from our home state of Oregon. Their trip was made possible by Honor Flight of Oregon and their presence in the Capitol today is a humbling one. 
We are joined by Navy, Army, Marine, Merchant Marine, Coast Guard and Army Air Force veterans who have faced terrors and dangers with bravery that continues to inspire. In this group are veterans who fought in Iwo Jima; those who fended off and survived the harrowing attack on the USS Franklin ; documentarians who photographed the war; cryptographers who kept our secrets safe; and mechanics of all branches that kept us marching forward. These are just a few examples of the contributions these heroes made, but each deserves individual recognition: 
Fortner; James Riopelle; Stanley Wheeler; Donald Bean; Marvin Johnson; Leo Schammel; Earl Uptegrove; Clyde Harrop; Roland Halberg; Lawrence Torrey; Donald Fowler; Patrick O’Brien; Eldon Dyer; Raymond Stahly; Robert Bortvedt; Lawrence Kissinger; Everett Lee; Gerald Midbust; Harold Goff; Raynold Deluca Sr; Murray Watts; Lyle Wescott; George Prusynski; Donald Cresap; William Birkeland; Harold Englet; Kenneth Kerns, Juanita Price; Donald Ford; James Sperling; Robert Zimmerman; Rupert Fixott; 
The world as we know it would not be the 
same were it not for their courage, their bravery, and I hope that this trip bestows upon them a tiny fraction of the respect and gratitude that can never be fully repaid. To our Greatest Generation, I wish them my very best on their visit and thank them for their service. 
our veterans with the memorials erected to honor their service and with younger generations to ensure they know this important history. And a trip such as this would not be possible without the help of the volunteers who donate their time, resources and passion to Honor Flight Oregon. They ensure that each visit is met with the heroes welcome these veterans deserve. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, when my constituent Matthew Nehaus was 9, he suddenly lost weight, became too tired to participate in sports, and was frequently overcome by coughing bouts. Concerned, his parents took him to the doctor, who initially thought the cause was an infection or pneumonia. But an Xray led to a much scarier diagnosis—cardiomyopathy. 
of the heart muscle that weakens its ability to efficiently and effectively pump blood around the body. Though more common for adults, it is a leading cause of sudden cardiac arrest and heart transplants in children. 
This September is the second annual Children’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness Month, an opportunity to educate people about the condition, its signs and risk factors, as well as advocate for policies that help address it. 
support, is H.R. 829, the SAFE PLAY Act. Introduced by Representatives LOISCAPPS and 
BILLPASCRELL , the bill would take a number of 
needed steps to protect the safety of student athletes, including developing emergency response plans at schools, communicating the risks of overexertion in hot weather, and teaching students to conduct CPR and use defibrillators. Another important measure of this bill is identifying students with cardiomyopathy to help them get treatment and reduce their risks. 
found out about his condition in time to stabilize his health and, after years on the donation list, he received a heart transplant. I’m so grateful that Matthew has the opportunity to pursue a bright future and dearly hope that other children facing cardiomyopathy get the same chance. Please join me in spreading awareness about this condition and supporting policies that can lead to early detection and better health outcomes for these kids. 
today to recognize and congratulate Dorothy Buch on the celebration of her 100th birthday. Dorothy celebrated her 100th birthday on August 12, 2015. 
the course of Dorothy’s life. Dorothy grew up on a farm in Mills County, Iowa. She would walk a mile to and from school every day. She was a 1932 graduate of Glenwood High School. Dorothy and her late husband, Carl, worked their farm for 61 years and are the proud parents of three daughters, five grandchildren, 10 greatgrandchildren, and 5 great greatgrandchildren. For years, Dorothy was the pianist and organist at the Trinity Lutheran Church where she still attends Sunday services. 
Iowans like Dorothy. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Dorothy on reaching this incredible milestone and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on 25 August 2015, the Great State of Texas lost one of its greatest sons. A world class trauma surgeon, educator and family man, Dr. James ‘‘Red’’ Duke is a legend of the Houston and Texas A&M communities. 
I was deeply saddened to hear of the loss 
Dr. Duke—or as I liked to call him ‘‘the John 
Wayne in scrubs’’—was Texan to the core. His trademark bristly mustache, gold rimmed glasses, lanky Texas swagger and heavy twang were second only to his colorful personality. 
I met Dr. Duke in the ‘80s when he appeared as an expert witness in criminal cases in my courtroom. (I was a felony court judge.) 
A few years later we teamed up as doctor 
and judge to teach high school students lessons about drunk driving. 
twice about their decisions is something I will never forget. 
straight shooter from humble roots, he was also one of the most celebrated folks in his field. He founded the Life Flight air ambulance service, wrote over forty publications, eighteen textbook chapters and gave almost 600 lectures. He became a household name through his educational TV series Bodywatch and the Texas Health Reports. 
Duke completed a twoyear tour of duty as a tank officer in the 2nd Armored Division, before returning home from Germany to enter a theological seminary in 1955. Shortly thereafter he switched from one life 
saving vocation to another, qualifying as a physician and taking up a residency at the Parkland Memorial Hospital, where in 1963 he was the first surgeon to receive President Kennedy after he was shot on that fateful day in Dallas. 
himself to treating trauma victims and educating young doctors, while in his spare time, generously giving his time to the Boy Scouts and wildlife conservation efforts. 
of Surgeon General of the United States, one year after being named Surgeon of the Year by the James F Mitchell Foundation. 
pleasure of Dr. Duke’s service in this role, we in Texas were happy to have him stay. We were fortunate to call Red our own. 
He was bigger than life. He was ‘‘John Wayne in Scrubs.’’ And that’s just the way it is. 
to recognize Detective Steve Hayes on receiving the Star of Texas Resolution for his service and dedication to the community. 
and respected member of the Coppell Police Department in Coppell, Texas, for several decades in different capacities. One routine traffic stop on March 31, 1995, changed his life forever. During the stop, a different vehicle struck his patrol car and left him with severe injuries to both his legs. Yet this didn’t stop him from returning to work and continuing to make a positive impact on the community in any capacity he could. 
endured multiple surgeries, and many months rehabbing and caring to his injuries, he came back to the police department as a training officer and dispatcher and has since been promoted. Today Steve works as a crime scene investigator and property crimes detective. His story is an inspiration and a strong message to all. 
board member of the Peace Officers Angels foundation. He regularly calls, travels, and meets with injured officers across the state as part of their program. He has been an integral part of the foundation and provides emotional support to other members of law enforcement injured on the job. It’s admirable and inspirational that he uses his unfortunate accident as a positive influence to aid fellow members of law enforcement with their struggles from being injured in the line of duty. 
the hard work and support Steve contributes as well as being awarded the Star of Texas Resolution. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in recognizing Detective Steve Hayes of the Coppell Police Department. TRIBUTE TO THE FARMERS 
today to recognize and congratulate the Farmers Telephone Company of Essex, Iowa. This year marks the 60th year of operation for the telecommunications company, which opened its doors in 1955. 
formed by a group of area farmers. The company has grown a great deal over the past 60 years, but they have kept their roots and remained at 615 Iowa Avenue in Essex since it first opened. While their location hasn’t changed, the way they operate their business has. The biggest change is the growth of internet service and the effects it has had on businesses and residents alike. General Manager Tim Hill attributes the longevity of the Farmers Telephone Company to its core base of local customers and its constant willingness to evolve to keep up with the times. 
the Farmers Telephone Company and its staff for providing cuttingedge telecommunication services to the Essex community and southwest Iowa for the past 60 years. I urge my colleagues in the United States Congress to join me in congratulating Farmers Telephone Company for their numerous achievements in the communications industry. I wish them and all of their employees nothing but the best moving forward. 
to honor and remember the life of John Lescoe, Jr. of Willimantic, Connecticut who passed away on September 14, 2015. John was a lifelong resident of Willimantic, where he lived with his wife Pauline ‘‘Bunny’’ Lescoe. He served as a State Representative for the 49th District in the Connecticut General Assembly for 12 years and First Selectman for the Town of Windham for two and a half years. 
in 1956. Following his two year service in the Marine Corps, John worked at Pratt & Whitney for eight years as a machinist. John then entered another phase of his life by enrolling in Eastern Connecticut State University in 1966, and graduated with a degree in Physical Education. 
John put his new degree to work by teaching physical education, social studies, and language arts for 30 years at Horace Porter Elementary School in Columbia, CT. In 1986, John won election to serve as State Representative of the 49th District in the Connecticut General Assembly. After representing the 49th District in Hartford from 1987 to 1999, John shifted to serve two and a half years as First Selectman for the Town of Windham. 
John also served the town as Alderman, Selectman, and was the last mayor of Willimantic and the first mayor of Windham. Among John’s signature accomplishments, were helping to secure funding for the town to install lights and a playground at Recreation Park, the Textile Museum, and the iconic ‘‘Frog Bridge’’ downtown. 
Beyond his 32 years of service as a public 
servant, John’s reputation for civic engagement was legendary. He was passionate about recreation, and not only played on a softball team himself for over 50 years, but also ran the Elk’s ‘‘Hoop Shoot’’ and the Knights of Columbus Free Throw contest for over 40 years, was a member of the Town Recreation Commission, and was involved with Little Pal basketball, Little League baseball, WYO and the intermediate junior high basketball travel team. 
than his children’s athletic events—he even created a shortcut on his computer to track his daughter’s statistics for the Springfield College basketball and rugby teams. John’s hard work to promote civic engagement and youth recreation was recognized when he was honored as the P.O.B.E. Elks Club Elk of the Year in 2003–2004, as president of the Polish Club, and an honorary member of the FrancoAmerican Citizens Club. 
deeply. I ask my colleagues to join me in offering our condolences to his wife, Pauline, and his family as they mourn the passing of a good man. 
corner of Chapel and College Streets in Downtown New Haven is Claire’s Corner Copia, a gourmet vegetarian restaurant that is among one of the most popular and beloved restaurants in the City. Founded by Claire and the late Frank Criscuolo, this community treasure is celebrating its 40th Anniversary and I am proud to rise today to join the community in extending my heartfelt congratulations on this remarkable milestone. 
A registered nurse by training, Claire decided she really wanted to find a way to work with her husband, Frank. Disappointed with some of the fare she was getting from local restaurants at the time, she and Frank opened Claire’s Corner Copia in 1975. Claire was determined to bring the essence of her home cooked meals to her restaurant and to create what she calls her ‘‘own utopia.’’ 
Claire’s is, in a word, eclectic. Its two walls 
of windows allow customers to enjoy the bustling crowds on Chapel and Church Streets, the tables and chairs do not match, and the menu is a series of blackboards with your choices written in colorful chalk. You wait in line to place your order, give your name to have it brought to you, you get your own cutlery, and bus your own table. Claire liked the idea of her customers ‘‘participating’’ in their dining experience. Over the course of its 40 year history, Claire’s Corner Copia has built a 
loyal following not only locally but for travelers as well. A Seattle resident who travels to New Haven on business recently told the local paper, ‘‘It’s the only restaurant I go to every time I come to New Haven. Everything is fresh and there is a wide assortment of characters.’’ That is Claire’s Corner Copia. 
What makes Claire’s Corner Copia so special—aside from the allvegetarian menu, the use of fresh ingredients, and its famous baked goods—is the atmosphere that Claire has created. Nearly everything on the menu is made inhouse, you can always find Claire buzzing around the restaurant, and her employees, many who have been with her for more than a decade love their work. Instead of relying on tips, her staff is paid a fair wage, provided health benefits, and paid time off. Claire and her staff dedicate themselves to providing their customers with a unique experience. That is the secret of the success of Claire’s Corner Copia. 
I want to extend a special note of congratulations to Claire Criscuolo. The restaurant business is not easy and her determination, vision, creativity, and entrepreneurial skill have made Claire’s Corner Copia an iconic local landmark. Claire is also a dedicated member of our community, supporting a variety of organizations including New Haven Reads, St. Francis and St. Rose of Lima Schools, and Smilow Cancer Hospital. I cannot remember a time when I did not know her and I consider myself fortunate to call her my friend. I am honored to rise today to extend my very best wishes to her and her staff on this very special occasion. Happy 40th Anniversary. 
today to recognize and congratulate Ronnie and Sharon Foster of Clarinda, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Ronnie and Sharon were married on August 8, 1955 at the New Market Methodist Church of New Market, Iowa. 
each other and their children, Beth, the late Dan, Don, the late Dusty, and Leesa, their grandchildren, and greatgrandchildren, truly embodies Iowa values. I commend this devoted couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. I wish them and their family all the best moving forward. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I would like to indicate that I inadvertently voted ‘‘Yes’’ on Roll Call 503. I intended to vote ‘‘No.’’ OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took office, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
added $7,524,161,038,059.02 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our nation, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amendment. 
today to recognize and congratulate Richard and Carolyn Miller of Neola, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on August 28, 1965 at the Grace Evangelical United Brethren Church in Story City. 
to each other and their children, Tami and Jeff, as well as their grandchildren, truly embodies Iowa’s values. I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
OPENING OF THE NEW SCHOOL OF NURSING AT THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN 
recognize the grand opening of the new academic building at the University of Michigan School of Nursing. 
The University of Michigan School of Nursing is a premier institution that is committed to teaching and training the next generation of nurses. Consistently recognized as one of the best nursing schools in the country, they have trained many individuals who have gone on to excel in the field of nursing and give back to their communities. In fact, just this year they were recognized for having six subspecialties ranked in the Top 10 of the U.S. News and World Report’s annual rankings. This includes the Nursing Administration program, which is ranked second, and the Family Nurse Practitioner and the Gerontology Primary Care program, which were both ranked third. This strong praise affirms the University’s commitment to training the ‘‘leaders and the best.’’ 
community. It is great to have a national leader in the field in Ann Arbor, Michigan. This new academic building will further enhance their ability to train the next generation of nurses who will be on the front lines of providing much needed care to those who need it most. It is especially exciting that the modern tools within this facility will teach students to work in contemporary and collaborative environments, which will help them prepare to excel at their jobs. Through this 75,000 squarefoot new structure, new nurses will continue to expand upon the University of Michigan’s reputation of excellence and high achievement. 
of the School of Nursing, deserves our praise for her leadership in spearheading the opening of this new facility and for her dedication to teaching. It is my hope that this grand opening will be the start of a new and continued era of excellence at the University of Michigan School of Nursing. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in honoring the opening of the new School of Nursing Academic Building at the University of Michigan. I wish each and every new student the best of luck and much success in their future endeavors. 
to honor and remember the life of Richard Duda of Griswold, Connecticut who passed away late last week. Dick was a fixture in Griswold, where he lived all his life with his wife Barbara and their two children. He was the quintessential ‘‘citizen’’ who believed giving back to the community was his duty. He served five terms in the Connecticut State Legislature representing the 58th district and as the Town Attorney for Griswold for many years. 
as the Chairman of the Griswold Democratic Town Committee for over 30 years. Outside of government, he was a board member at the local library, a member of St. Mary’s Church, and a member of the board of directors for Jewett City Savings Bank. His involvement in local government and advocacy was extensive, and his capacity to help was boundless. Dick saw his local law practice as a way to give back to the Griswold community. He embodied the ideal of the profession, serving as a resource and advocate for his neighbors— often taking cases that others would have passed over or accepting rates far lower than average for the time. His goal was to serve as a resource and as a true community lawyer. The law was his calling, and his passion. 
In politics and law, fields that can turn acrimonious, Dick was a true gentleman. He stayed above any bitterness, and his friends recall how he remained polite and deferential. His amiable manner, dedication to his community, and upbeat attitude will be sorely missed in Griswold. I ask my colleagues to please join me in offering our condolences to his wife Barbara, his son Christopher, and grandchildren Cameron, Caitlyn and Gavin. TRIBUTE TO CHARLIE WEIL 
today to recognize and congratulate Charlie Weil of Afton, Iowa, for his retirement from Wellman Dynamics in Creston after 50 years of service. 
years working as a molder for Wellman’s, which manufactures aluminum and magnesium sand castings for aerospace applications. He also spent a year serving our country in Vietnam and when he completed his service, he demonstrated great commitment to Wellman’s, immediately returning to work there. 
Mr. Speaker, Charlie’s hard work and dedication to his craft embodies the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating him on his achievement, and I wish him nothing but continued success and happiness in his retirement. 
in Action Day. As ViceChairman of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs I am constantly in awe of the sacrifices and efforts that have been made on behalf of our great country by the men and women who have worn the uniform of our Armed Services. 
Defense, more than 83,000 service members remain missing since World War II. These individuals represent a unique segment of the men and women who serve or have served in the Armed Forces—men and women who are missing or captured, unable to come home. 
I am proud to introduce H.R. 3558, legislation to create a forever stamp depicting the National League of Families POW/MIA flag. 
gratitude to this special segment of heroes, both past and present. I am forever grateful for their service. 
voted against H.R. 3504, which would limit women’s health care choices and interfere in the doctorpatient relationship, and against H.R. 3134, which would defund Planned Parenthood. It is bizarre to watch the manufactured controversy surrounding ambushtype, heavily edited journalism used to discredit Planned Parenthood. 
misleading tactics that are being used, which should be enough for most people to reject the allegations on their face. These attacks do not reflect my experience and knowledge of the amazing, dedicated, civicminded men and women who have built, supported, and led Planned Parenthood in my community. 
community, leaders in education, religion, business, and other civic affairs that provided the vision, the volunteer effort, and personal contributions to women’s health and reproductive freedom. There is no question that because of their efforts, tens of thousands of abortions never occurred in our community and those that did occur, did not result in harm to women. 
Planned Parenthood centers provided care to over 70,000 women in 2013, including over 25,000 breast and cervical cancer screenings. Nationally, Planned Parenthood cares for more than 2.5 million women annually. Planned Parenthood centers serve a greater share of safetynet clients than any other type of safetynet providers. Nearly 80 percent of women using Planned Parenthood have incomes at or below 150 percent of poverty— these clinics offer affordable health care options for women who may have no alternate source of care. 
The fact that we are engaged in a concerted 
assault against the provision of essential services to women, especially women of color and lowincome status is appalling. If people would take the time, as I have, to visit these facilities, meet the employees, and most importantly, know these community leaders that have made it possible to protect women’s health, to prevent countless abortions, and to promote wellbeing and education, would see the lies behind this heated rhetoric and misguided attacks. 
today to recognize and congratulate the Clarinda Community Theatre of Clarinda, Iowa for celebrating their 60th anniversary. The Community Theatre was founded in 1955 by a group of theatre enthusiasts. 
Theatre is to encourage and promote an interest in participating, observing, and supporting amateur theatre in the community of Clarinda. Clarinda resident Jolly Ann Davidson has played an important role in the success of the community theater. She felt it was important for Clarinda to have some form of live stage performances in town and has been the driving force in bringing numerous productions to Clarinda for the community to enjoy. Jolly Ann has performed in many of the plays and has seen the theatre grow into a topnotch performing arts facility. 
the Clarinda Community Theatre for reaching this 60year milestone. I am proud to represent all those who have been involved in creating this outstanding theater. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating them on a job well done and wishing them nothing but continued success. 
honor Mr. Charles Dorch, a remarkable leader whose passion for music and teaching has touched so many young people in Kansas City. Mr. Dorch attended Arkansas AM&N University in Pine Bluff on a music scholarship, and then turned down a job in Detroit to teach in Kansas City at Southeast High School after his wife was hired at Paseo High School. As we celebrate the distinguished and acclaimed history of Southeast High School in Missouri’s Fifth District, it is necessary that Mr. Dorch be celebrated as well. His dedication to his students as the band director reached far beyond expectations. 
and continuing to Southeast High School in 1973, Mr. Dorch was a gift to the music department of the Kansas City School District for over fifteen years. He was determined to revitalize the band program at the high school, by encouraging students to enjoy playing music in and outside of the classroom. While he was band director, the high school participated in numerous publicized appearances, including varsity football games, pregames, and half time shows; annual American Royal parades; the once Kansas City Kings basketball games; and even a bicentennial halftime performance at the Kansas City Chiefs football game. The regard of the band program, under his leadership, is clear when looking at this list of striking performances. 
the jazz lab, stage band, and symphonic concert band. All of these opportunities were ways in which students could be involved in activities outside of the classroom. Prospects for students to perform at such occasions as the Goombay Festival on a Bahamas cruise, the nationally televised Republican National Convention at the Charlie Parker Center, or move on to compete in district or allstate bands, were all ways in which students were enthused to further appreciate music and continue their education. 
beyond high school. He knew the importance of a college education, and many students continued on to schools such as Bishop College, Florida A&M, Langston University, and Prairie View A&M University, which I proudly call my alma mater. His effort to help his students’ musical interests did not stop with his students either. Mr. Dorch also created the Band Parents Association in order to get the students’ parents involved, as well as help with fundraising, which provided such amenities as new uniforms. His instruction through music also brought 
him to direct the St. James United Methodist Church choir for nine years. His musical aptitude shined in his ability to not only prime and motivate the choir during worship, but also expand their reach by adding instruments and genres of music to their ensemble. 
colleagues in conveying our gratitude to a teacher, a man of worship, and a man of music. Mr. Charles Dorch has spread his passion for music and has inspired thousands of his students, young and old alike. He has provided them with opportunities to show off their full musical talent and adoration, where they may have not been able to before or under different guidance. We join the alumni and leadership of Southeast High School in honoring the accomplishments of Mr. Charles Dorch for his tireless enrichment of our community and country. 
ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT AS SULLY DISTRICT SUPERVISOR 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and commend my former colleague Michael R. Frey on the occasion of his retirement after a distinguished 38year career in public service, culminating in his six terms representing the residents of the Sully District on the Fairfax County, Va., Board of Supervisors. 
western Fairfax since it was created following the 1990 census. Prior to seeking elected office, he served 14 years as a staff member to former Springfield District Supervisor and Chairman Jack Herrity and former Springfield District Supervisor Elaine McConnell. The Sully District was carved largely out of the Springfield District, so Michael was intimately familiar with the community. I had the great pleasure of serving with him during my 14 years on the Board, first representing the Providence District and then as Chairman. 
Fairfax County is the largest local jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Virginia and the National Capital Region, and Michael had a frontrow seat for much of that growth, particularly in the western part of the county, where the once sleepy rural community has become the largest magisterial district in the County. As a testament to his skill in working with those growing communities and managing the growth in Sully, Michael has chaired the Board’s Development Process Committee since 1992. 
In a career spanning four decades, Michael’s accomplishments are many, but let me cite just a few to convey the magnitude of the imprint he will leave on the community and our county. Michael and I both share a passion for history, and the Sully District is a historically rich community. It is home to several landmarks, including the Centreville Historic District and Park, which Michael helped to initiate and expand. The park contains remnants of one of the first fortifications constructed by the Confederate Army during the Civil War and was actually occupied by both sides during the conflict. He was instrumental in preserving historic Mount Gilead and the Sears House as well. 
Centreville Days, an annual community festival that attracts families from throughout the region. He championed the expansion of public facilities into western Fairfax, from new schools and libraries to parks and recreation centers to meet the explosive growth and demand from new residents. Of course, he was intimately involved in the project to construct the Sully District Police Station, in which his office is now located. I know I and the community will never forget the leadership and compassion Michael displayed following the May 8, 2006, tragic shooting outside the station in which two officers were killed. 
been a lifelong sports fan. He has coached youth baseball and basketball for multiple community sports leagues, and we worked together during my tenure on the board to convert playing fields to synthetic turf in Fairfax to expand such opportunities for our youth. Michael was active in the bid to lure a Major League Baseball team to Northern Virginia. He served on, and at one time chaired, the Virginia Baseball Stadium Authority. As we all know, the team ultimately relocated into Washington, D.C., but the efforts of Michael and the Authority were instrumental in baseball’s return to the National Capital Region. 
bringing up his steady canine companions. Since I’ve known him, Michael has owned a series of German shepherd rescue dogs—first Mosby, then Marley, and now Boomer—that have been a fixture by his side at community events and in his office. They made frequent appearances at Board meetings and retreats. Our love of animals is another shared bond, and I was pleased to work with Michael on various efforts to support the Fairfax County Animal Shelter and the construction of its new headquarters. 
During his tenure on the Board of Supervisors, Michael has represented Fairfax on a number of regional organizations, including the Metropolitan Washington Council of Government’s Transportation Planning Board and the Environmental Quality Advisory Committee. He has served on the Inova Health Care Services Board. In addition, Michael has represented Fairfax as part of regional or statewide delegations traveling overseas. 
In fact, I had the pleasure of traveling with 
Michael to Israel as part of a trip hosted by the Jewish Community Relations Council, in which we visited the Dead Sea. Wanting to have the full experience, we thought we’d partake in a mud bath, which we were assured held healing powers. Well, there’s a very unfortunate picture of the two of us that will never see the light of day under a ‘‘mutual selfdestruction pact’’ we’ve made and continue to honor, and I will remind Michael that our agreement endures past his life in elected office. 
our community and the mission of local government is unparalleled. He leaves behind a legacy that will enrich our community for generations to come. His career in public service is truly commendable and deserving of our heartfelt gratitude. When I was Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, Michael often heard me joke at retirement announcements that we 
and dedicated public servants. I know the residents of the Sully District certainly wish that was the case here. I join the community in 
wishing Michael the best of luck in his retirement, and Task my colleagues in the House to join me in expressing our appreciation for his commitment and service to not just the Sully District but all of Fairfax County. 
today to recognize and congratulate Charlie and Ruth Dix of Council Bluffs, on the very 
special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Charlie and Ruth were married in 1955. 
each other and their children, Cheryl, Eric, Mark, Andy and Paula, their grandchildren, and greatgrandchildren truly embodies Iowa values. I salute this devoted couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. I wish them and their family all the best moving forward. REGARDING THE ABSENCE OF 
September 14, my family and I said goodbye to a remarkable woman, my mother, Ruth Ann Trousdale. A devoted wife to our father, Earl, for 51 years until his death in 2012, she was a strong woman with an even stronger faith. As we mourn her passing, we also find comfort in knowing she is in the arms of our Lord and reunited with her beloved Earl, whom she missed so much. She was an inspiration to us all, and we will hold her memory in our hearts until we are reunited in heaven. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 2 p.m., on Monday, September 21, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 27 public bills, H.R. 3556–3582; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 78; and H. Res. 430–432 were introduced.
S. 136, to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United 
States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or deceased veterans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service (H. Rept. 114–263); 
H.R. 3089, to close out expired grants, and for 
other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–264); and 
H.R. 692, to ensure the payment of interest and 
principal of the debt of the United States (H. Rept. 114–265).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative RosLehtinen to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act: The House passed H.R. 3504, to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, by a yeaandnay vote of 248 yeas to 177 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 506.
of the bills (H.R. 3134) to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. and (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, was agreed to yesterday, September 17th. 
House passed H.R. 3134, to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 187 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 505.
Reject the Esty motion to recommit the bill the 
bill to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yeaand nay vote of 183 yeas to 245 nays, Roll No. 504. 
of the bills (H.R. 3134) to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. and (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper 
degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, was agreed to yesterday, September 17th. 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, September 22nd and further, 
when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to 
one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6165–66, H6166–67 and H6167. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 2:11 p.m. 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Medicaid Program for Beneficiaries’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Making DHS More Efficient: Industry Recommendations to Improve Homeland Security’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Subcommittee on Research and Technology; and Subcommittee on Oversight, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘NEON Warning Signs: Examining the Management of the National Ecological Observatory Network’’. Testimony was heard from James L. Olds, Assistant Director, Directorate for Biological Sciences, National Science Foundation; and a public witness. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Subcommittee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture held a hearing on the Defense Intelligence Agency and the Defense Clandestine Service. This hearing was closed. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD994 September 18, 2015 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 36, PainCapable Unborn Child Protection Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1323 Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1327 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1322, E1324, E1327 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1320 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E1319 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E1328 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1326 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1328 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1323, E1325, E1327 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E1319, E1321 
DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1319 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1326 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1326 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1318, E1318, E1319, E1320, E1320, 
Kato, John, N.Y., E1318 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1325 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1317 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E1324 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E1322, E1324 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1325 Poliquin, Bruce, Me., E1317 
Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E1318, E1322 Thompson, Glenn, Pa., E1322 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E1320 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1317 Wagner, Ann, Mo., E1329 Welch, Peter, Vt., E1326 Young, David, Iowa, E1322, E1323, E1324, E1325, E1325, 