couple of weeks, the effort to declassify the 28 pages of the Joint Inquiry Report into the 9/11 attacks has received a lot of media attention, mainly because of Zacarias Moussaoui’s recent comments exposing the financial link between the Saudi royal family and al Qaeda. 
on Intelligence, chaired by Senator Bob Graham, and the House Committee on Intelligence, chaired by Congressman Porter Goss, released the Joint Inquiry report into the 9/11 attacks. In a political move, the Bush administration then classified 28 pages of the report even though the contents of those 28 pages posed no national security risk to the United States. Rather, the contents of those 28 pages are probably embarrassing for the Bush administration. Senator Graham has repeatedly called for the 28 pages to be declassified as a result. 
divulge what is in them, but I can say that the contents deal with relationships. Senator Graham has openly said that the 28 pages deal with the Bush administration’s relationships with the Saudis. My colleagues Congressman STEPHEN LYNCH from Massachusetts 
Kentucky, who have also read the 28 pages, have joined me in introducing H. Res. 14, to urge the President to keep his word to the 9/11 families and declassify the 28 pages, which he could do with a stroke of a pen. 
pages is picking up momentum. Just last week, former Speaker of the House of Representatives Newt Gingrich tweeted his support for declassifying the 28 pages to 1.5 million of his followers. All of the principal players in producing the reports on the 9/11 attacks have called for the declassification of the 28 pages—Senator Bob Graham, Senator RICHARD SHELBY , Congressman Porter Goss, Congressman Tom Kean, and Congressman Lee Hamilton. I urge my colleagues to submit to the House Intelligence Committee a request to read the 28 pages and to join me, Congressman LYNCH , and Congressman M ASSIE in supporting H. Res. 14 as 
pages are declassified. The 9/11 families have a right to this information in the 28 pages, and the American people deserve to know the truth about what caused the 9/11 attacks. For more information on this effort to declassify the 28 pages, visit 28pages.org. 
and may God continue to bless our men and women in uniform. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 
to highlight two important new reports released today by the Food Research 
and Action Center, or FRAC, on the School Breakfast Program. FRAC’s reports—the School Breakfast Scorecard, and School Breakfast: Making it Work in Large School Districts—show that we have made progress in expanding access to school breakfast but that work remains to be done. 
million students received a healthy school breakfast on the average schoolday. That is an average of 320,000 more students per day who received school breakfasts than the year before. The reports show that more students than ever are participating in the School Breakfast Program and are receiving healthy breakfasts on schooldays. We have made real progress in making sure that students who are eligible receive breakfast. The School Breakfast Program, along with the National School Lunch Program, are critically important antihunger programs that ensure that our most vulnerable children don’t go hungry. 
adage that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Research shows that students who eat healthy breakfasts have improved test scores, miss fewer days of school, and make fewer trips to the nurse’s office; but for many students, they begin their schooldays on an empty stomach, with the last meal eaten having been yesterday’s school lunch. Monday mornings are especially difficult for students from families who are struggling to put food on their tables at home. They may have gone the entire weekend without eating a full or a balanced meal. Recent data from the Census Bureau show that one in five children received SNAP, or food stamp benefits, last year. Too many of our children don’t know where their next meals will come from, making the meals they count on in school all the more important. 
the Great Recession, and economic gains are uneven, especially among lowincome families. Too many families are still operating with tight family budgets and are struggling to pay the bills and to put enough nutritious food on the table. I am sure that all of us can relate to the hectic morning rush to get kids and parents out the door on time in the mornings, especially when both parents are working to try to make ends meet. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the best attributes of the School Breakfast Program is the flexibility the schools have to design programs that work for their own students and their own schools. The FRAC reports highlight a number of ways that school districts have successfully made the School Breakfast Program work for them: 
classroom, where the students can eat healthy breakfasts at their desks while getting ready for the day. School districts with a high proportion of lowincome students can qualify for a community eligibility provision, by which 
all students in the school can receive free breakfasts and lunches. Still other schools serve a traditional breakfast in the cafeteria at the start of the day. 
School Breakfast Program ensures that students, especially lowincome students, are ready to learn and aren’t distracted by hunger. 
of 2010 provided many important updates to the School Breakfast Program, including improving nutrition standards. Last year was the first year that the new nutrition standards were in place. Despite some of the buzz about students not liking the new meals, more students are participating in the School Breakfast Program than ever before. Not only are more students eating breakfast, but they are eating a healthier breakfast. 
Mr. Speaker, investing in our children by making sure they don’t go hungry and by providing them with a worldclass education is the best downpayment we can make for our future economic success. As this Congress begins the process of reauthorizing the school nutrition programs, we must continue to build upon the gains and 
participation and improvements in nutrition standards that we have made in the School Breakfast Program. It would be foolish to roll back nutrition standards just because special interests or some students don’t like them. 
are doing a better job in making sure that kids start their day with a healthy breakfast but that there is more work to be done. For every 100 kids who receive free school lunches, only 53 receive school breakfasts. We must do more to expand the School Breakfast Program and increase participation so that all students who qualify for free and reduced priced lunches have the opportunity to receive healthy school breakfasts. 
more to end hunger now, and expanding and strengthening the School Breakfast Program is an important step in that direction. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Abraham) for 5 minutes. 
today to celebrate the life of Erle Edwards Barham, a man who dedicated his life to public service in northeast Louisiana. 
October. His memory will carry on with his family and friends, and the agricultural community will honor him in March as the newest inductee to the Louisiana Agriculture Hall of Distinction. If you look at his life’s work, it is easy to see why. 
held degrees from Louisiana State University and the University of Louisiana at Monroe. He farmed cotton, rice, soybeans, and corn in the fields of Louisiana and Mississippi, sowing the initial seeds that would grow into his legacy as a truly great agricultural leader. 
community include service in the Louisiana Cotton Producers Association and the Northeast Louisiana Rice Growers Association. He founded Flying Tiger Aviation, one of the Nation’s premier agriculture flight schools, which provides an invaluable service to my district, one of the largest row crop districts in the Nation. 
history as well. In 1975, he became the first Republican in modern times to be elected to the State senate, a position he pursued so he could create a better life for all Louisianans. 
on the Louisiana Board of Regents, the University of Louisiana System Board of Supervisors, and the Louisiana Community and Technical College System Board of Supervisors. 
Barham, were married for 56 years. They had four children: the late Ben Edwards Barham, II; Erle West Barham; Robert Berry Barham; and Amy Barham Westbrook. He was also loved by a number of grandchildren and nieces and nephews. 
place today because of the contributions that Edwards Barham made to our community. I am honored to have called him a friend, and I know he will be greatly missed. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, the House of Representatives is expected to vote on Senatepassed legislation—something that has already passed out of the House—that would immediately authorize the construction and operation of the Keystone XL pipeline. 
Obama has hidden behind political motives to delay a decision on the pipeline. While this administration has continued to engage in partisan politics, the American people have missed out on lower energy costs, thousands of new jobs, billions of new tax revenue, and a heightened level of energy security that would have been created by the pipeline’s approval. 
was wounded in the Middle East, I believe that we should do everything we can to end dependence on Middle East energy. 
Obama wins or loses. This is about doing what is right for the American 
people. The Keystone project is about ensuring a reliable energy source from our allies to the north—Canada—while creating tens of thousands of American jobs in the process. Approving the Keystone XL will also help to substantially reduce our imports from overseas. 
have an opportunity to put politics aside, show real leadership, and sign the Keystone XL pipeline into law. Unfortunately, a veto threat still looms. 
Mr. Speaker, this country needs a responsible, affordable, and reliable energy supply. The American people deserve as much. The approval of the Keystone XL pipeline is a great first step. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HILL) at 2 p.m. 
You so that, with Your spirit and aware of Your presence among us, we may all face the tasks of this day with grace and confidence. 
which we are living make them genuine enough to maintain their integrity, great enough to be humble, good enough to keep their faith, always regarding public office as a sacred trust. Give them the wisdom and the courage to fail not their fellow citizens nor You. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, as cochair of the German American Caucus, I rise to highlight this important juncture in European security strategy, the shared economic opportunities, and the future prosperity of both nations. 
Yesterday, German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited the United States for bilateral meetings with the Obama administration. While the primary topic was mutual security, the visit also afforded an opportunity to display the strong ties between our two great countries. 
visible through the thousands of businesses, on both sides of the Atlantic, which provide employment and help support local economies. As two of the world’s largest economies, opportunities for trade and investment are plentiful. Annually, hundreds of thousands of tourists from our respective nations travel to experience the landmarks, culture, and elements that define both as nations. 
many of my colleagues when I say that Chancellor Merkel’s visit was certainly welcomed, and we look forward to building on our relationship. 
only 18 days left until the Department of Homeland Security runs out of money and shuts down on February 28. 
The Republican leadership, unfortunately, is still wasting time in this body in their appealing to the extremists within their party rather than addressing these important challenges that our country faces. The Republicans’ extreme antiimmigration DHS funding bill is dead on arrival in the Senate, as they know. Border security experts have referred to the bill as ineffective, not serious, and dangerous for our Nation’s security. Instead of coming together with Democrats in a bipartisan fashion to address the DHS funding issue and ensure the security of American families, we continue to see the House squander time, moving even further to the right in order to appease the most extreme voices. 
people. Please, please join Democrats and Republicans to protect the American people and fund the Department of Homeland Security immediately. Then we can focus on middle class economics, which can create bigger paychecks for all Americans and build new infrastructure, and we can get back to the work of the American people. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today because this House has an important job to finish, one that involves providing some certainty for our family farmers and property owners at all income levels. It is the conservation easement legislation, which will make the incentive permanent. It was sponsored in past sessions by over 300 Members of this House and by many Members in the Senate. 
has enabled property owners across the country to voluntarily preserve their land. In some cases, the availability of the tax credit means the difference between keeping a family farm or selling it. In my time as township supervisor and as county commissioner in Chester County, one of my top priorities was preserving farmland and natural resources, but it required the collaboration and the financial wherewithal of the landowner. The conservation easement legislation that we seek to make permanent will enable more of that to happen. 
Berks County Conservancy, the Natural Lands Trust, the Brandywine Conservancy, and the French and Pickering Creeks Conservation Trust, have all been very, very helpful in making Berks, Chester, Lebanon, and Montgomery Counties great places to live and raise a family. Families cannot make longterm decisions with short term extensions about what is probably their most important, valuable assets. So let’s finish our job, Mr. Speaker, and commit to making this the year we make permanent the Federal conservation easement tax incentive. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
country’s economic forecast continues to improve, which is a good thing, but we do risk leaving far too many people behind as we come out of a recession. That is an issue for us all. 
STEM education—science, technology, engineering, and mathematics—is a critical vehicle in making sure that all Americans have access to the economic gains that will power our 
country for the next generation. Over the next 10 years, STEM jobs will grow at normally double the rate of non STEM jobs, and at all levels of education, STEM careers earn about 11 percent higher wages compared to their counterparts in other jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an enormous opportunity, but, to date, our efforts around STEM education have left huge segments of our population behind. Combined, Hispanics and African Americans only occupy about 13 percent of all STEM jobs. While women make up nearly half of the workforce overall, only 26 percent of STEM jobs are held by women. In 2013, there were 11 States in which not a single African American student took a computer science advanced placement test, and there were eight States in which no Hispanic students did and three States in which no women did. 
us all. With this in mind, I rise, along with Representative TONKO and Senator G ILLIBRAND , to introduce the 
STEM Gateways Act, which will try to make sure that access to the jobs of tomorrow is spread to all Americans. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
month of the 114th Congress has been a busy one as House Republicans have gotten right to work in tackling the difficult issues facing the Nation. 
We started off the new year by passing two pieces of bipartisan legislation designed to minimize the consequences caused by ObamaCare. We also approved three bills that will help us on our way to energy independence and that will increase access to affordable North American oil. The House acted swiftly to defund in their entirety the President’s executive actions on illegal aliens, and we passed legislation that would ensure that veterans who may be struggling will have access to the mental health care services and support they need. 
While House Republicans have accomplished a great deal in a relatively short time, there is still much work to do. We are focused on growing our economy from the ground up, not from the top down, to help get people back to work and restore opportunity for everyone. 
single day, our national security personnel work tirelessly to protect Americans from harm. At a time of renewed threats from ISIS around the world and with the recent attacks in France, these men and women have done the 
tremendous job of keeping our country safe; but unless Congress acts in 17 days, the Department of Homeland Security will run out of funding. 
Johnson has warned that 30,000 Homeland Security workers will be furloughed, and the rest will be forced to work without pay. Is this really how our government should treat its employees on the front line of our national security system? 
Obama’s executive action on immigration, House Republicans have attached toxic policy riders to their Department of Homeland Security bill. The Republicancontrolled Senate has rejected this bill three times, but rather than taking up clean legislation to provide our frontline personnel with the resources they need to protect our country, they instead are attaching all of these toxic riders. 
political games with our national security. I call on my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to stop putting politics ahead of the safety of American families and fund the Department of Homeland Security immediately. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, a million jobs were created in the last 3 months; the deficit is down, and the stock market is up; but instead of building on this progress, the Republican Party is again threatening a partial government shutdown. This time, it is the Department of Homeland Security. We don’t have many days left. 
fringe of the majority party disagrees with the President’s decision to address our broken immigration system. If they don’t get their way, they would stop paying our Border Patrol agents, stop paying our TSA security screeners at airports, stop paying the Coast Guard and Secret Service. The men and women who work to keep us secure would have to worry about how they would feed their families instead of protecting our country. 
to our economy. I urge my colleagues to let common sense prevail and pass a clean Department of Homeland Security bill. The American people deserve their security. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
Appointment: United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
Appointment: Washington’s Farewell Address. With best wishes, I am 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia) at 4 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 810) to authorize the programs of 
the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2015’’. 
crew capsule’’ means the multipurpose crew vehicle described in section 303 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18323). 
‘‘Space Launch System’’ means the followon Governmentowned civil launch system developed, managed, and operated by the Administration to serve as a key component to expand human presence beyond lowEarth orbit, as described in section 302 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322). 
the Administration for fiscal year 2015 $18,010,200,000 as follows: 
Science, with up to $30,000,000 for the Astrobiology Institute; 
into the solar system shall be a core mission of the Administration. It is the policy of the United States that the goal of the Administration’s exploration program shall be to successfully conduct a crewed mission to the surface of Mars to begin human exploration of that planet. The use of the surface of the Moon, cislunar space, nearEarth asteroids, Lagrangian points, and Martian moons may be pursued provided they are properly incorporated into the Human Exploration Roadmap described in section 70504 of title 51, United States Code. 
‘Space Launch System’ means the followon Governmentowned civil launch system developed, managed, and operated by the Administration to serve as a key component to expand human presence beyond lowEarth orbit, as described in section 302 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322).’’. 
nonUnited States human space flight capabilities unless no domestic commercial or publicprivate partnership provider that the Administrator has determined to meet safety and affordability requirements established by NASA for the transport of its astronauts is available to provide such capabilities. 
Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18313) is amended— 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
the cost effectiveness of the longterm space exploration and utilization activities of the United States, the Administrator shall direct the Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate, or its successor division, to develop a Human Exploration Roadmap to define the specific capabilities and technologies necessary to extend human presence to the surface of Mars and the sets and sequences of missions required to demonstrate such capabilities and technologies. 
President should invite the United States partners in the International Space Station program and other nations, as appropriate, to participate in an international initiative 
under the leadership of the United States to achieve the goal of successfully conducting a crewed mission to the surface of Mars. 
and technologies that contribute to extending human presence to the surface of Mars and the sets and sequences of missions necessary to demonstrate the proficiency of these capabilities and technologies with an emphasis on using or not using the International Space Station, lunar landings, cis lunar space, translunar space, Lagrangian points, and the natural satellites of Mars, Phobos and Deimos, as testbeds, as necessary, and shall include the most appropriate process for developing such capabilities and technologies; 
cooperation in the development of all technologies and capabilities required in this section, as well as an assessment of the risks posed by relying on international partners for capabilities and technologies on the critical path of development; 
Roadmap an addendum from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Advisory Council, and an addendum from the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, each with a statement of review of the Human Exploration Roadmap that shall include— 
Roadmap an examination of the benefits of utilizing current Administration launch facilities for translunar missions. 
update such Human Exploration Roadmap as needed but no less frequently than every 2 years and include it in the budget for that 
the process of developing such capabilities and technologies during the 2year period prior to the submission of the update to Congress; and 
terms ‘Orion crew capsule’ and ‘Space Launch System’ have the meanings given such terms in section 20302.’’. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a copy of the Human Exploration Roadmap developed under section 70504 of title 51, United States Code, to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
transmit a copy of each updated Human Exploration Roadmap to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 7 days after such Human Exploration Roadmap is updated. 
practical approach to reaching the Moon, Mars, and beyond, and Congress reaffirms the policy and minimum capability requirements for the Space Launch System contained in section 302 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322); 
programmatic risk, the Administrator shall budget for and undertake a robust ground test and uncrewed and crewed flight test and demonstration program for the Space Launch System and the Orion crew capsule and shall budget for an operational flight rate sufficient to maintain safety and operational readiness. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the Administration’s acquisition of ground systems in support of the Space Launch System. The report shall assess the extent to which ground systems acquired in support of the Space Launch System are focused on the direct support of the Space Launch System and shall identify any ground support projects or activities that the Administration is undertaking that do not solely or primarily support the Space Launch System. 
later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and concluding not later than 1 year after such date of enactment, the Administrator shall conduct a wellpublicized competition among students in elementary and secondary schools to name the elements of the Administration’s exploration program, including— 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Associate Administrator of the Administration shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that— 
the development cost of the Space Launch System which may result from conducting a competition for an advanced booster; and 
to the Space Launch System 2017 Exploration Mission–1 launch as a result of increased costs associated with conducting a competition for an advanced booster. 
shall meet the practical needs and the minimum capability requirements described in 
section 303 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18323). 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— 
Orion crew capsule will be available to transport crew and cargo to the International Space Station; and 
develop a space radiation mitigation and management strategy and implementation plan to enable the achievement of the goal established in section 201 that includes key research and monitoring requirements, milestones, a timetable, and an estimate of facility and budgetary requirements. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the strategy and plan to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
with the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies, shall assess the national capabilities for carrying out critical groundbased research on space radiation biology and shall identify any issues that could affect the ability to carry out that research. 
into an arrangement with the National Academies for a study to explore the planetary protection ramifications of potential future missions by astronauts such as to the lunar polar regions, nearEarth asteroids, the moons of Mars, and the surface of Mars. 
done to date with respect to planetary protection measures to be applied to potential human missions such as to the lunar polar regions, nearEarth asteroids, the moons of Mars, and the surface of Mars; 
defining and classifying the degree of concern associated with each likely destination; 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide the results of the study to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House 
ideal testbed for future exploration systems development, including longduration space travel. 
is paramount to the continued success of the International Space Station and National Laboratory. 
Station program shall have two primary objectives: supporting achievement of the goal established in section 201 of this Act and pursuing a research program that advances knowledge and provides benefits to the Nation. It shall continue to be the policy of the United States to, in consultation with its international partners in the International Space Station program, support full and complete utilization of the International Space Station. 
be utilized to the maximum extent practicable for the development of capabilities and technologies needed for the future of human exploration beyond lowEarth orbit and shall be considered in the development of the Human Exploration Roadmap developed under section 70504 of title 51, United States Code. 
the operation and full utilization of the International Space Station; and 
transfer is unacceptable, and the Nation’s human space flight program must acquire the capability to launch United States astronauts on United States rockets from United States soil as soon as is safe and practically possible, whether on Governmentowned and operated space transportation systems or privately owned systems that have been certified for flight by the appropriate Federal agencies. 
a commercially developed launch and delivery system to the International Space Station for crew missions as expressed in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 
109–155), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–422), and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–267); 
of United States commercially provided International Space Station crew transfer and crew rescue services to the maximum extent practicable; 
the United States to maintain an uninterrupted capability for human space flight and operations in lowEarth orbit, and beyond, as an essential instrument of national security and the capability to ensure continued United States participation and leadership in the exploration and utilization of space.’’. 
States Code, and the item relating to such chapter in the table of chapters for such title, are repealed. 
51, United States Code, and the item relating to such chapter in the table of chapters for such title, are repealed. 
of title 51, United States Code, and the item relating to such section in the table of sections for chapter 501 of such title, are repealed. 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the feasibility of extending the operation of the International Space Station that includes— 
execution of the Human Exploration Roadmap developed under section 70504 of title 51, United States Code; 
estimate needed to deorbit the International Space Station once a decision is made to deorbit the laboratory. 
of Science and Technology Policy, in consultation with the Administrator, academia, other Federal agencies, the International Space Station National Laboratory Advisory Committee, and other potential stakeholders, shall develop and transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a strategic plan for conducting competitive, peerreviewed research in physical and life sciences and related technologies on the International Space Station through at least 2020. 
recommendations established by the National Academies in its Decadal Survey on 
(II) the use of model systems; (III) the testing of flight hardware to understand and ensure its functioning in the microgravity environment; 
among the direct and indirect effects of microgravity, among other effects of the flight or space environment; 
(VI) procedures to ensure repetition of experiments, as needed; 
Exploration Roadmap described in section 70504 of title 51, United States Code; 
the measurements and analysis of the research to be carried out under the strategic plan; 
(iii) the capabilities needed to support direct, realtime communications between astronauts working on research experiments onboard the International Space Station and the principal investigator on the ground; 
user community in research planning, including planning for relevant flight hardware and instrumentation, and for utilization of the International Space Station, free flyers, or other research platforms; 
(vi) defined metrics for success of the research plan. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the progress of the organization chosen for the management of the International Space Station National Laboratory as directed in section 504 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354). 
to encourage commercial companies to invest in microgravity research using National Laboratory research facilities. 
enter into an arrangement with the National Academies for an assessment to— 
The Administrator shall utilize the International Space Station for Science Mission Directorate missions in lowEarth orbit wherever it is practical and cost effective to do so. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that— 
the manner in which the Administration procures and manages similar services upon the expiration of the existing Commercial Resupply Services contract; and 
Commercial Resupply Services contract that should be applied to the procurement and management of commercially provided crew transfer services to and from the International Space Station. 
Congress that once developed and certified to meet the Administration’s safety and reliability requirements, United States commercially provided crew transportation systems offer the potential of serving as the primary means of transporting American astronauts and international partner astronauts to and from the International Space Station and serving as International Space Station emergency crew rescue vehicles. At the same time, the budgetary assumptions used by the Administration in its planning for the Commercial Crew Program have consistently assumed significantly higher funding levels than have been authorized and appropriated by Congress. It is the sense of Congress that credibility in the Administration’s budgetary estimates for the Commercial Crew Program can be enhanced by an independently developed cost estimate. Such credibility in budgetary estimates is an important factor in understanding program risk. 
and recommendations of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board, the Administration shall ensure that safety and the minimization of the probability of loss of crew are the highest priorities of the commercial crew transportation program. 
cornerstone of ensuring a safe and reliable commercial crew transportation service to the International Space Station. The Administrator shall, to the greatest extent practicable, ensure that every commercial crew transportation services provider has provided evidencebased support for their costs and schedule. 
after the Federal Acquisition Regulation based contract for the Commercial Crew Transportation Capability Contract is awarded, the Administrator shall arrange for the initiation of an Independent Cost and Schedule Estimate for— 
and Schedule Estimate shall provide an estimate for each of the following scenarios: 
next 3 fiscal years that are included as part of commercial crew transportation capability contract awards. 
Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing 4 distinct implementation strategies based on such Independent Cost and Schedule Estimate for the final stages of the commercial crew program. 
previously in any budget submission but that the Administration believes could ensure the flight readiness date of 2017 for at least one provider. 
a plan, in consultation with relevant Federal agencies, for updating the Administration’s space communications and navigation architecture for lowEarth orbital and deep space operations so that it is capable of meeting the Administration’s communications needs over the next 20 years. The plan shall include lifecycle cost estimates, milestones, estimated performance capabilities, and 5year funding profiles. The plan shall also include an estimate of the amounts of any reimbursements the Administration is likely to receive from other Federal agencies during the expected life of the upgrades described in the plan. At a minimum, the plan shall include a description of the following: 
navigation network requirements for the next 20 years, including those in support of human space exploration missions. 
meet future space communications requirements after all Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System thirdgeneration communications satellites are operational. 
transmit the plan developed under this section to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010, that a balanced and adequately funded set of activities, consisting of research and analysis grants programs, technology development, small, medium, and large space missions, and suborbital research activities, contributes to a robust and productive science program and serves as a catalyst for innovation and discovery.’’. 
funding of programs and activities for the Administration for each fiscal year, the Administrator shall to the greatest extent practicable follow guidance provided in the current decadal surveys from the National Academies’ Space Studies Board. 
Congress that conducting deep space exploration requires radioisotope power systems, and establishing continuity in the production of the material needed to power these systems is paramount to the success of these future deep space missions. It is further the 
sense of Congress that Federal agencies supporting the Administration through the production of such material should do so in a cost effective manner so as not to impose excessive reimbursement requirements on the Administration. 
and Technology Policy and the Administrator, in consultation with other Federal agencies, shall conduct an analysis of— 
for radioisotope power system material that is needed to carry out planned, high priority robotic missions in the solar system and other surface exploration activities beyond lowEarth orbit; and 
conversion technology such as advanced thermocouples and Stirling generators and converters; and 
programs of any potential delays in achieving the schedule and milestones for planned domestic production of radioisotope power system material; 
to increase the amount of material produced each year, if such an increase is needed to support additional Administration requirements for the material; 
will take, in consultation with the Department of Energy, to preserve the infrastructure and workforce necessary for production of radioisotope power systems and ensure that its reimbursements to the Department of Energy associated with such preservation are equitable and justified; and 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the results of the analysis to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
Congress that principal investigatorled small orbital science missions, including CubeSat class, University Explorer (UNEX) class, Small Explorer (SMEX) class, and Venture class, offer valuable opportunities to advance science at low cost, train the next generation of scientists and engineers, and enable participants in the program to acquire skills in systems engineering and systems integration that are critical to maintaining the Nation’s leadership in space and to enhancing the United States innovation and competitiveness abroad. 
of existing small orbital science mission programs and the extent to which each program enables the participation of university scientists and students; 
shall carry out biennial reviews within each of the Science divisions to assess the cost and benefits of extending the date of the termination of data collection for those missions that exceed their planned missions’ lifetime. The assessment shall take into consideration how extending missions impacts the start of future missions. 
POTENTIAL BENEFITS OF INSTRUMENTS ON MISSIONS .—When deciding whether to extend a 
mission that has an operational component, the Administrator shall consult with any affected Federal agency and shall take into account the potential benefits of instruments on missions that are beyond their planned mission lifetime. 
enter into an arrangement with the National Academies to develop a science strategy for the study and exploration of extrasolar planets, including the use of the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite, the James Webb Space Telescope, a potential WideField Infrared Survey Telescope mission, or any other telescope, spacecraft, or instrument as appropriate. Such strategy shall— 
with international partners, commercial partners, and other notforprofit partners; and 
other activities of the Administration as they relate to extrasolar planet research and exploration; and 
and advance the search for the origins of the universe; 
enable American scientists to maintain their leadership in astrophysics and other disciplines; 
the James Webb Space Telescope is a high congressional priority; and 
the Administrator to ensure that integrated testing is appropriately timed and sufficiently comprehensive to enable potential issues to be identified and addressed early enough to be handled within the James Webb Space Telescope’s development schedule prior to launch. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate outlining the cost of the Administration’s potential plan for developing the WideField Infrared Survey Telescope as described in the 2010 National Academies’ astronomy and astrophysics decadal survey, including an alternative plan for the Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope 2.4, which includes the donated 2.4meter aperture National Reconnaissance Office telescope. Due to the budget constraints on the Administration’s science programs, this report shall include— 
mission concepts that exclude the utilization of the donated asset; 
Congress that the Administrator, to the extent practicable, should make progress on the technologies and capabilities needed to position the Administration to meet the objectives of the WideField Infrared Survey Telescope mission, as outlined in the 2010 National Academies’ astronomy and astrophysics decadal survey, in a way that maximizes the scientific productivity of meeting those objectives for the resources invested. It is further the sense of Congress that the WideField Infrared Survey Telescope mission has the potential to enable scientific discoveries that will transform our understanding of the universe. 
The Administrator shall not use any funding appropriated to the Administration for fiscal year 2015 for the shutdown of the Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy or for the preparation therefor. 
carries out a balanced set of planetary science programs in accordance with the priorities established in the most recent decadal survey for planetary science. Such programs shall include, at a minimum— 
decadal survey period, including a Europa mission with a goal of launching by 2021. 
credible threat to humankind, as many scientists believe that a major asteroid or comet was responsible for the mass extinction of the majority of the Earth’s species, including the dinosaurs, approximately 65,000,000 years ago. 
or passed through the Earth’s atmosphere several times in the Earth’s history and pose a similar threat in the future. 
only been discovered within days of the objects’ closest approach to Earth, and recent discoveries of such large objects indicate that many large nearEarth objects remain to be discovered. 
Office of Science and Technology Policy and the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, an initial report that provides— 
coordinate and cooperate with other countries to discover hazardous asteroids and comets, plan a mitigation strategy, and implement that strategy in the event of the discovery of an object on a likely collision course with Earth. 
initial report the Administrator shall annually transmit to the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that provides— 
Earth Object Program to include the detection, tracking, cataloguing, and characterization of potentially hazardous nearEarth objects less than 140 meters in diameter. 
Congress that the Administration should seek to leverage the capabilities of the private sector and philanthropic organizations to the maximum extent practicable in carrying out the NearEarth Object Survey program in order to meet the goal of the Survey program. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing how the Administration can expand collaborative partnerships to detect, track, catalogue, and categorize nearEarth objects. 
FROM NEAREARTH OBJECT IMPACT .—The Administrator, in collaboration with the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and other relevant agencies, shall prepare a report identifying and describing existing research activities and further research objectives that would increase our understanding of the nature of the effects of potential tsunamis that 
could occur if a nearEarth object were to impact an ocean of Earth. 
enter into an arrangement with the National Academies to develop a science strategy for astrobiology that would outline key scientific questions, identify the most promising research in the field, and indicate the extent to which the mission priorities in existing decadal surveys address the search for life’s origin, evolution, distribution, and future in the Universe. The strategy shall include recommendations for coordination with international partners. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing how the Administration can expand collaborative partnerships to study life’s origin, evolution, distribution, and future in the Universe. 
enter into an arrangement with the National Academies to assess— 
Mars exploration architecture and its responsiveness to the strategies, priorities, and guidelines put forward by the National Academies’ planetary science decadal surveys and other relevant National Academies Marsrelated reports; 
Marsrelated activities to be undertaken by agencies and organizations outside of the United States; and 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the results of the assessment to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
Science and Technology Policy, in consultation with the Administrator, the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Director of the National Science Foundation, and heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall enter into an arrangement with the National Academies to provide a comprehensive study that reviews current and planned ground based and spacebased space weather monitoring requirements and capabilities, identifies gaps, and identifies options for a robust and resilient capability. The study shall inform the process of identifying national needs for future space weather monitoring, forecasts, and mitigation. The National Academies shall give consideration to international and private sector efforts and collaboration that could potentially contribute to national space weather needs. The study shall also review the current state of research capabilities in observing, modeling, 
and prediction and provide recommendations to ensure future advancement of predictive capability. 
Congress that the Administration is being asked to undertake important Earth science activities in an environment of increasingly constrained fiscal resources, and that any transfer of additional responsibilities to the Administration, such as climate instrument development and measurements that are currently part of the portfolio of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, should be accompanied by the provision of additional resources to allow the Administration to carry out the increased responsibilities without adversely impacting its implementation of its existing Earth science programs and priorities. 
continue to carry out a balanced Earth science program that includes Earth science research, Earth systematic missions, competitive Venture class missions, other missions and data analysis, mission operations, technology development, and applied sciences, consistent with the recommendations and priorities established in the National Academies’ Earth Science Decadal Survey. 
shall collaborate with other Federal agencies, including the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, nongovernment entities, and international partners, as appropriate, in carrying out the Administration’s Earth science program. The Administration shall continue to develop firstofa kind instruments that, once proved, can be transitioned to other agencies for operations. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Administration’s Venture class missions provide opportunities for innovation in the Earth science program, offer lowcost approaches for highquality competitive science investigations, enable frequent flight opportunities to engage the Earth science and applications community, and serve as a training ground for students and young scientists. It is further the sense of Congress that the Administration should seek to increase the number of Venture class projects to the extent practicable as part of a balanced Earth science program. 
The Administrator shall carry out a scientific assessment of the Administration’s Earth science global datasets for the purpose of identifying those datasets that are useful for understanding regional changes and variability, and for informing applied science research. The Administrator shall complete and transmit the assessment to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
will help maintain the United States status as a leader in aviation, enhance the competitiveness of the United States in the world economy and improve the quality of life of all citizens; 
Administration’s mission, continues to be an important core element of the Administration’s mission and should be supported; 
and consult with relevant Federal agencies and the private sector to minimize duplication and leverage resources; and 
of maturity that allows the Administration’s research results to be transitioned to the users, whether private or public sector, is critical to their eventual adoption. 
Administration maintains a strong aeronautics research portfolio ranging from fundamental research through integrated systems research with specific research goals, including the following: 
Research Mission Directorate shall address research needs of the Next Generation Air Transportation System and identify critical gaps in technology which must be bridged to enable the implementation of the Next Generation Air Transportation System so that safety and productivity improvements can be achieved as soon as possible. 
The Administration’s Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate shall conduct research to improve aircraft performance and minimize environmental impacts. The Associate Administrator for the Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate shall consider and pursue concepts to reduce noise, emissions, and fuel consumption while maintaining high safety standards, and shall conduct research related to the impact of alternative fuels on the safety, reliability and maintainability of current and new air vehicles. 
Directorate shall proactively address safety challenges associated with current and new air vehicles and with operations in the Nation’s current and future air transportation system. 
Research Mission Directorate shall mature the most promising technologies to the point at which they can be demonstrated in a relevant environment and shall integrate individual components and technologies as appropriate to ensure that they perform in an integrated manner as well as they do when operated individually. 
consultation with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and other Federal agencies, shall carry out research and technological development to facilitate the safe integration of unmanned aerial systems into the National Airspace System, including— 
United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘Operational flight data derived from these cooperative agreements shall be made available, in appropriate and usable formats, to the Administration and the Federal Aviation Administration for the development of regulatory standards.’’ after ‘‘in remote areas.’’. 
the extent practicable, the Administration’s cooperative research program with industry on composite materials shall provide timely access to that research to the next generation of engineers and technicians at universities, community colleges, and vocational schools, thereby helping to develop a workforce ready to take on the development, manufacture, and maintenance of components reliant on advanced composite materials. 
overseeing the Administration’s work on composite materials, shall consult with relevant Federal agencies and partners in industry to accelerate safe development and certification processes for new composite materials and design methods while maintaining rigorous inspection of new composite materials. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate detailing the Administration’s work on new composite materials and the coordination efforts among Federal agencies and industry partners. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with other Federal agencies, shall develop and transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a research and development roadmap for hypersonic aircraft research with the objective of exploring hypersonic science and technology using airbreathing propulsion concepts, through a mix of theoretical work, basic and applied research, and development of flight research demonstration vehicles. The roadmap shall prescribe appropriate agency contributions, coordination efforts, and technology milestones. 
over land at supersonic speeds without adverse impacts on the environment or on local 
communities could open new global markets and enable new transportation capabilities; and 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall develop and transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a roadmap that allows for flexible funding profiles for supersonic aeronautics research and development with the objective of developing and demonstrating, in a relevant environment, airframe and propulsion technologies to minimize the environmental impact, including noise, of supersonic overland flight in an efficient and economical manner. The roadmap shall include— 
ensure that sonic boom research is coordinated as appropriate with relevant Federal agencies. 
in consultation with other Federal agencies, review at least annually the alignment and timing of the Administration’s research and development activities in support of the NextGen airspace management modernization initiative, and shall make any necessary adjustments by reprioritizing or retargeting the Administration’s research and development activities in support of the NextGen initiative. 
shall report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate annually regarding the progress of the Administration’s research and development activities in support of the NextGen airspace management modernization initiative, including details of technologies transferred to relevant Federal agencies for eventual operation implementation, consultation with other Federal agencies, and any adjustments made to research activities. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with other Federal agencies, shall prepare and transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a roadmap for research relating to rotorcraft and other runwayindependent air vehicles, with the objective of developing and demonstrating improved safety, noise, and environmental impact in a relevant environment. The roadmap shall include specific goals for the research, a 
timeline for implementation, metrics for success, and guidelines for collaboration and coordination with industry and other Federal agencies. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Administrator, in looking strategically into the future and ensuring that the Administration’s Center personnel are at the leading edge of aeronautics research, should encourage investigations into the earlystage advancement of new processes, novel concepts, and innovative technologies that have the potential to meet national aeronautics needs. The Administrator shall continue to ensure that awards for the investigation of these concepts and technologies are open for competition among Administration civil servants at its Centers, separate from other awards open only to nonAdministration sources. 
into an arrangement with the National Academies for a study to benchmark the position of the United States in civil aeronautics research compared to the rest of the world. The study shall— 
be done to regain or retain global leadership, including— 
United States expertise has been or is at risk of being overtaken; 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide the results of the study to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
It is the sense of Congress that space technology is critical to— 
that will make the Administration’s missions more affordable and more reliable; and 
and promoting innovation for the Administration and the Nation. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
as applicable enabling aspects of the Human Exploration Roadmap specified in section 70504. In conducting the space technology program established under this section, the Administrator shall— 
use a competitive process to select projects to be supported as part of the program; 
Administration’s suborbital and ground based platforms, to the extent practicable and appropriate, to demonstrate space technology concepts and developments; and 
Federal agencies, universities, private industry, and other spacefaring nations, as appropriate. 
that the Administration’s projects, programs, and activities in support of technology research and development of advanced space technologies are fully coordinated and aligned and that results from such 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report comparing the Administration’s space technology investments with the highpriority technology areas identified by the National Academies in the National Research Council’s report on the Administration’s Space Technology Roadmaps. The Administrator shall identify how the Administration will address any gaps between the agency’s investments and the recommended technology areas, including a projection of funding requirements. 
shall include in the Administration’s annual budget request for each fiscal year the rationale for assigning organizational responsibility for, in the year prior to the budget fiscal year, each initiated project, program, and mission focused on research and development of advanced technologies for human space exploration. 
item relating to section 70507 in the table of sections for chapter 705 of title 51, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
The Administrator shall utilize the International Space Station and commercial services for space technology demonstration missions in lowEarth orbit whenever it is practical and cost effective to do so. 
inspiration for Americans and in particular for the next generation, and that this inspiration has a powerful effect in stimulating interest in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (in this section referred to as ‘‘STEM’’) education and careers; 
partner in contributing to the goals of the National Science and Technology Council’s Federal Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Education 5Year Strategic Plan. 
inspiration and engagement of children and the general public, the Administration shall continue its STEM education and outreach activities within the Science, Aeronautics Research, Space Operations, and Exploration Mission Directorates. 
operate the National Space Grant College and Fellowship program through a national network consisting of a Statebased consortium in each State that provides flexibility to the States, with the objective of providing handson research, training, and education programs, with measurable outcomes, to enhance America’s STEM education and workforce. 
reaffirms its commitment to informal science education at science centers and planetariums as set forth in section 616 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2005 (51 U.S.C. 40907). 
Congress that the National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program, which was established in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 
1988 (42 U.S.C. 2486 et seq.), has been an important program by which the Federal Government has partnered with State and local governments, universities, private industry, and other organizations to enhance the understanding and use of space and aeronautics activities and their benefits through education, fostering of interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary space research and training, and supporting Federal funding for graduate fellowships in spacerelated fields, among other purposes. 
College and Fellowship Program, including its structure and capabilities for supporting science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education and training consistent with the National Science and Technology Council’s Federal Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Education 5Year Strategic Plan; and 
It is the sense of Congress that the Administrator should make the continuation of the Administration’s Minority University Research and Education Program a priority in order to further STEM education for underrepresented students. 
later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the proposed Asteroid Retrieval Mission. Such report shall include— 
estimates for the development of all necessary technologies and spacecraft required for the mission; 
human missions to Mars which could not be gained by lunar missions; 
Bodies Assessment Group and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Advisory Council of how the proposed mission is in the strategic interests of the United States in space exploration. 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, an independent, private systems engineering and technical assistance organization contracted by the Human Exploration Operations Mission Directorate shall transmit to the Administrator, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report analyzing the proposal for a Mars Flyby human spaceflight mission to be launched in 2021. Such report shall include— 
and operations plan using the Space Launch System and other systems to successfully mount a Mars Flyby mission by 2021; 
estimates, for the development test, fielding, and operations plan to carry out a Mars Flyby mission through 2021 and comparison of that budget profile to the 5year budget profile contained in the President’s Budget request for fiscal year 2016. 
Space Launch System, and the Orion crew capsule will enable the Nation to continue operations in lowEarth orbit and to send its astronauts to deep space. The James Webb Space Telescope will revolutionize our understanding of star and planet formation and how galaxies evolved and advance the search for the origins of our universe. As a result of their unique capabilities and their critical contribution to the future of space exploration, these systems have been designated by Congress and the Administration as priority investments. 
holding program funding, estimated to be in the hundreds of millions of dollars, to cover the potential termination liability should the Government choose to terminate a program for convenience. As a result, hundreds 
pursue a policy on termination liability that maximizes the utilization of its appropriated funds to make maximum progress in meeting established technical goals and schedule milestones on these highpriority programs. 
Congress that the judicious use of program and project reserves provides the Administration’s project and program managers with the flexibility needed to manage projects and programs to ensure that the impacts of contingencies can be mitigated. 
the date of enactment of this Act the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing— 
policy of budgeting at a 70percent confidence level; and 
waiving the policy of budgeting at a 70percent confidence level and alternative strategies and mechanisms aimed at controlling program and project costs when a waiver is granted. 
Not later than 270 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing— 
conducting independent reviews of projects and programs at lifecycle milestones and how the Administration ensures the independence of the individuals who conduct those reviews prior to their assignment; 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, while protecting national security’’ after ‘‘research community’’. 
into an arrangement with the National Academy of Public Administration to assess the effectiveness of the NASA Advisory 
Council and to make recommendations to Congress for any change to— 
shall also assess the impacts of broadening the Council’s role to advising Congress, and any other issues that the Academy determines could potentially impact the effectiveness of the Council. The Academy shall consider the past activities of the NASA Advisory Council, as well as the activities of other analogous Federal advisory bodies in conducting its assessment. The results of the assessment, including any recommendations, shall be transmitted to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
Congress that realistic cost estimating is critically important to the ultimate success of major space development projects. The Administration has devoted significant efforts over the past five years to improving its cost estimating capabilities, but it is important that the Administration continue its efforts to develop and implement guidance in establishing realistic cost estimates. 
Estimate and Independent Cost Assessment should be used; and 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report— 
undertaking to advance consistent implementation of the joint cost and schedule process; 
and projects in determining when to conduct an Independent Cost Estimate and Independent Cost Assessment; and 
major acquisition programs and contracts that follow lead system integrator contracts on such programs, particularly contracts for production; 
advice on systems architecture and systems engineering matters with respect to major acquisition programs from objective sources independent of the prime contractor; 
and efficient worldclass facilities by researchers, the Administration should seek to establish strategic partnerships with other Federal agencies, academic institutions, and industry, as appropriate; and 
maintain, or modernize existing facilities must be made in the context of meeting future Administration and other Federal agencies’ laboratory needs, including those required to meet the activities supporting the Human Exploration Roadmap required by section 70504 of title 51, United States Code. 
States that the Administration maintain reliable and efficient facilities and that decisions on whether to dispose of, maintain, or modernize existing facilities be made in the context of meeting future Administration needs. 
a plan that has the goal of positioning the Administration to have the facilities, laboratories, tools, and approaches necessary to address future Administration requirements. Such plan shall identify— 
are candidates for disposal, that is consistent with the national strategic direction set forth in— 
upgrading, and modernization of the Administration’s laboratories, facilities, and equipment; 
to maximize usage of facilities that offer unique and highly specialized benefits to the aerospace industry and the American public; and 
timeline, milestones, and an estimate of resources required for carrying out the plan. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall establish and make publically available a policy that guides the Administration’s use of existing authorities to outgrant, lease, excess to the General Services Administration, sell, decommission, demolish, or otherwise transfer property, facilities, or infrastructure. This policy shall establish criteria for the use of authorities, best practices, standardized procedures, and guidelines for how to appropriately manage property, infrastructure, and facilities. 
Administrator shall establish a capital fund for the modernization of facilities and laboratories. The Administrator shall ensure to the maximum extent practicable that all financial savings achieved by closing outdated or surplus facilities at an Administration Center shall be made available to that Center for the purpose of modernizing the Center’s facilities and laboratories and for upgrading the infrastructure at the Center. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall revise the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to address the detection and avoidance of counterfeit electronic parts. 
electronic parts or products that include electronic parts are responsible for detecting and avoiding the use or inclusion of counterfeit electronic parts or suspect counterfeit electronic parts in such products and for any rework or corrective action that may be required to remedy the use or inclusion of such parts; and 
and suspect counterfeit electronic parts and the cost of rework or corrective action that may be required to remedy the use or inclusion of such parts are not allowable costs under Administration contracts, unless— 
(iii) the counterfeit electronic parts or suspect counterfeit electronic parts were provided to the contractor as Government property in accordance with part 45 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. 
consistent with published industry standards or Government contract requirements for— 
consistent with the requirements of section 2319 of title 10, United States Code, pursuant to which the Administration may identify suppliers that have appropriate policies and procedures in place to detect and avoid counterfeit electronic parts and suspect counterfeit electronic parts; and 
(iii) the selection of such suppliers is subject to review and audit by appropriate Administration officials. 
‘‘electronic part’’ means a discrete electronic component, including a microcircuit, transistor, capacitor, resistor, or diode that is intended for use in a safety or mission critical application. 
Administrator determines practicable, the funds provided by the Government under a funded Space Act Agreement shall not exceed the total amount provided by other parties to the Space Act Agreement. 
may be used only when the use of a standard contract, grant, or cooperative agreement is not feasible or appropriate, as determined by the Associate Administrator for Procurement. 
shall publicly disclose on the Administration’s website and make available in a searchable format each Space Act Agreement, with appropriate redactions for proprietary, sensitive, or classified information, 
not later than 60 days after such agreement is signed. 
after the end of each fiscal year, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the use of Space Act Agreement authority by the Administration during the previous fiscal year. 
each Space Act Agreement in effect at the time of the report— 
is a reimbursable, nonreimbursable, or funded Space Act Agreement; 
shall also include a list of all anticipated reimbursable, nonreimbursable, and funded Space Act Agreements for the upcoming fiscal year. 
report shall also include, with respect to the Space Act Agreements covered by the report, a summary of— 
technology and industrial base available for meeting Administration needs; and 
industrial base new relationships and practices that support the United States; and 
the Federal Government during the fiscal year pursuant to such Space Act Agreements. 
activities the Administration is using, and will continue to use, to ensure compliance; 
debris poses serious risks to the operational space capabilities of the United States and that an international commitment and integrated strategic plan are needed to mitigate the growth of orbital debris wherever possible. Congress finds the delay in the Office of Science and Technology Policy’s submission of a report on the status of international coordination and development of mitigation strategies to be inconsistent with such risks. 
Congress that the amount of orbital debris in lowEarth orbit poses risks for human activities and robotic spacecraft and that this debris may increase due to collisions between existing debris objects. Understanding options to address and remove orbital debris is important for ensuring safe and effective spacecraft operations in lowEarth orbit. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide a report to the 
a plan on the Administration’s use of operational commercial reusable suborbital flight vehicles for carrying out scientific and engineering investigations and educational activities. The plan shall— 
operator, and supporting contractor responsibilities for developing standard payload interfaces and conducting payload safety analyses, payload integration and processing, payload operations, and safety assurance for Administrationsponsored space flight participants, among other functions required to fly Administrationsponsored payloads and space flight participants on operational commercial suborbital vehicles; 
and space flight operator responsibilities for liability and indemnification with respect to commercial suborbital vehicle flights that involve Administrationsponsored payloads or activities, Administrationsupported space flight participants, or other Administrationrelated contributions. 
characterize the potential capabilities and performance of commercial reusable suborbital vehicles for addressing scientific research, including research requiring access to lowgravity and microgravity environments, for carrying out technology demonstrations related to science, exploration, or space operations requirements, and for providing opportunities for educating and training space scientists and engineers, once those vehicles become operational. The assessment shall also characterize the risks of using potential commercial reusable suborbital flights to Administrationsponsored researchers and scientific investigations and flight hardware. 
Congress that fundamental, discoverybased space life and physical sciences research is critical for enabling space exploration, protecting humans in space, and providing societal benefits, and that the space environment facilitates the advancement of understanding of the life sciences and physical sciences. Space life and physical science research contributes to advancing science, technology, engineering, and mathematics research, and provides careers and training opportunities in academia, Federal laboratories, and commercial industry. Congress encourages the Administrator to augment discoverybased fundamental research and to establish requirements reflecting the importance of such research in keeping with the priorities established in the National Academies’ decadal survey entitled ‘‘Recapturing a Future for Space Exploration: Life and Physical Sciences Research for a New Era’’. 
shall include as part of the Administration’s annual budget request for each fiscal year a budget line for fundamental space life and physical sciences research, devoted to competitive, peerreviewed grants, that is separate from the International Space Station Operations account. 
Congress that engineering excellence has long been a hallmark of the Administration’s ability to make significant advances in aeronautics and space exploration. However, as has been noted in recent National Academies reports, increasingly constrained funding and competing priorities have led to an erosion of the Administration’s commitment to basic engineering research. This research provides the basis for the technology development that enables the Administration’s many challenging missions to succeed. If current trends continue, the Administration’s ability to attract and maintain the best and brightest engineering workforce at its Centers as well as its ability to remain on the cutting edge of aeronautical and space technology will continue to erode and will threaten the Administration’s ability to be a world leader in aeronautics research and development and space exploration. 
a plan for restoring a meaningful basic engineering research program at the Administration’s Centers, including, as appropriate, collaborations with industry, universities, and other relevant organizations. The plan shall identify the organizational approach to be followed, an initial set of basic research priorities, and a proposed budget. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the plan specified 
Secretary of Defense to ensure that any next generation liquid rocket engine made in the United States for national security space launch objectives can contribute, to the extent practicable, to the space programs and missions carried out by the Administration. 
demonstrating the feasibility of using robotic technologies for a spacecraft that could autonomously access, inspect, repair, and refuel satellites; 
both assist the Administration in its future missions and provide other Federal agencies and private sector entities with enhanced confidence in the feasibility to robotically refuel, inspect, repair, and maintain their satellites in both near and distant orbits; and 
and maintain satellites robotically could add years of functional life to satellites. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate describing the Administration’s— 
Federal agencies and private sector entities into the Administration’s plans; 
Congress that information security is central to the Administration’s ability to protect information and information systems vital to its mission. 
the United States shall conduct a study to assess the effectiveness of the Administration’s Information Technology Governance. The study shall include an assessment of— 
Administrationwide information technology operations, investments, and security measures and the Chief Information Officer’s visibility into and access to those resources; 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Administration shall report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on how it plans to address each of the recommendations made in the security assessment by the National Academy of Public Administration and the recommendations made by the Government Accountability Office and the Administration’s Office of the Inspector General regarding security and safeguarding export control information. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2015 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Administration may be used to enter into a contract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals— 
offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for— 
forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen property; 
offer, has been notified of any delinquent Federal taxes in an amount that exceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
Institute of Medicine report ‘‘Health Standards for Long Duration and Exploration Spaceflight: Ethics Principles, Responsibilities, and Decision Framework’’ found that the Administration has ethical responsibilities for and should adopt policies and processes related to health standards for long duration and exploration spaceflights that recognize those ethical responsibilities. In particular, the report recommended that the Administration ‘‘provide preventative long term health screening and surveillance of astronauts and lifetime health care to protect their health, support ongoing evaluation of health standards, improve mission safety, and reduce risks for current and future astronauts’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Administration should prioritize the development of tools and interfaces that make publicly available observational data sets more easy to access, analyze, manipulate, and understand for students, teachers, and the American public at large, with a particular focus on K–12 and undergraduate STEM education settings. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ) and the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Mr. Speaker, this is truly a bipartisan bill. The House should be proud of the work the committee has done and continues to do to be inclusive of Members on both sides of the aisle. 
Hill, both Republicans and Democrats came together last year to craft legislation that moves beyond congressional districts and parochial interests. 
This bill provides clear and consistent guidance to NASA. The authorization levels are responsible and consistent with the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015. It also continues looking to NASA to provide a strategic roadmap that will guide exploration development in the future. 
Space Subcommittee Ranking Member DONNA EDWARDS and I worked long 
days to put this legislation together last year. While Ms. EDWARDS and I 
don’t always agree, we are united in our unwavering support for NASA and space exploration during this crucial time in our Nation’s history. We are committed to once more launching American astronauts on American rockets from American soil. 
also of national security; yet over the last decade, the human exploration program at NASA has been plagued with instability from constantly changing requirements, budgets, and missions. 
program of record every time there is a new President. We must be consistent in our commitment to human exploration. 
and committees, NASA needs Congress to provide consistency of purpose. That commitment is reflected in today’s bipartisan bill, and I am confident it will continue into the future. 
agency to develop a human exploration roadmap and provides a framework to build an executable plan for future exploration efforts. NASA must use this plan as an opportunity to utilize assets from all the mission directorates to find the most efficient and effective ways to build technologies and capabilities within constrained budgets. 
this bill, consistent with the NASA Authorization Act of 2010, which laid out very clear guidelines and direction for the development of these systems. 
for the Commercial Crew Program to ensure safe and ontime development of domestic access to the international space station. There are also oversight provisions to ensure transparency during the development of these systems. 
This agreement represents an understanding that both our Commercial Crew partners and those developing SLS and Orion have a crucial role to 
for the future of human exploration if we have any hope of ensuring America’s leadership in space. This bill tasks the scientists and engineers at NASA, rather than the administration, to develop such a plan. 
As a study last year from the National Academy of Sciences pointed out, ‘‘a return to extended surface operations on the Moon would make significant contributions to a strategy ultimately aimed at landing people on Mars.’’ 
I hope that the roadmap NASA produces in response to this bill will also incorporate the valued guidance from the National Academies, as well as the NASA Advisory Council, the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, and the many other groups that advise NASA. 
Our bill is not perfect, but it represents a serious bipartisan commitment to space exploration at a critical time in our Nation’s space exploration history. As a good steward of taxpayer dollars, I will continue to raise questions and concerns over NASA’s budgets. 
earth science budget grew almost 75 percent while NASA’s exploration 
budget remained stagnant. Even with these historic increases, I am worried that the additional responsibilities being thrust on NASA by NOAA and USGS will consume NASA’s already challenged budget even more. 
The administration continues to advocate for an everchanging and poorly justified asteroid mission which was universally criticized by all of NASA’s advisory groups. One study from the National Academies even called a portion of the mission a ‘‘deadend technology.’’ 
NASA must be frugal with its precious exploration resources and focus on core developments, such as the SLS and Orion, which will provide the foundation for any potential deep space missions in the future. 
provisions dealing with cumbersome termination liability requirements, and I hope those can be addressed as we work with the Senate. 
on our ability to put people and sound policy ahead of politics. This is what we have tried to do with this House bill. This bill has been tested, debated, and passed multiple times over the last year. 
committee, and the House once already, and I urge our friends in the Senate to move forward with us by adopting our commonsense compromise and passing the House bill. Our Nation’s space program needs this legislation. 
challenges, but the United States has always risen to the occasion. This country was built by people who dream big and do the hard things. 
today will determine whether the U.S. maintains its leadership in space tomorrow. In the future, as in the past, I hope we will be able to focus mission priorities and goals to ensure our best chances of success. 
gentleman from Mississippi because it has been truly a pleasure to try to work on something where we are not working for perfection, but we are looking to find agreement and to do the best thing possible that supports the goals of NASA and all of the space industry, but also so that we get something done in this Congress. 
I could not have found a more cooperative and helpful working relationship than that that I have with Mr. PALAZZO . 
JOHNSON —both of Texas—for supporting a process that leads us to the point we are today. This bipartisan bill that we are considering, the NASA Authorization Act of 2015, is largely identical to a bill that passed the House last year, H.R. 4412, and it passed with overwhelming support by a vote of 401–2. Unfortunately, time ran out during the last Congress before the Senate was able to take final action to reauthorize NASA, and so here we are. 
1 year, consistent with the funding levels enacted for fiscal year 2015. Other than relevant date changes, the bill remains unchanged from last year’s bipartisan, Housepassed H.R. 4412 and retains the important and timely policy direction that NASA needs now to ensure stability and to sustain maximum progress on its programs. 
Mr. Speaker, building on the foundation set in H.R. 810, I and my colleagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee will be able to begin work on a multiyear NASA authorization once H.R. 810 is enacted into law, so we have set the process in place. 
and why am I urging my colleagues in the House to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill should it come to a vote? 
Nation’s civil space program never cease to amaze us and never cease to inspire countless individuals not only in the United States, but across the globe. NASA, as a multimission agency, makes these aweinspiring contributions not only in human exploration, but across the disciplines of space and earth science, in the development of innovative technologies, in human spaceflight operations and biomedical research, and in aeronautics. It is this multipronged approach that we support today. 
good progress on developing the James Webb Space Telescope, the next major observatory to follow the Hubble Space Telescope. 
NASA researchers are using data collected from space to identify new planets orbiting stars other than our Sun, to increase our scientific understanding of Mars and other planets in the solar system, to uncover critical information about our home planet, Earth, and its climate, and to study the Sun and space weather. These programs will lead to new discoveries and deepen our scientific knowledge. In fact, much of NASA’s work also benefits our society in terms of new technologies and applied research that can improve the quality of life of all of our citizens. 
building the systems that will eventually take humans, as my colleague has said, into deep space. NASA is also overseeing recently awarded contracts to commercial companies that will develop, test, and seek certification for the U.S. commercial space vehicles 
to and from the international space station, thereby relieving our sole reliance on Russian partners for access to lowEarth orbit. 
We remain committed to a Commercial Crew Program that makes the most efficient use of taxpayer dollars; and as NASA and commercial partners embark on these projects, this bill that we are taking up today puts the highest priority for NASA’s Commercial Crew Program on ensuring the safety of our astronauts. 
NASA is continuing to lead the highly successful international space station partnership, expand the use of the ISS for commercial, scientific, and explorationoriented research, and gather critical biomedical information. The ISS is the only orbiting laboratory on which we can prepare for further human exploration and operations in outer space. 
Scott Kelly, who will soon begin a year’s stint on the ISS, and his twin brother, Mark, a former astronaut who will serve as a control subject, is an important undertaking in that regard. We need to examine measures to monitor Scott’s health and the health of the NASA family of astronauts both in space and on the ground to gain a long term perspective on the effects of spaceflight. 
Mr. Speaker, if NASA is to be as productive as it can be, it will require constancy of purpose and policy direction. In order for our Nation’s space and aeronautics program to succeed, this bipartisan bill provides that constancy. H.R. 810 sets the longterm course of sending humans to the surface of Mars and directs NASA to provide a human exploration roadmap, outlining the capabilities and milestones needed to achieve that goal. Recognizing two of the primary systems needed to accomplish the goal—the Space Launch System, SLS, and Orion crew capsule—this bill directs the expeditious development, test, and achievement of SLS and Orion as the highest priority of NASA’s human exploration program. 
NASA maintains a strong aeronautics research portfolio, ranging from fundamental research through integrated systems, and it reaffirms the importance of NASA’s education activities. NASA’s successful STEM education program brings the expertise of its researchers and engineers to bear on STEM activities. That is science, technology, engineering, and math. This bill encourages the administration to continue in that vein. 
In addition, the bill includes provisions to advance our scientific and technical knowledge of orbital debris— or space junk—and nearEarth asteroids so that we in Congress can better understand the options for mitigating the risks that they pose. 
our Federal Government. Its workers are an important component in our workforce, and the workers through 
the industry are important to us as well. NASA’s space and aeronautics programs help maintain our competitiveness. They serve as a catalyst for innovation and economic growth, and they inspire the next generation to dream big and garner the skills to turn those dreams into action. 
long history of bipartisan support. That continues today. NASA needs our constancy of purpose and policy direction now, and this 1year bill puts us on track to do just that. We will build on that baseline as we work toward a multiyear authorization over the coming year. I look forward to doing that with my colleagues on the committee, and particularly with my colleague from Mississippi. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the full 
me thank the chairman of the Subcommittee on Space for yielding me time. I also want to thank him and DONNA EDWARDS , EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON, and M OBROOKS for sponsoring this 
most inspiring and technologically advanced space initiatives in the history of humankind. This bill, H.R. 810, the NASA Authorization Act of 2015, helps ensure that the United States will continue its proud tradition of being a world leader in space exploration. 
led the world in space exploration. The U.S. was the first nation to put a human on the Moon, and NASA’s Voyager 1, an American space mission, was the first humanmade object to enter interstellar space. 
Alan Shepard, John Glenn, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin, and Sally Ride are household names. Today’s astronauts motivate students to study science, technology, engineering, and mathematics and to reach for the stars. 
in our Nation’s future, sometimes our longterm future. This bill expresses bipartisan confidence in America’s space initiatives. 
that passed the House last year by a vote of 401–2. It is consistent with current funding levels found in the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act for 2015. It contains provisions for the development of American rockets that will take cargo and people to lowEarth orbit and beyond. It supports the James Webb Space Telescope, which will identify and characterize new planets in our galaxy and help researchers look back in time to see how the universe began. 
resources on the detection of near Earth asteroids that may threaten the 
Earth and its inhabitants. It instructs NASA to design and send a robotic mission to Jupiter’s moon Europa to see if any form of life exists in the waters under its icy surface. It directs NASA to work with the National Academies to put together a strategy for finding more exoplanets. 
The bill also requires NASA to develop a human exploration roadmap, similar to the recommendation made in last year’s National Academy of Sciences report. This roadmap will provide a longterm plan for future human space exploration. 
how well Congress can work together to accomplish an objective that benefits the entire Nation. I again want to thank Mr. PALAZZO , chairman of the 
Subcommittee on Space, and Ms. EDWARDS , ranking member of the Subcommittee on Space, for finding common ground on this bill. I also want to thank the ranking member of the full committee, EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
and to help ensure that the United States maintains its leadership in space. 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON ), the ranking member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 810, the NASA Authorization Act of 2015. NASA is a critical engine of discovery, science, innovation, and inspiration. 
During the last Congress, our committee leadership and Members from both sides came together to work through a compromise NASA authorization act. It was for a 1year bill, but it provided important policy direction to the agency at a time when we in Congress wanted NASA to build on its progress and keep its focus on the priorities established through successive authorization acts. That bipartisan bill passed the House last year by an overwhelming 401–2 margin. 
The bill, H.R. 810, which is also a 1 
year reauthorization, takes that same policy language and updates the authorization of appropriations to be consistent with the funding levels enacted in fiscal year 2015. The bill also provides necessary date changes where relevant. 
While this is not a perfect bill, especially in terms of its short duration and lack of meaningful outyear funding guidance, it includes many important policy provisions that will help guide the future of NASA at a critical time for our space program. 
multimission agency with programs in aeronautics, science, exploration, and human spaceflight. It also establishes a 
to the surface of Mars and directs NASA to prepare a human exploration roadmap of what is needed to get there. 
The bill also provides policy direction on a host of other priority activities, including space and earth science, aeronautics, space technology, and education, as well as good government directives on curbing cost growth and strengthening program management, among others. 
Consistent with the recommendations of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board, H.R. 810 directs that safety be the highest priority in the commercial human spaceflight program to transport our astronauts to the international space station. 
make effective progress on its programs thanks to its passionate and dedicated civil servant workforce and extended contractor and academic communities. We want to sustain NASA’s progress on critical programs, including the Space Launch System and Orion, by providing consistency and constancy of purpose and direction. This bill enables such stability while providing our committee the time needed to develop a comprehensive multiyear reauthorization of NASA once H.R. 810 is enacted into law. 
committee leadership, including our chairman, LAMAR SMITH, and most especially our subcommittee chairman, STEVE PALAZZO , and the ranking member, Congresswoman D ONNA EDWARDS , 
for their dedication and willingness to work together with me to achieve this bipartisan bill, H.R. 810, the NASA Authorization Act of 2015. 
We need a strong NASA with an inspiring agenda for our children and grandchildren, and we need to fund it at a level commensurate with the tasks we have given them to achieve. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 810, the NASA Authorization Act of 2015. 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ). 
would like to thank the distinguished chairman, Chairman SMITH, chairman 
of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology; the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ); and also the 
gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) for their leadership on this 
important issue and for getting this bill to the floor. 
Human space exploration and discovery sciences are so ingrained in the American way of life that they have become emblematic of America’s role as an exceptional nation. It is in our DNA as Americans to push the boundaries and frontiers of knowledge. 
technologies and expertise to do this, there is no way to measure the potential benefit in spinoffs that we will reap. That is why I rise today to support H.R. 810. This legislation would 
authorize programs within the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, keeping in place our commitment for space exploration, prioritizing work on the Space Launch System, Orion, and a commercial crew system so we can carry our own astronauts to and from the space station. 
Mars is the focal point and our next step. If the administration prioritizes their activities properly, it is realistic to have a manned Mars flyby mission in 2021. This legislation will require further examination of this mission, which I think would finally help spur NASA into the next era. Perhaps more importantly, this is the kind of mission that would get children to start dreaming about being an astronaut again. 
space workforce have been unsure of the next mission and are struggling to stay afloat. Without a bold, longterm commitment to NASA’s core mission, our workforce has been scrambling to find shortterm goals to keep programs alive. 
We need to be doing more than this if 
we want our Nation to realize the full capabilities we have in space. This legislation is a step in the right direction, and that is why I urge my colleagues to support it. 
no further requests for time, I will continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ). 
rise in strong support of H.R. 810, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2015. 
been tough. There have been disagreements. Matters have been handled fairly. And now we are getting behind the product of all of that labor. 
negotiation on these provisions over the past year, and the outcome of that work is this legislation, which embodies the bipartisan leadership both here at the subcommittee level and at the committee level and the bipartisan support in this House for our Nation’s civil space programs. 
differences of opinion remain on many of the provisions in this bill, but I won’t go into any of them now. I think I might have worried some of my colleagues on that. But despite those differences, we all share a set of common goals for NASA. The foremost of our mutual objectives is that America must return to international preeminence in human spaceflight. This is true for both access to lowEarth orbit, for which we are trusting our commercial partners, and for farreaching exploration missions to the Moon and beyond. 
Our discussions and, yes, our disagreements will continue, but we will continue to work together to achieve America’s shared goals. 
Americans into space on American rockets from American soil. It brings us closer to the next steps in exploration of our outer planets. It brings us closer to technological developments that can turn a seemingly impossible goal into an achievable one. It brings us closer to finding asteroids that may pose a threat to Earth or may provide vast resources that could help humanity in space. It brings us one step closer to moving beyond exploration and into pioneering, leading to settlements 
in space. It brings us closer to the stars. For these reasons, I ask my colleagues to join me in support of this important legislation. 
prepared to close, so I will reserve the balance of my time. 
of H.R. 810, the NASA Authorization Act of 2015. This bipartisan legislation is an important step forward in our efforts to build a stronger and more focused NASA. 
Let’s face it: NASA is the only Federal agency that has human spaceflight as its mission. However, in recent years, NASA has branched into areas that divert attention and funding from its critical mission. This bill before us begins to bring human spaceflight back into focus as NASA’s key mission. It provides strong funding for vehicle development that will enable NASA to reach the Moon and beyond, putting us on a clear path towards deeper exploration into our solar system. 
Johnson Space Center in my district just this past week, I can attest that they are very excited about this new focus. I am aware of NASA’s challenges, and I am excited about the opportunities ahead and some of the successes that we have had over the past few months. 
spacecraft, it expands America’s access to the international space station, and it funds a robust Commercial Crew Program to launch American astronauts on American rockets. 
I urge my colleagues to join in support of this bipartisan bill. 
gentleman from Mississippi is prepared to close, I am prepared to close. 
no further requests for time, and I am prepared to close. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. I yield myself the 
thank all of my colleagues on the committee for the hard work that has been put into this bipartisan authorization. It is not perfect by any means. There are plenty of things that, between now and the time that we see this go to the President’s desk for his signature, we will continue to have input on. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the committee and our colleagues in the Senate to make sure that we get to the end point. 
As I have said and as Ranking Member JOHNSON has said as well, we look 
forward to working on a bipartisan, multiyear authorization. Having put this one to bed, we actually now have demonstrated to ourselves and to the American public that we have the ability to get this done. 
In closing, I want to thank the committee staff—Allen Li, Pam Whitney, and Dick Obermann—for all of their work and my personal staff, Anne Nelson, as well as the staff on the other side because it really did take an awful lot of staff work and Member work to see this to the finish line. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues. 
As I close, I would like to acknowledge all the hard work and bipartisan efforts of Science Committee Chairman LAMAR SMITH, full committee Ranking 
Like Ms. E DWARDS , I also want to acknowledge the work of my personal staff, Patrick Large; Ms. EDWARDS ’ personal staff, Anne Nelson; the majority staff, Tom Hammond, Jared Stout, Allison RoseSonnesyn, and Christian Rice; and the minority staff, Pam Whitney and Allen Li. 
810, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
H.R. 810, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2015. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 810, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. 
Please place a copy of this letter and your 
response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
letter regarding the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure’s jurisdictional interest in H.R. 810, the ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2015.’’ 
I agree that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure has valid jurisdictional interests in matters pertaining to the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board, and that your Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to forego consideration of H.R. 810. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a HouseSenate conference on this or similar legislation, if in your jurisdiction, should such a conference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee and a former member of the Science Committee I am in strong support of, H.R. 810, The NASA Authorization Act of 2015.’’ 
JOHNSON for their work to bring the NASA Authorization Act of 2015 before the House for consideration. 
NASA in Congress, and I am at the forefront of that support. 
for 12 years; and I am in strong support of the NASA Authorization Act of 2015, as the best way forward to strengthen NASA into the future and to avoid dismantling the manned space program. 
Texan jobs, saving more than while, driving innovation, and ensure our Nation’s youth are encouraged to pursue careers in science, exploration, engineering, technology, and math. 
The United States space program has existed for over half a century and my commitment to providing NASA with the resources to carry the agency forward with its ambitious agenda of research, exploration, and discovery is unwavering. 
It is our job as members of Congress to 
make sure that NASA continues to push the boundaries of what is possible, keeping our Nation on the forefront of innovation and exploration. This bill authorizes programs and projects at 
the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) for Fiscal Year 2015 (FY15). 
with the funding $18,010,200,000 In appropriations for NASA in the Consolidated and Further Appropriations Act, 2015 bill passed at the end of the 113th Congress. 
purpose and budget for NASA programs, continuing the congressional commitment provided in previous reauthorizations in 2005, 2008, and 2010 to space exploration, both human and robotic. 
mission to Mars is the goal for NASA’s human spaceflight program and requires the development of a roadmap to achieve that goal, as well as biennial updates. 
Realizing the research potential of the International Space Station (ISS) with an Office of Science & Technology Policyled strategic plan for all science agencies to conduct research on the Station. 
Space Launch System and Orion Crew Vehicle to serve as a backup system to support the ISS if necessary. 
NASA will be able to engage in the educational and outreach activities necessary to support science, technology, engineering, and mathematics curriculum and inspire the next generation of explorers. 
least one Commercial Crew system (with NASA funds) to carry American astronauts on American rockets safely, reliably, and affordably to and from the International Space Station so that we are no longer reliant on Russia for crew access. 
The bill emphasizes the importance of maintaining a steady cadence of science missions, including a Europa mission with a goal of launching by 2021. 
The bill directs NASA and the NASA to provide Congress with a report assessing the longterm goals of NASA’s Mars Exploration Program, which includes the Mars 2020 rover. 
newly discovered planets outside our solar system, the legislation also directs NASA and the NAS to provide an exoplanet exploration strategy. 
This bill stresses the importance of completing and expanding the Congressionally mandated nearEarth object survey to detect, track, catalogue, and characterize nearEarth objects 140 meters in diameter or larger. 
great importance to a sustained and healthy space program. 
develop a plan to better position the agency to have the facilities and infrastructure necessary to meet future requirements including those set forth in the human exploration roadmap. 
ensure that the future of NASA is one of continued progress and that space exploration remains a part of our national destiny. 
stars and dream of what they too may achieve one day. 
bounds of our scientific knowledge, as we carry out research projects not possible within the constraints of planet Earth. 
REAL Space Act this Congress and ask that my colleagues support this important measure. 
joining in the space race with varying levels of success. 
We applaud these efforts, which include: The European Space Agency’s success in 
landing a vehicle on a comet that was speeding through deep space; and 
United States leadership and economic trendsetting position in the global economy. 
continued progress to ensure the United States retains its leadership in this vital area of human exploration. 
I ask that my colleagues join me in voting 
support of the NASA Authorization bill before the House. 
This legislation is important because it reaffirms Congress’ commitment to space exploration and the important role NASA plays in the areas of science, aeronautics, exploration, and human spaceflight. Over the next few months, NASA spacecraft will visit Pluto and the dwarf planet Ceres for the first time. We will further develop our nation’s commercial launch capability even as NASA continues work on the Orion space capsule and a new heavylift rocket. NASA will also build on its efforts in the important areas of space science and education. The bill before the House supports all of these endeavors. 
particular, the Student Spaceflight Experiments Program. This program gives students across the country the chance to design microgravity experiments to fly in Earth orbit. Indeed, one of these experiments is scheduled to come home from the International Space Station today. The experiment was designed by a team of four students from Wilkinson Middle School in Madison Heights, Michigan. The experiment involves the effects of microgravity on water purification. In Michigan, we tend to take the availability of fresh water for granted since we are surrounded by the Great Lakes, but water is a rare and precious commodity in space, and hopefully this experiment will help future astronauts to reuse water. 
worked so hard on this microgravity experiment: Regina Alsabagh, Farah Sabah, Maryam Kafra and Israa Alfadhli. Their achievement is all the more remarkable since their experiment originally was supposed to be carried into orbit last October, but that rocket exploded shortly after liftoff, destroying the students’ experiment. Fortunately, NASA was able to find space on a rocket to the space 
station that launched in January, and the Wilkinson students managed to build a second version of their experiment in time for that flight. 
their hard work, perseverance, and determination to overcome obstacles. It’s important that Congress continue to support NASA and efforts like the Student Spaceflight Experiments Program. I urge all my colleagues to join me in voting for the NASA Authorization bill. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 719) to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘TSA Office 
the Department of Homeland Security (DHS IG), the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) does not ensure that its cadre of criminal investigators in the Office of Inspection are meeting this requirement, even though they are considered law enforcement officers under TSA policy and receive premium pay. 
the Office of Inspection primarily monitor the results of criminal investigations conducted by other agencies, investigate administrative cases of TSA employee misconduct, and carry out inspections, covert tests, and internal reviews, which the DHS IG asserts could be performed by employees other than criminal investigators at a lower cost. 
it accounts for the cost of Law Enforcement Availability Pay, but not the costs of law enforcement training, statutory early retirement benefits, police vehicles, and weapons. 
Committees a finding, not later than 30 days after the Assistant Secretary makes such certification, that the Assistant Secretary utilized adequate and valid data and methods to make such certification. 
Senate by not later than 180 days after the 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, or as soon as practicable, the Assistant Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— 
will be taken to prevent Federal Air Marshal Service officials from using their official positions, or exploiting, in any way, the Service’s relationships with private vendors to obtain discounted or free firearms for personal use. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015. I introduced this bipartisan bill to target millions of dollars of potential waste within the TSA’s Office of Inspection, as identified by the Homeland Security inspector general. 
with investigating misconduct of TSA employees and conducting internal inspections and covert testing of TSA operations to ensure our transportation systems are well protected. 
inspector general report issued in 2013, TSA does not sufficiently track whether each of its 100 criminal investigators in the Office of Inspection, in fact, spend a majority of time performing actual criminal investigations, as required by law. 
Instead, these TSA investigators primarily monitor the results of criminal investigations conducted by other agencies, investigate administrative cases of employee misconduct, and carry out inspections, covert tests, and 
internal reviews. Therefore, these TSA investigators may be unduly receiving premium law enforcement pay, specialized training, vehicles, firearms, and other benefits even though they do not meet the minimum legal requirements for receiving such pay and benefits. 
by requiring the inspector general to certify that TSA criminal investigators meet the legal threshold for receiving premium pay and benefits, which could save as much as $17 million in taxpayer dollars over 5 years. 
vast majority of TSA employees do an exemplary job. It is a critical component of this continuing ability to have these people perform at a high level to have internal oversight. 
The importance of investigating misconduct among TSA employees cannot be overstated. Just last week, we learned of an investigation conducted by Immigration and Customs Enforcement, otherwise known as ICE, that led to the indictment of a TSA employee on child pornography charges. 
In this recent and unfortunate example, it was ICE that performed the investigation, not TSA. We must ensure that TSA’s internal cadre of investigators are spending the majority of time on criminal investigations or we risk wasting significant taxpayer resources, resources that could be used toward improving the integrity of TSA’s workforce. 
thank the original cosponsor of this legislation, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ), for his leadership on this important commonsense issue. 
This bill passed the House last Congress, but the Senate did not take action on it. Let’s send this bill back to the Senate and on to the President for his signature. 
on H.R. 719, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015. 
the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, I have a responsibility to ensure that the Transportation Security Administration operates effectively and efficiently. Part of this responsibility includes working to ensure that not a single taxpayer dollar is wasted so that resources are properly expended to protect our Nation’s airports and the traveling public. 
the Department of Homeland Security’s inspector general that the TSA’s Office of Inspection is not operating effectively and efficiently. Specifically, we have learned that taxpayer dollars have been wasted in a manner that may well be undermining the effectiveness and integrity of internal investigations and inspections within the TSA. 
inspector general in September of 2013, some employees in the Office of Inspection were designated ‘‘criminal investigators’’ and have received the premium pay and early retirement benefits commensurate with that position, despite the fact that they perform little to no investigative duties. 
knowingly made these improper designations and knowingly conferred better pay and benefits to employees who did not do the work required to justify such compensation. 
of criminal investigator positions, the inspector general estimates that it will result in the wasting of as much as $17.5 million over 5 years. H.R. 719 seeks to put an end to this wasteful practice and prevent it from happening in the future. 
TSA to certify that all persons designated as criminal investigators are working on criminal investigations at least 50 percent of their time. If the TSA wants to provide an employee with the enhanced pay and benefits that criminal investigators receive, then they should have to certify that the employee is actually performing the duties of a criminal investigator. That is just common sense. 
This measure would not affect individuals in that office who legitimately hold the criminal investigator title and would not impede efforts to thwart terror plots and other criminal enterprises that threaten our national security. 
sense. It reflects a commitment to good government and the careful stewardship of taxpayer dollars. The House unanimously approved identical legislation in the last Congress, and I urge my colleagues to do the same with this bill. 
action to solve a problem and demonstrate the strength of our commitment to eliminate wasteful spending. 
as the gentleman from South Carolina, Representative SANFORD , for their 
work on this legislation. If enacted, H.R. 719 will bring greater accountability to TSA’s Office of Inspection and ensure taxpayer dollars are being used efficiently and that past abuses are not being repeated. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
their support of this bill, as well as the ranking member of the Subcommittee 
on Transportation Security, the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R ICE). 
have entrusted us with conducting oversight of the agencies like TSA to root out instances of waste. H.R. 719 will hold TSA accountable and save precious tax dollars by ensuring that the inspector general’s findings are addressed. 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 719, the ‘‘TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
Upon its creation, TSA was given broad authority to hire, fire, and set the terms of employment of its personnel. 
Transportation Security Officers, lacking the full rights afforded other Federal employees. 
abuses of the system for the gain of a few. 
Department of Homeland Security, TSA’s Office of Inspection has been gaming the system by employing a bloated number of personnel as ‘‘criminal investigators’’ for years. 
Those who are designated as ‘‘criminal investigators’’ receive additional compensation and are afforded the right to retire early. 
H.R. 719 will put an end to these abuses by 
requiring the Inspector General to approve the method used by TSA to designate personnel as criminal investigators. It also requires TSA to certify to Congress that only those individuals performing the requisite criminal investigation work are designated as ‘‘criminal investigators’’. 
classifying individuals within TSA’s Office of Inspection could save taxpayers as much as $17 million over five years. 
measure last Congress, I offered an amendment on behalf of Representative LORETTA  
how some within TSA’s Federal Air Marshal Service exploited relationships with private vendors to obtain discounted or free firearms. 
became aware that the former director of the Federal Air Marshal Service bought several guns from an employee who is under investigation for using his position to obtain free and discounted firearms. 
Unfortunately, TSA was less than forthcoming with Congress regarding this investigation, leaving many questions unanswered about how the investigation was conducted and the number of FAMs officials involved. 
Air Marshal Service, the Law Enforcement component within TSA is unacceptable. 
To address the lack of transparency regarding the investigation, the Committee accepted language I offered to require TSA to provide information and materials associated with the Office of Inspection’s review of the allegations to Congress. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee and a former chair of the Transportation Security Subcommittee, I rise in support of H.R. 719, the ‘‘TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015.’’ 
their leadership in bringing this legislation to the floor. 
of thousands dollars annually by requiring the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) to conform its personnel classification practices to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions. 
According to a report by the Homeland Security Department’s Inspector General (IG), about half of the employees in the Office of Inspection (OII) are classified as criminal investigators even though their duties do not involve responsibilities that can be characterized as criminal investigation activities. 
Instead, the responsibilities of these employees primarily consist of administrative duties such as investigating cases of TSA employee misconduct and conducting internal reviews. 
Classifying these employees as ‘‘law enforcement’’ personnel, however, makes them eligible for premium pay and other significant economic benefits. 
positions as noncriminal investigator positions or nonlawenforcement positions, this will cost taxpayers as much as $17,000,000 over 5 years. 
law enforcement agencies, which identify, apprehend, and prosecute criminals, have the tools, resources, and training necessary to do their job efficiently, effectively, and economically. 
Mr. Speaker, I have always strongly supported providing the resources needed by law enforcement and first responders and will continue to do so in future. 
people to be responsible stewards of the public trust and it is not responsible to provide premium pay and benefits intended for law enforcement personnel to employees who do not perform the dangerous duties of law enforcement officers. 
of TSA to reclassify criminal investigator positions in the Office of Inspection as noncriminal investigator positions or nonlaw enforcement positions if the individuals in those positions do not, or are not expected to, spend an average of at least 50 percent of their time performing criminal investigative duties. 
This is an important step to bring transparency to the office of inspector with regards to the work of TSA personnel and law enforcement investigative task. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 719, which directs the Office of Inspection to reclassify its current criminal investigator positions to conform to the requirements of applicable law and save the taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars annually. 
the Committee on Homeland Security, I am proud to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 719, the TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015, sponsored by the gentleman from New York, Mr. KATKO . 
TSA and save precious taxpayer dollars by requiring the agency to correctly designate criminal investigators within the TSA Office of Inspection who are charged with conducting 
covert tests, inspections, and investigating misconduct among fellow TSA employees. 
General (IG) report that found TSA’s Office of Inspection does not operate efficiently and does not ensure that its criminal investigators are spending the majority of their time conducting criminal investigations, even though they are receiving premium law enforcement pay and related benefits. The bill addresses the IG’s findings by requiring a thorough review of the type of work carried out by TSA criminal investigators, which could save millions of taxpayer dollars over the next several years in law enforcement pay, vehicles, training, and other benefits. 
I am proud to be an original cosponsor of 
this common sense, bipartisan bill, and would like to thank the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. KATKO , as well as the Congressman from South Carolina, Mr. S ANFORD , 
for their leadership on this issue. I would also like to thank the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. THOMPSON , and the ranking 
4803, legislation approved by the Committee on Homeland Security last Congress that subsequently passed the House by voice vote. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 719. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 720) to improve intergovernmental planning for and communication during security incidents at domestic airports, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
shall, in consultation with the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, conduct outreach to all airports in the United States at which the Administration performs, or oversees the implementation and performance of, security measures, and provide technical assistance as necessary, to verify such airports have in place individualized working plans for responding to security incidents inside the perimeter of the airport, including active shooters, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passengerscreening checkpoints. 
care to persons inside the perimeter of the airport, with consideration given to the needs of persons with disabilities. 
placed by persons inside the perimeter of the airport will reach airport police in an expeditious manner. 
joint exercise reports to identify and determine how to improve security incident response capabilities. 
airports for security incident planning, management, and training; and 
to share such best practices with other airport operators nationwide. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Assistant Secretary shall certify in writing to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that all screening personnel have participated in practical training exercises for active shooter scenarios. 
of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an analysis of how the Administration can use cost savings achieved through efficiencies to increase over the next 5 fiscal years the funding available for checkpoint screening law enforcement support reimbursable agreements. 
appropriated to carry out this Act, and this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary of the Office of Cybersecurity and Communications, conduct a review of the interoperable communications capabilities of the law enforcement, fire, and medical personnel responsible for responding to a security incident, including active shooter events, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passengerscreening checkpoints, at all airports in the United States at which the Administration performs, or oversees the implementation and performance of, security measures. 
the completion of the review, the Assistant Secretary shall report the findings of the review to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015. 
H.R. 720 is a bipartisan measure I introduced to enhance preparedness at our Nation’s airports for responding to active shooters and other security incidents. 
Congress by my predecessor, the former chairman of the Transportation Security Subcommittee, Mr. HUDSON , 
in response to the tragic shooting at Los Angeles International Airport in November of 2013. 
Transportation Security Officer Hernandez and wounded two other TSA officers and one passenger. The event highlighted vulnerabilities in airport preparedness, including in the areas of incident command, communication with travelers, communication between TSA and law enforcement, and evacuation measures. H.R. 720 would 
apply lessons learned and help close gaps in preparedness at other U.S. airports around the country. 
Everyone within the airport community—from law enforcement and emergency medical personnel, to airport and airline personnel, to TSA officials and the traveling public—must know how to respond to an active shooter or other threat inside the airport. 
If not, we risk repeating the communication and coordination challenges among responding agencies that were well documented in the aftermath of the LAX shooting. There is no excuse for such inaction. 
steps following the shooting to strengthen preparedness and response plans, and they should be applauded for that. 
that airports maintain plans for evacuating travelers, conducting joint exercises within the airport community, establishing unified command posts during security incidents, and testing radio equipment. 
clearinghouse for security incident response and communications best practices—a key recommendation from the airport community—as well as require the agency to certify to Congress that all screening personnel have participated in active shooter training. 
any new spending to implement these commonsense measures. TSA continues 
to achieve millions of dollars in cost savings with riskbased programs such as TSA Precheck, and I believe the agency must continually prioritize its resources to address real threats to the traveling public. 
with public and private sector input following multiple subcommittee hearings, site visits, meetings, and afteraction reviews conducted by both the TSA and Los Angeles World Airports. 
THOMPSON , Ranking Member R ICE, Congressman H UDSON , and other bipartisan 
cosponsors of the bill for joining me in introducing this legislation and for their strong support in getting this legislation to the floor today. 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015, and yield myself such time as I may consume. 
is named in honor of Officer Gerardo Hernandez, a Transportation Security Administration officer who was tragically shot and killed in the line of duty on November 1, 2013, at Los Angeles International Airport. 
name seeks to better prepare our Nation’s airports to respond to such security incidents in hopes that we can prevent another TSA officer, airport employee, or passenger from suffering the same fate. 
man entered LAX with a semiautomatic rifle, a bagful of ammunition, and the intent to target TSA officers. After killing Officer Hernandez at the TSA checkpoint, the man proceeded into the secure area of the terminal where he shot and wounded two more TSA officers and a civilian. 
continued to help passengers escape to safety while the shooter made it as far as the food court at the end of the terminal before he was shot and wounded by LAX police officers. 
The men and women of the Los Angeles World Airports Police Department and all emergency responders who arrived on the scene that morning acted bravely and swiftly prevented further loss of life despite tremendous communications challenges. 
all emergency responders in mind that I rise to support this bill because this incident exposed serious deficiencies in planning, preparedness, and communication that must be corrected for the safety of emergency responders and all who use and work in our airports. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 720 would implement commonsense security measures to ensure that our Nation’s airports have in place individualized strategies for responding to a security incident such as an active shooter scenario or an act of terrorism. 
TSA to provide information to airports on best practices for responding to a security incident at checkpoints; provide Transportation Security officers with practical training for responding to active shooter scenarios; and conduct a nationwide assessment of the interoperable communications capabilities of the law enforcement, fire, and medical personnel responsible for responding to an active shooter event at an airport. 
postincident reviews conducted by TSA and LAX, as well as hearings and oversight work conducted by the Committee on Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation Security. 
in Congress, I understand that the Subcommittee on Transportation Security also visited LAX to see firsthand how the tragedy unfolded and hear from TSA airport officials and the American Federation of Government Employees about how the response to a similar incident can be improved going forward. 
I hope that we can continue that productive dialogue with LAX and our other airports and work together to better prepare for such violence in the airport environment. 
at LAX on November 1, 2013, nor can we afford to forget the lessons to be 
learned from that tragic day. The threats to our Nation’s airports are ceaseless and constantly evolving. There could be another attack on any given day at any given airport. We must assume that it will happen. We must be more prepared. We must do better. We owe it to Officer Hernandez and his family. 
That is why I rise today in support of 
H.R. 720, and I urge all of my colleagues to pass this important bill. 
the balance of my time and look forward to the comments from the gentlewoman from California (Ms. WATERS ). 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. WATERS ), the 
ranking member on the U.S. House Committee on Financial Services whose district encompasses Los Angeles International Airport. 
720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015. I would like to thank Congressman JOHN KATKO , the 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security of the House Committee on Homeland Security, for reintroducing this bill. I was proud to join him as an original cosponsor. 
I would like to thank Homeland Security Chairman MICHAEL MCCAUL, 
and our Subcommittee Ranking Member KATHLEEN RICEfor supporting this 
bill and bringing it to the floor for a vote. 
originally introduced last year in response to the horrific November 1, 2013, shooting incident at Los Angeles International Airport in my congressional district. 
Gerardo Hernandez, the Transportation Security officer who was killed in the line of duty on that tragic day. As we debate this bill, we offer our deepest condolences to the family of Gerardo Hernandez, and we honor all of the TSOs, police officers, and other first responders who risked their lives to stabilize the situation and protect the public during that terrible incident. 
Following the LAX shooting incident, Congress conducted several hearings on the incident, including a field hearing in my district on March 28, 2014. These hearings revealed serious security lapses which interfered with response efforts, such as emergency phones and panic buttons that did not work properly, problems in coordination between various police and fire departments, and incompatible radio systems. These security failures are unacceptable. 
The Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act requires the Department of Homeland Security to conduct outreach to airports to verify that they have working plans to respond to security incidents, including active shooter incidents, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger screening checkpoints like the one where Officer Hernandez was killed. 
like LAX have stateoftheart emergency response systems. The safety and security of our Nation’s airports, and of all of the workers and travelers who pass through them, is of paramount importance. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and send it to the President’s desk. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
to thank Subcommittee Chairman KATKO for the bipartisan, inclusive, 
and constructive way in which he has conducted the subcommittee’s response to this incident. I am proud to join Ranking Member THOMPSON and Chairman M CCAULas an original cosponsor 
of H.R. 720. This is bipartisan legislation that was unanimously passed by the House last Congress, and I urge my colleagues to do the same with this bill. 
today, we will not only honor the life of Officer Hernandez, we have the opportunity to save lives, be they transportation security officers, airport workers, or members of the flying public. At the end of the day, saving those lives is the best way we can honor Officer Hernandez and his family. I once again urge my colleagues to pass this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
unfolded at LAX in November of 2013 was a stark reminder that much remains to be done in securing America’s transit hubs, particularly the nonsterile or nonsecure side of airports that are in many ways just like open shopping malls. 
that airport communities are prepared to respond swiftly to any major security incidents that threaten the safety of the traveling public. In remembrance of Transportation Security Officer Hernandez, I urge my colleagues to pass this important legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, as Chairman of 
the Committee on Homeland Security, I am proud to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015. This bipartisan legislation will help airports nationwide improve their emergency response plans, in order to be better prepared for security incidents like the tragic shooting that occurred at Los Angeles International Airport on November 1, 2013. This legislation will enhance airport security by requiring the Transportation Security Administration to assess security incident preparedness at airports across the country, train its own employees on 
how to effectively respond to active shooter incidents, develop plans for testing emergency communications equipment, and act as a clearinghouse for airport security bestpractices. 
I had the opportunity to travel to LAX nearly 
a year ago for a site visit and field hearing led by the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. HUDSON . During that trip, the Committee 
gained a better understanding of how relatively easy it is for someone with malicious intent to wreak havoc at one of the world’s busiest airports and how important it is to have adequate emergency plans in place to respond to any security incident that may occur. 
the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, Mr. KATKO and the former Chairman of the 
efforts to address this important issue, and their dedication to strengthening the state of airport security nationwide. I also wish to commend the bipartisan efforts of both the Ranking Member of the Full Committee, Mr. THOMPSON , and the Ranking Member of the 
this legislation is greatly appreciated. Identical language to H.R. 720 was approved by the Committee on Homeland Security last Congress and subsequently passed the House by voice vote. 
I urge support for this critical measure. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 720, a bill I am pleased to be a cosponsor of. 
The shooting at LAX resulted in the loss of 
Officer Hernandez’s life and served as a stark reminder of the dangers the men and women on the front lines of securing our aviation sector face. 
Unarmed and exposed, Transportation Security Officers perform the often thankless task of screening 1.8 million passengers per day. 
They do so with limited workplace protections and the great responsibility of preventing another terrorist attack on the scale of 9/11. 
they play in protecting our homeland, it is essential that airports and the law enforcement agencies that serve them have the resources, training, and plans in place to ensure a swift and effective response when an incident that threatens the safety of Transportation Security Officers occurs. 
In March of 2014, I had the opportunity to 
attend the Subcommittee on Transportation Security’s site visit and field hearing at Los Angeles International Airport focused on the tragic shooting that occurred there on November 1st of 2013. 
officers who prevented further loss of life on that tragic day is to be commended, the overall response at LAX left much to be desired. 
working order. The emergency phone Transportation Security Officers have been trained to use did not display the location of the incident to the command center, and the police, firefighters, and emergency medical personnel responding could not communicate via interoperable radios. 
The bill before us today represents a bipartisan effort to remedy many of the deficiencies identified following the shooting. 
last Congress, Representative PAYNE offered an amendment to the bill requiring TSA to 
conduct a nationwide assessment of the interoperability capabilities of emergency responders at airports. 
adopted and is still included in the bill before the House today. 
communications gaps that may hamper emergency response at airports still exist. 
I would like to once again give my condolences for Officer Hernandez. 
serving a public agency in an official capacity as a law enforcement officer, firefighter, or chaplain receive compensation if their loved one is killed in the line of duty. 
of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and members of rescue squads or ambulance crews. 
to include Transportation Security Officers within the definition of what constitutes a public safety officer. 
As a result, the families of TSOs who are 
killed in the line of duty, such as the Hernandez family, are not entitled to funds from the Public Safety Officer’s Benefits Program. 
introduced legislation that would grant Transportation Security Officers the benefits of other law enforcement officers that are killed in the line of duty. 
BROWNLEY intends to reintroduce the ‘‘Honoring Our Fallen TSA Officers Act’’ this Congress. 
I implore my colleagues to support the forthcoming legislation so that the families of the men and women on the front lines of protecting our aviation sector are properly compensated when tragedy strikes. 
strong support of H. R. 720, The Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015, which improves intergovernmental planning and communication during security incidents at domestic airports. 
the Homeland Security Committee Transportation Security Subcommittee, I understand how important this bill will be in enhancing safety and protection in the air transit industry, not just for our citizens but for our Transportation Security Officers working in the line of duty. 
This legislation, which requires the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) to devote more resources for planning and communication during and in case of threats or emergencies, is prompted by the tragic death of Gerardo I. Hernandez, a Transportation Security Officer who was killed in the line of duty at Los Angeles International Airport on November 1, 2013. 
was the first TSA officer to lose his life in the line of duty in the 12 year history of the agency. 
He died from several gunshot wounds inflicted by an assailant while on duty at the Los Angeles International Airport 
Gerardo Hernandez was among those thousands of TSA employs carrying out their mission to keep the airways safe for traveling citizens, and their work across the nation cannot be understated. Seven victims were treated at the scene of 
the attack and three victims who were wounded by gunfire, including two TSA officers, identified as 54yearold James Speer and 36 yearold Tony Grigsby needed hospital treatment. 
air passengers at more than 450 airports across the nation, which averaged over 637.5 million passengers in 2012. 
personnel have received training in how to handle potential shooting threats. 
The bill also requires TSA to verify that all 
airports have plans in place to respond to any security threats, and provide technical assistance as necessary to improve those plans. 
Homeland Security’s (DHS) Office of Cybersecurity and Communication to report to Congress the capacity of law enforcement, fire, and medical response teams’ communication and response to security threats at airports. 
The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimates the implementation of H.R. 720 would cost about $2.5 million in 2015. Of the $2.5 million, an estimated $1.5 million would serve to provide additional technical assistance to airports, and the remaining $1 million would be used to evaluate the interoperability of communication systems used by emergency response teams. 
since our country suffered the tragedy of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. 
our lives, and the lives of every American generation to follow. 
country have been enhanced dramatically, and the resulting inconvenience is a small price to pay for the protective measures needed to keep the travelling public safe. 
their best to make the necessary screening as least intrusive and burdensome as possible, consistent with the mission of ensuring the security of all members of the flying public. 
sure the job gets done, and for that we owe these men and women a debt of gratitude. 
In honor of Gerardo Hernandez’s contribution to his country, I strongly support this bill and urge all my colleagues to join me in voting for its passage. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 33 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia) at 6 
OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES ON THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE ALAN NUNNELEE, A REPRESENTATIVE FROM THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
Speaker, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
In the House of Representatives, U.S., February 10, 2015: 
profound sorrow of the death of the Honorable Alan Nunnelee, a Representative from the State of Mississippi. 
these resolutions to the Senate and transmit a copy thereof to the family of the deceased. 
today, it adjourn as a further mark of respect to the memory of the deceased. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I was delayed 
for votes on Tuesday, February 10, 2015, as the train I was on ended up being delayed by two and a half hours, and as a consequence, I arrived half an hour late and missed votes. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: H.R. 719—TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act—vote: ‘‘yes,’’ H.R. 720—Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act—vote: ‘‘yes.’’ 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 1, KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE APPROVAL ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 16, 2015, THROUGH FEBRUARY 23, 2015 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–22) on the resolution (H. Res. 100) providing for consideration of the bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, and providing for proceedings during the period from February 16, 2015, through February 23, 2015, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 644, FIGHTING HUNGER INCENTIVE ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 636, AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESS TAX RELIEF ACT OF 2015 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–23) on the resolution (H. Res. 101) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 636) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 710) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a comprehensive security assessment of the transportation security card program, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Comptroller General of the United States a comprehensive assessment of the effectiveness of the transportation security card program under section 70105 of title 46, United States Code, at enhancing security and reducing security risks for facilities and vessels regulated pursuant to section 102 of Public Law 107–295. Such assessment shall be conducted by a national laboratory that, to the extent practicable, is within the Department of Homeland Security laboratory network with expertise in maritime security or by a maritime security universitybased center within the Department of Homeland Security centers of excellence network. 
program, as implemented, addresses known or likely security risks in the maritime environment; 
action plan shall include an implementation plan with benchmarks, may include programmatic reforms, revisions to regulations, or proposals for legislation, and shall be considered in any rule making by the Department relating to the transportation security card program. 
transportation security card readers that are compatible with active transportation security cards. 
appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON LEE) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
710, the Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act. 
First, I would like to thank the gentlelady from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) 
for reintroducing this thoughtful legislation and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER ) for her leadership in moving it through her subcommittee last Congress. 
a security assessment to determine the efficacy of the Transportation Worker Identification Credential, commonly known as the TWIC program. This bill will help Congress better determine the value of the TWIC program and simultaneously allow the Department to proceed with finalizing the longawaited card reader rule. 
I support this bill under consideration on the floor today because it responds to a key recommendation of the Government Accountability Office that the TWIC program should have a baseline security assessment before the program moves forward. 
district, such as Savannah, Brunswick, and Kings Bay. As many of my colleagues who also have ports in their districts know, TWIC is a port security program that has been wrought with 
constant delays and questions about its overall security value. 
Last Congress, the Border and Maritime Subcommittee held a hearing with the Coast Guard, TSA, and GAO on the TWIC program and the ongoing concerns therein, and this legislation is a result of that strong oversight. 
than a decade after the legislation that required TWIC was first enacted, there has been no security or effectiveness assessment of the program to assess the underlying assumptions of the security and access control concerns the card was intended to mitigate. 
question: How, if at all, does TWIC improve maritime security? This should have been one of the very first things the Department did when it began to implement this program, and this bill ensures it is done. 
to prevent terrorists from gaining access to sensitive parts of our Nation’s ports through the use of biometricenabled credentials. However, with no biometric reader regulations in place, the TWIC card is currently used as a flash pass since most facilities and vessels are neither currently required to nor voluntarily utilize biometric readers. The lack of biometric readers, therefore, limits the effectiveness of this program. 
Homeland Security Committee have been calling on the Department to release the card reader rule to provide some certainty to workers and industry. 
The final rule to require TWIC readers to be used at the riskiest 5 percent of all TWICregulated vessels and facilities has not been issued. The notice of proposed rulemaking was posted almost 2 years ago which was nearly 6 years after workers were first required to pay for and obtain a TWIC card. 
workers have already had to renew their biometric credentials in the time it has taken to issue regulations on credential readers to actually utilize the biometricenabled technology. This is absurd. 
room for improvement with the TWIC program, putting it on hold for several more years would do more harm than good. The business community has been preparing for this TWIC rule for several years. 
about the requirements of the TWIC program. It also allows the Coast Guard and TSA to continue their efforts to deliver the port security program Congress expected years ago. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 710 requires the GAO to perform consistent reviews of the TWIC program and to follow the changes the Department makes as a result of the required assessment. This added level of review 
will provide Congress with progress updates for future legislative action. 
The proposed rule and open GAO recommendations lead to some very basic questions about mitigating threat, risk, and vulnerability at our Nation’s ports and how the TWIC program should be used effectively to prevent a potential terrorist attack. 
to get this right. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 710, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write concerning H.R. 710, the Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 710, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. 
Please place a copy of this letter and your 
response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
your letter regarding H.R. 710, the ‘‘Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act.’’ I appreciate your 
support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego action on the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure represented on the conference committee. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
rise in strong support of H.R. 710, the Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
good friend from Georgia for his concern and for his commitment and thank him for his service on the Homeland Security Committee. I also want to acknowledge our chairman and our ranking member of the full committee and Mrs. MILLER who now serves as the 
chairwoman of the Border and Maritime Security, on which I served as the ranking member in the last Congress. 
The bill passed the House unanimously in the 113th Congress, and I am pleased it is being considered by the House again today. Mr. Speaker, might I add my appreciation to the House leadership, in particular the Speaker; majority leader; and, of course, our leader and minority whip. 
the Secretary of Homeland Security to implement a biometric credential program, now known as the TWIC program, to ensure that individuals with unescorted access to secure areas of ports and vessels were vetted and carrying proper credentials. 
Mr. Speaker, I had a TWIC card. I remember being there as the TWIC card was being implemented and watching various workers come to a central point and sign up for the TWIC card. We had great hope and inspiration on that TWIC card. 
viewed as critical to ensuring protection of our ports from a socalled insider security threat; however, in the years since it was established, the Department of Homeland Security struggled to realize the security benefits that Congress envisioned. 
the Transportation Security Administration, Mr. Pistole, was very concerned. It should be noted their efforts are an important part of their work, along with others. 
In fact, the Government Accountability Office has examined the program and identified serious shortcomings that may undermine the program’s intended purpose and make it difficult to justify the program’s costs and particularly the costs to workers. I saw that firsthand. I also saw the challenges of workers who had many unique scheduling for their work hours to be able to get a TWIC card. 
its predecessor last Congress with the support of Subcommittee Chairman MILLER as an original cosponsor to ensure that Congress receives an independent, scientific assessment of the program and to require the Secretary to issue a corrective action plan in response to the assessment. 
cosponsor, but this is bipartisan legislation. The required assessment should give Congress the information it needs to determine how best to proceed with the TWIC program. The bill has been refined over time to 
ensure that the long overdue rulemaking for TWIC card readers would not be affected by the bill and to refine the scope of the assessment we are seeking. 
rule; particularly, there is interest in how many ports and vessels will be required to install readers for biometric cards. If the final rule requires only a limited number of vessels and ports to have biometric readers, as has been previously proposed by the Department, we will still—we will still—certainly need to have a discussion about what this means for the approximately 2 million truckers, longshoremen, and port workers who today carry TWICs as part of their jobs. 
near our ports, such as the Houston port, we know that this will have a great impact. 
for his concern and presence here on the floor today and in support of this legislation. 
point that this bill was generated by the GAO report which found a number of concerns, and I just want to mention one or two. The reliability of data collection retention was done in an incomplete and inconsistent manner, this report wanted to inform us of—this was a GAO TWIC report—and it commented on some of the illnesses or ailments of this process. 
not match underlying documentation, installed TWIC readers and access control systems could not collect required data on TWIC reader use, and TSA and the independent test agent did not employ effective compensating data collection measures. 
Also, pilot participants did not document instances of denied access. Finally, TSA and the independent test agent did not collect complete data on malfunctioning TWIC cards. 
This legislation, the underlying legislation, H.R. 710, is to be a helper. It is to help correct our path to make the document, the TWIC card that all of us are quite familiar with, the best effective datacollecting document and system that it can possibly be. 
colleagues on the Homeland Security Committee have supported this legislation, and I ask my colleagues to join us in making what is good much better and best to be able to secure the Nation and provide for the homeland. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my 
bill, H.R. 710, the ‘‘Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act.’’ 
the 113th Congress and I am pleased it is being considered by the House again today. 
Secretary of Homeland Security to implement a biometric credential program, now known as the TWIC program, to ensure that individuals with unescorted access to secure areas of 
as critical to ensuring the protection of our ports from a socalled ‘‘insider security threat.’’ 
However, in the years since it was established, the Department of Homeland Security struggled to realize the security benefits that Congress envisioned. 
In fact, the Government Accountability Office has examined the program and identified serious shortcomings that may undermine the program’s intended purpose and make it difficult to justify program costs, and particularly the costs to workers. 
predecessor last Congress, with the support of Subcommittee Chairman MILLER as an original 
cosponsor, to ensure that Congress receives an independent scientific assessment of the program and to require the Secretary to issue a corrective action plan in response to the assessment. 
The required assessment should give Congress the information it needs to determine how best to proceed with the TWIC program. 
The bill has been refined over time to ensure that the longoverdue rulemaking for TWIC card readers would not be affected by the bill and to refine the scope of the assessment we are seeking. 
There is great interest in that final rule, particularly there is interest in how many ports and vessels will be required to install readers for biometric cards. 
If the final rule requires only a limited number of vessels and ports to have biometric readers, as has been previously proposed by the Department, we will certainly need to have a discussion about what this means for the approximately 2 million truckers, longshoremen and port workers who today carry TWICs as part of their jobs. 
In closing, I want to express my appreciation to Chairman MILLER for the bipartisan nature of the work on this bill and express my appreciation to her staff for their cooperation. 
I am proud to represent a portion of the Port 
of Houston and know firsthand the importance of this issue to the maritime workers, truckers, and others who access our Nation’s ports every day. It is imperative that we get this right on their behalf. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 710, a 
bipartisan bill that is essential to ensuring that the Department of Homeland Security has an effective program in place to help secure our ports. 
Identical legislation that I authored was approved unanimously last Congress. Today, with this legislation, we have the opportunity to send another strong message to the Department. 
Homeland Security Committee, the Ranking Member of the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, and the author of the legislation, I rise in strong and enthusiastic support of H.R. 710, the ‘‘Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act.’’ 
H.R. 710 is identical in all substantive respects to H.R. 3202, which passed the House during the 113th Congress on July 28, 2014. 
The Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act directs the Secretary of Homeland Security (DHS) to submit to Congress and the Comptroller General (GAO) a comprehensive assessment of the effectiveness of the transportation security card program at enhancing security or reducing security risks for maritime facilities and vessels. 
GAO TWIC Report on the Weaknesses in the Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC) Reader Pilot program that impacted the accuracy, and reliability of the system. 
and retention was done in an incomplete and inconsistent manner during the pilot, further undermining the completeness, accuracy, and reliability of the data collected at pilot sites. 
1. Installed TWIC readers and access control systems could not collect required data on TWIC reader use, and TSA and the independent test agent did not employ effective compensating data collection measures. 
3. Pilot documentation did not contain complete TWIC reader and access control system characteristics. 
(TSA) and the independent test agent did not record clear baseline data for comparing operational performance at access points with TWIC readers. 
6. Pilot participants did not document instances of denied access. 
not collect consistent data on the operational impact of using TWIC cards with readers. 
information about installed TWIC readers’ and access control systems’ design. 
in the GAO report by directing the Secretary to issue a corrective action plan based on the assessment that responds to the findings of a costbenefit analysis of the program and enhances security or reduces security risk for such facilities and vessels. 
General, within 120 days must review the extent to which the submissions implement certain recommendations issued by the Comptroller General, and inform Congress as to the responsiveness of the submission. 
issuing a final rule requiring the use of transportation security card readers until the Comptroller General informs Congress that the submission is substantially responsive to the GAO recommendations, and the Secretary issues an updated list of transportation security card readers that are compatible with active transportation security cards. 
Mr. Speaker, my congressional district is located in Houston, Texas, which is home to the Port of Houston, one of the world’s busiest ports, and one of its most critical infrastructure projects. 
The Port of Houston is a 25milelong complex of diversified public and private facilities located just a few hours’ sailing time from the Gulf of Mexico. 
contribute 1,026,820 jobs and generate more than $178.5 billion in statewide economic impact. For the past 11 consecutive years, Texas 
has outpaced the rest of the nation’s ports in exports and ranked: 1. 1st in foreign tonnage; 2. 2nd in total tonnage; and 3. 7th in container ports by total TEUs in 2012. 
port with 46% of market share by tonnage and the largest Texas container port with 96% market share in containers by total TEUs in 2012. 
handling 67% of Gulf Coast container traffic in 2012 and ranked 2nd in terms of cargo value (based on CBP Customs port definitions). 
(GAO), reports that the Port of Houston, its waterways, and vessels are part of an economic engine handling more than $700 billion in merchandise annually. 
100 steamship lines offering services that link Houston with 1,053 ports in 203 countries. 
The Port of Houston hosts a $15 billion petrochemical complex, the largest in the nation and second largest worldwide. 
supplies over 40 percent of the nation’s base petrochemical manufacturing capacity. 
What happens at the Port of Houston affects the entire nation. 
Act in 2006, we directed the Secretary of Homeland Security to implement a biometric credential program to ensure that individuals with unescorted access to sensitive areas in ports and vessels were vetted and known. 
Committee’s oversight responsibilities we learned that, as implemented by TSA and the Coast Guard, there are weaknesses in the program. 
Security Committee Ranking Member, and Mrs. MILLER , Chair of the Border and Maritime 
Security Subcommittee as original cosponsors, to ensure that Congress receives an independent scientific assessment of the program and to require the Secretary to issue a corrective action plan in response to the assessment. 
The required assessment should give Congress the information it needs to determine how best to proceed with the program. 
I want to point out that in the last Congress 
when this bill was marked up in Committee, language was integrated to ensure that clarified that pending rulemaking would not be impacted by the bill and refined the scope of the assessment we are seeking. 
H.R. 710 retains this language. The Department has said that the final rule 
for biometric readers will be published in January 2015. 
final rule for biometric readers, particularly as it relates to the number of ports and vessels that will be required to install readers for biometric cards. 
If the final rule requires only a limited number of vessels and ports to have biometric readers, as has been previously proposed by the Department, we will certainly need to have a discussion about what this means for the approximately 2 million truckers, longshoremen and port workers who today are required to carry biometric cards to do their jobs. 
I want to express my appreciation to Chairman MILLER for the bipartisan nature of the 
work on this and all the bills that originate in 
her Subcommittee and thank her and the Committee staff for their cooperation and assistance in shepherding this vital legislation to the floor. 
I ask my colleagues on both sides of the 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her leadership in this very important issue. 
Once again, I want to urge all of my 
colleagues to support this strong, bipartisan piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise today to speak on behalf of H.R. 644, which promotes charitable giving. Think about this: one in eight Iowans struggle to find food, and one in five Iowa children don’t have enough to eat. Iowa and our country face a very real challenge here that we cannot ignore. 
considering H.R. 644, the Fighting Hunger Incentive Act. H.R. 644 is good for families who give, and it is good for the families they serve. It is a commonsense solution that all my colleagues should support. 
the Tax Code to provide for enhanced deductions for food inventory donations. We have great food banks across the Hawkeye State, but they are always in need of food inventory. 
less expensive, and it makes more businesses and families eligible for the credit so that we can empower those who can make a difference. 
planned upcoming speech before Congress by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been mishandled from the start. It is being brought forward in a manner that is in total contravention of important diplomatic protocols that exist to support America’s strategic interests and, frankly, Israel’s. Mr. Speaker, this speech was agreed 
to unilaterally by the Republican Speaker of this House. He provided no courtesy nor prior notification to the executive branch, as is the standard course of protocol with foreign leaders. 
our national unity on foreign policy. Our Constitution assigns the office of the President the right and responsibility to negotiate with foreign governments. 
invite a sitting head of state with no notification to the executive branch does harm to our national interests and our standing throughout the world. 
branch is pursuing sensitive and promising nuclear negotiations with Iran, why would our Speaker behave so cavalierly? Shouldn’t our Nation’s executive and legislative branches be unified in matters of foreign policy with such grave ramifications beyond our shores? 
before the Israeli elections, it appears that our Congress will be used as a campaign backstop and backdrop for Israeli election politics. How unfortunate and how wantonly crass and insulting to this Congress and the Constitution we are all sworn to uphold. 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
fourthgeneration Japanese American, it is with special pride today that I announce a historic moment, the first time a play about the World War II internment of Japanese Americans has made it to Broadway. 
with a book by Marc Acito. The musical is called ‘‘Allegiance,’’ and actor George Takei and all of the artists, producers, and supporters of ‘‘Allegiance’’ deserve congratulations. They are getting this still littleknown story about the internment of Japanese Americans told in a high profile and exciting way. 
Takei’s experiences when he and his family were interned during World War II. The play is a tribute to his parents, as well as the more than 110,000 other people of Japanese ancestry who were subjected to forced relocation and incarceration. 
and support ‘‘Allegiance.’’ This production will raise awareness of injustices of that time, and it is a reminder of how much work remains to ensure equal rights and treatment for all. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge the President to send defensive weapons to the beleaguered people of Ukraine. I just came back from a meeting in Europe with the President of Ukraine, Mr. Poroshenko, who pleaded with us that he needs help. The world cannot stand idly by and allow Putin Russian aggression to continue without giving the Ukrainians a chance to defend themselves. 
negotiations going on this week in Minsk, and I know that the leaders of France and Germany want to see if they can again put together some kind of an agreement before any weapons are given, but there was a Minsk agreement several months ago only to be broken by Mr. Putin, and the Ukrainians need help now. 
As Mr. Poroshenko said when he addressed the joint session of Congress: 
The Ukrainians are asking for antitank weapons, armored Humvees, longerrange counterartillery radars, drones, and additional advanced radios. We just would give them the ability to defend themselves. 
military. It doesn’t involve U.S. troops. How much longer can we watch the beleaguered people of Ukraine in siege? The United States should take moves and should take moves now. Send Ukraine these defensive weapons. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
just yesterday I joined my public school system, my director of the city health department, and a number of health professionals to again remind parents and others around the Nation, and really to remind now, as I speak, my colleagues, vaccines save; and to be able to emphasize in the backdrop of this outbreak of measles, starting first with 7 States and 114 cases coming out of the case in Disney, and then now 17 States with 121 cases, to recognize the importance of research and responding to infectious disease. 
We understand measles. We understand the science of it. We know that we can protect people against it. We know when they should get a booster and what age a child should begin their first shots, certainly after 1 year old. We understand that an 8monthold is in jeopardy if he or she is exposed, as is someone with low immunity. We also know that the measles vaccine has worked, and it has been effective. 
I want to thank the Centers for Disease Control. In a conference call, they indicated that they are going to make new efforts to work with various health facilities and health entities 
across the Nation to establish protocols to talk to parents about vaccines. We can save lives, and we must do so together. 
COMMITTEE TO ATTEND THE FUNERAL OF THE LATE HONORABLE ALAN NUNNELEE 
House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker on February 9, 2015, appointed the following Members of the House to the committee to attend the funeral of the late Honorable ALANNUNNELEE : 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
‘‘Alzheimer’s,’’ a word that brings fear and trauma to families all across America and, indeed, around the world. Tonight we are going to spend our time talking about this dreaded disease for which there is no known cure and which always ends in death. 
I would like now to turn to my colleague, this being a bipartisan Special Order hour, unusual to be sure, but absolutely appropriate given the fact that this illness affects virtually every American family. I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). 
thank the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) for organizing this 
Special Order for 1 hour to talk about the blight that we face here in America, and I am sure in many other countries around the world, known as Alzheimer’s. I note the flyer that the gentleman sent around, a beautiful picture of him and his wife, Patti Garamendi, 
and some other family members, one of whom I am sure has had this difficulty themselves. So again, from the bottom of my heart and my constituents, I thank you for taking the time to organize this Special Order. 
most valued possession—their memory. But we will not forget the them. I have met with many families across the Sixth District of Virginia who have been impacted by Alzheimer’s, and it has been my honor to represent them by being a member of the bipartisan Congressional Alzheimer’s Task Force. 
Tonight I would like to take a moment to thank the men and women who care for those suffering from Alzheimer’s—the spouses, children, grandchildren, friends, doctors, and nurses who assure them who they are, where they are, and affirm for them their dignity as an individual. Though their memories and clarity may fade, who they are is not truly gone. And we will not forget those suffering from Alzheimer’s. 
colleagues to promote bipartisan policies that will benefit the fight against this dreaded disease of Alzheimer’s. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the gentleman from Virginia for joining us and for his commitment to this very serious issue. There are approximately 5.1 million Americans who have Alzheimer’s today, and it is expected to substantially grow. As the baby boomers come into their latter years, we would expect to see as many as 13 million Americans with this disease in the years ahead. It will be an incredible challenge for this Nation. 
New York (Mr. HIGGINS ) for him to join 
from California for bringing this issue to the House floor, underscoring the urgency of investing, through the National Institutes of Health, proper funding to find a cause and, thus, a cure for Alzheimer’s. As the gentleman said, 5 million Americans are living with Alzheimer’s. It is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States. Death from Alzheimer’s increased 68 percent between the years 2000 and 2010, while deaths from other major diseases decreased. 
$200 billion a year. Without a breakthrough, treatment will cost $1 trillion a year by the year 2050. We are still seeking an adequate level of funding. For every $100 that the National Institutes of Health spends on Alzheimer’s research, Medicare and Medicaid spend $26,000 caring for those who have the disease. 
legislation: the Alzheimer’s Accountability Act, which would ensure that Federal priorities and goals for Alzheimer’s research actually reflect what scientists believe is needed; and the 
HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act, which would provide Medicare coverage for the clinical diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease and for care planning of newly diagnosed Americans. 
from California pointed out, becomes localized and becomes very personal. The origins of Alzheimer’s are unknown, but the end is absolutely certain. It ends in losing your cognitive ability, your dignity, and, ultimately, your life. 
In western New York, we have approximately 130,000 people who are impacted by Alzheimer’s: 32,000 people who are afflicted, and 96,000 who love and provide care for the afflicted. That number is expected to triple by 2015. 
The Alzheimer’s Association of Western New York works yearround to highlight the effect of Alzheimer’s disease and to help people and caregivers touched by this disease. 
this disease is Nancy Swiston, a constituent who lost her mom, Grace Swiston, who bravely fought the disease for 10 long years. Today, Nancy volunteers with the Alzheimer’s Association of Western New York to be a voice for those suffering from the disease and the families who care for those with Alzheimer’s. Nancy’s story is one of too many families across the Nation we share, but we commit to fighting with her to raise awareness in funding for a cure that we will all embrace one day. 
I thank the gentleman from California again for committing us to this important issue. 
thank you for sharing your thoughts on this dreaded disease for which there is no known cure and there is no way to diagnose it until it is present. You cannot get ahead of this illness, but there are ways we can make progress. You pointed out what has happened over the last decade with extraordinary research efforts, and this chart really lays it out there as to where we are. 
For breast cancer, we have seen a decline of 2 percent in breast cancer deaths; prostate cancer, an 8 percent decline; heart disease, a 16 percent decline; stroke, 23 percent decline; and then one of the great victories, HIV/ AIDS, a 42 percent decline in the number of deaths. This is the result of research, an extraordinary amount of research going on, not only in the United States but around the world, resulting in significant drops in the death rates for those diseases. 
where we have just over $500 million of research, we have seen a 68 percent increase in the death rates. This is the story of Alzheimer’s. This is the challenge that we face. This is the challenge that every American family faces and our communities. We will talk more about this a little later. 
has joined us this evening to talk about the work that the task force is doing and her own commitment to this profoundly important issue. MAXINE  
and I have had the pleasure of working together for 40 years, so it is all good. 
thank you not only for allotting me this time this evening, but I would like to thank you for your commitment to educating on this issue and to helping our colleagues to understand that we must focus on this issue and that we must do more to support research. You are indeed a leader. This certainly is not the first time that you have organized one of these evening meetings on this, and I thank you for the work that you are doing. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, as cochair of the Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer’s Disease, I know how devastating this disease can be for patients, families, and caregivers. The task force works on a bipartisan basis to increase awareness of Alzheimer’s, strengthen the Federal response to the disease, and provide assistance to Alzheimer’s patients and their caregivers. I am proud to lead the task force, along with my returning cochair, Congressman CHRIS SMITH, and 
Alzheimer’s is a tragic disease affecting millions of Americans, and it has reached crisis proportions. There is no effective treatment, no means of prevention, nor even a method for slowing the progression of the disease. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 5 million Americans are living with Alzheimer’s disease as of 2013. This number is expected to almost triple to 14 million by the year 2050. 
disease and other forms of dementia are also growing at an unsustainable rate. A recent RAND study of adults ages 70 years and older found that the total economic cost of dementia in 2010 was estimated to be $109 billion for direct care alone. That is higher than the cost of both heart disease and cancer. Furthermore, when the cost of informal care is included, the total cost rises to between $159 billion and $215 billion. 
We must act now to change the trajectory of this disease. The bipartisan supported National Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Disease calls for a cure or an effective treatment for Alzheimer’s by the year 2025. Reaching this goal will require a significant increase in Federal funding for Alzheimer’s research. 
with task force cochair Congressman CHRIS SMITH to call for a $200 million 
increase in funding for Alzheimer’s research in the President’s budget for fiscal year 2016. However, while the President’s budget did recognize the importance of Alzheimer’s research, it only increased funding by $51 million. This year, I plan to work with my colleagues on the task force to make certain Congress appropriates robust funding for Alzheimer’s research to meet the urgent need. 
to expand the available resources for Alzheimer’s research and assist patients, families, and caregivers. 
First, I will reintroduce the Alzheimer’s Caregiver Support Act. This bill will authorize grants to public and nonprofit organizations to expand training and support services for families and caregivers of Alzheimer’s patients. With the majority of Alzheimer’s patients living at home under the care of family and friends, it is important that we ensure these caregivers have access to the training and resources needed to provide proper care. 
to reauthorize and improve the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, a small but effective Department of Justice program that helps local communities and law enforcement agencies quickly identify persons with Alzheimer’s disease who wander away from their homes and safely reunite them with their families. This program is very valuable. It is a valuable resource for first responders. More importantly, it protects vulnerable Alzheimer’s patients and brings peace of mind to their families. 
amendment to continue funding for this program, which cost only $1 million for the year. The following year, I called for, and received, a doubling of the funding for this important program. 
program gets funding every year. I am not happy with the amount of the funding. We need to do more, and we have to fight more beyond 2015 into the 2016 budget to make sure that we get more money because it is desperately needed. 
Finally, I will reintroduce the legislation to require the U.S. Postal Service to issue and sell a semipostal stamp, with the proceeds helping to fund Alzheimer’s research at the National Institutes of Health. This would encourage concerned individuals to get involved and contribute to Alzheimer’s research efforts, just as many have done in the case of the popular and successful Breast Cancer Research semi postal stamp. 
The situation requires decisive action to search for a cure and protect the millions of Americans currently living with Alzheimer’s disease. Together, we must take every possible action to improve treatments for Alzheimer’s patients, support caregivers, and invest in research to find a cure for this 
GARAMENDI , my colleague from California, whom I have worked with for many, many years, for again organizing yet another night Special Order. 
for your leadership as cochair of the Alzheimer’s task force here in Congress. Obviously, it is leading to some good pieces of legislation. Last year, when you introduced that legislation, I had the privilege and pleasure of being a coauthor. I will join you again as you introduce those pieces of legislation. I bet we can get all 194 members of the task force on board. That will give us— let’s see, we need 18 plus 6—24 more Members and we can get it past the House of Representatives. 
Thank you very much. I really appreciate your leadership on this. I know this is a personal issue for you with family having been impacted by it. 
and I know you are going to have to take off and head to another meeting— but Alzheimer’s is very, very much a personal thing. 
mother as her mother was entering the last year of her 15year struggle with Alzheimer’s. We had the good fortune of Patti’s mom, Merle, living with us in our home, and we were able to take care of her. We had a daycare come in to handle the issues during the day. But then in the evening, Patti and I took care of her. It turned out to be a good experience for us where the family really pulled together, the grandchildren and the greatgrandchildren all coming together. 
unusual in that my motherinlaw was always kind, always gentle, even though in the last couple of years she could not speak and was unable to really move very much. But, nonetheless, it was a period of time where the grandchildren came to know her in a very different way. 
place about a year, maybe 14 months before she died. Her speech was garbled and not really clear. We couldn’t understand. But our little 3yearold granddaughter climbed up on great grandma’s bed and was listening to the greatgrandmother talk. The rest of us adults were gathered around and we were talking about whatever it was, 
and our little 3year old began to translate what greatgrandma was saying. We were suddenly caught up in the awareness that, while the mind was not functioning fully, it was, nonetheless, functioning in a way in which this woman, who was then 90 years old, was able to understand what we were saying, but because of this disease was unable to articulate, at least to us, her involvement in the conversation. 
realized that this illness destroys the mind a piece at a time. It doesn’t just wipe out, as a stroke might, but it takes away the cognitive ability of the mind in a slow progression through time. This progression was about 15 years, but other progressions might be very, very rapid. 
intended to join us, but was called away late this evening. Her mother died just 3 weeks ago of this illness. She explained some of the way in which it happened. When we come back in about a month to do another Special Order hour, I will ask her to join us and, hopefully, she will be able to share her experiences. 
here there are, perhaps, more than 50 percent of us whose families have been personally impacted, and then the neighbors, as Mr. GOODLATTE was sharing with us. 
If you would like to join in, let’s have 
a colloquy. We will share thoughts about what we can do about the research effort. I will put up some charts and we can chat on for a few minutes. 
Well, thank you so very, very much, Mr. GARAMENDI , again, for your leadership and for affording our Members the opportunity to have shared their experiences because all of what we learn as we serve as caregivers who happen to be relatives and friends, that information is going to be very valuable to our researchers. Because of you, we are going to be able to get those stories out. Thank you so very much. 
up this chart. You mentioned research in your opening remarks, and then again. Your leadership on this has been absolutely extraordinary—the bills that you have introduced and the encouragement you have given to others to introduce legislation and push it forward. 
I think this is where we are going to 
spend our time—fighting for research. I am going to go through this. 
This poster shows how we are spending our National Institutes of Health research dollars. We can be thankful for each piece of this research that is going on. 
with considerable success—and I will come back and show an earlier poster that I had—we are spending $5.418 billion. This is in fiscal year 2014—$5.418 billion. 
the years, between 2000 and 2010, we have seen breast cancer deaths decline by 2 percent, prostate cancer decline by 8 percent. That is what research will do. It is successful. 
spent annually in 2014, and again we are seeing HIV/AIDS an incredible success story. Still with us, but nonetheless, we have seen death from HIV/ 
AIDS decline by 42 percent as we have invested $3 billion over the years; in 2014, $3 billion, and a little less in the 
heart disease, stroke, and heart attacks—we are spending around $2 billion of your taxpayer money on this particular disease. What is the result? The result is that deaths from heart disease from 2000–2010, deaths from heart disease are down by 16 percent and stroke down by 23 percent. 
Where are we with Alzheimer’s research? Alzheimer’s research in 2014 was $566 million, just over half a billion dollars for Alzheimer’s research. And where are we with Alzheimer’s? Well, that same period of time, we have seen Alzheimer’s deaths increase by 68 percent, in part because there is no cure except death, and that is what has happened. As the baby boomers age, as that cohort of the population moves through into advanced age, Alzheimer’s is taking a grip on those people. 
year, along with the research that Ms. WATERS has already discussed, and 
some other bills that will be discussed in the days ahead, our goal this year is to ramp up this research. A project, as a result of the legislation that was passed in the year 2011, gave us information from the National Institutes of Health and other scientists that the appropriate level of funding to understand Alzheimer’s, to find a cure or at least a way of prolonging health and delaying the onset of the illness, should be about $2 billion a year, something similar to what we are spending on cardiovascular research. 
that is the 2015 budget, that is the current budget—we increased the funding by about $25 million. Good. We are not getting very close to $2 billion, which is the goal to really get and understand this disease. But, nonetheless, we put $25 million more into it last year. 
I hope that all of us who are concerned about this make a fullcourt press this year to try to get that number up to a much more substantial number so that we can really get at this research. The President, recognizing this problem—as was discussed earlier by one of our colleagues here— the President has proposed an additional $50 million. Good. But, once again, not what the scientists tell us we need to really adequately fund this illness. So we are going to work on this. 
I notice that my colleague from California—would you like to join us? This is a bipartisan Special Order hour. Unusual, to be sure. Usually, we talk both sides—one side talks about the other side, the other side talks about them. This time we are talking about a common problem that affects all of us— Democrat, Republican, Independent, left, right, center, up, and down—all Americans. My colleague from California, welcome. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
note that I have been here 26 years, and I have always tried to vote for increases in the specific level of funding for the National Institutes of Health, which, of course, oversees much of this health research that we are talking about today. I know we have people coming in all the time talking to us. They want us to sign onto a bill to increase this particular disease or that particular disease. 
have to have is basically let’s provide as much money as we can to this type of research and programs by people who are the experts, and let them determine where is the best use of our limited research money. So I have been very much supportive of your efforts and the other efforts of many bipartisan people in this Congress. 
I would like to add that we can’t just 
rely on the government. The next speech I will be giving in a few moments deals with the patent issue. We need to make sure that people in the private sector will be encouraged to invest in new types of technology and new types of approaches to curing these problems, like medical equipment and things that will really help save people. 
new inhalant so that 60 percent of the people who now use needles for diabetes won’t have to use them. They can just do a little inhale before every meal. 
through the FDA—10 years. We need to make sure the FDA is doing its job, and we need to make sure those people who are out in the private sector who are investing in new medical technologies have a way to recoup their money. At the same time, like you are focusing on tonight, we have to make sure the government is doing its part both in patents and in the FDA and, especially, for the National Institutes of Health. So thank you very much for what you are doing. 
I know in your district—in the Orange County area—there is major medical research going on at the University of California at Irvine and, certainly, at UCLA, at the mind institutes there. Out of that research do come new technologies, new drugs, new kinds of equipment, some of which are patentable; and the licensing of the new drugs through the FDA is always a challenge, so we do have multiple tasks here. We have to deal with the patent laws and the availability of patent research dollars and then have to make sure that the drug actually is made 
Mr. Speaker, I want to go back to a 
couple of things that we were talking about earlier on the research side. Our goal is to ramp up this research to try to get to the level that is suggested. Now, we always look at cost benefit. Is this research going to pay off? I think it will. 
came across an email, actually, from the University of California at Davis, which I represent—near Sacramento— at their California National Primate Research Center. They have been using stem cell research to address the issue of Alzheimer’s. What they have found is that they are able to use this Nouvelle stem cell therapy in primates, which is similar to the human brain, and to actually have some success. They have now taken it the next step further. Here is where we are into the FDA and the approval of drugs, Mr. ROHRABACHER . They have taken it the 
next step further, and they are doing clinical human trials with this drug, and it seems to restore the human brain. 
Now, that is a long way before we get 
to the end of this story, but this is what happens when we have research developing a new therapy—in this case, a stem cell therapy with primates—and now transferring it over to the human in a clinical trial. How exciting it is— the possibilities—not just in slowing down the progress of the disease, which has been the shortterm goal, but maybe in being able to restore the human brain. Wow. Wow. I think of my motherinlaw. I think of those whom I know who have come down with this illness, and I am going, wow, what if? What if it had been available? Well, it could be. 
very interested in international work. You have traveled extensively. You are involved with other countries and their research. This is not just a United States issue; this is an international issue. 
cochair of the Alzheimer’s Task Force here in Washington, in the House of Representatives, conducted a bipartisan international conference in New York at the United Nations, pulling together researchers from around the world. We have another piece of this puzzle available to us in the United States—international research, NIH research, research at the universities, at the various mind institutes around the Nation—all of that. 
As a result of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, with improvised explosive devices and the extraordinary impact that those have had on our military—the soldiers, the marines, and others who have suffered from those explosions—we are now, in the military budget, appropriating a significant amount of money for research into traumatic brain injury as well as into posttraumatic stress syndrome, trying to understand the human mind. What 
happens when you get that blow against the head? What causes the brain to react and to deteriorate? That research also informs us about Alzheimer’s. 
One of the goals that I will be pursuing this year is to try to bring together all of these research programs that are underway. Even the National Football League is engaging in research having to do with traumatic brain injury to the football players in the professional football leagues. They are trying to understand what it is all about. So, if we could pull together all of that research and pool the information and make it available—perhaps what is going on at UC Davis and at other research institutions—I think we can jumpstart the solution. 
alone. Our former colleague here, Patrick Kennedy, heads up an organization called the One Mind organization, and that is their goal: to pull together the research—to get all of the international, the military, the National Institutes of Health, the National Football League—and to have all of us working towards a common goal of understanding the human mind, what the injuries are, and how we can deal with Alzheimer’s as a result of all of that. 
I am going to put up a couple more 
pieces of this puzzle and the trauma that it brings. We discussed this briefly early on, and I just want to come back to this. 
will skyrocket as the baby boomers age. This is driven by three things: one, the cost of treating Alzheimer’s, which is very expensive and is ongoing; secondly, there is no known cure; and, thirdly, the demographic growth of the population. Today, you are looking at somewhere around $225 billion spent by the government and private and individuals and families on Alzheimer’s, and it is expected to grow to close to $1 trillion by 2050. This is an extraordinary growth rate. A lot of this money is going to be taxpayer money spent on Medicare and Medicaid. 
Medicare and Medicaid. In 2010, Medicare and Medicaid were spending about $122 billion. In 2020, it is expected to go up to nearly $200 billion and then just continue to escalate. This, many think, is the way in which Medicare and Medicaid will be bankrupted—just with Alzheimer’s alone. Now, this is the government spending. The private spending—private insurance and families— will probably be spending somewhere around a third of this amount in the years ahead. So, if we are able—and we believe we can. Just take one look at what is going on at UC Davis, and that is just one of dozens and dozens of examples. 
What is happening is that the research is coming on. The first goal is to delay the onset. It is anticipated that, if we were able to quickly ramp up to $2 billion a year of research, we would, within the next 4 to 5 years, be able to 
find a way, perhaps with a drug therapy, to delay the onset of Alzheimer’s by 5 years. What does that mean? That means that the $2 billion that is spent on research leading to the delay—not the cure but just the delay of the onset—would, in the next 3 years, after that delay goes into place, save the taxpayers the $2 billion that was spent on research, and then those savings 
would continue on into the future. If you are a financial analyst on Wall Street and if you are able to get a payback within 3 years, you are thinking that that is a pretty good investment. So we ought to look at this in terms of cost benefit, in terms of investment— the financial side of it. That is appropriate. 
could be done. Think what could be done to those families, to my wife’s mother—my motherinlaw—if her illness were delayed 5 years. She would have had 5 more years of healthy life. She didn’t die of heart disease or cancer. She died of Alzheimer’s. She could have had an additional 5 years if we had been able, at that moment, to have delayed the onset of the disease. As we understand how to delay the onset, we will also learn how to cure the disease. This is where we are headed. This is our goal. This is what we want to try to accomplish. 
I am going to put this one up because 
it is so dramatic. Here is the cost of treatment today for the Federal Government. This is 2014: $150 billion from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. CMS: $150 billion. These are actually 2012 expenditures. Then this is where we are spending the money: $560 million on research. It is lopsided. 
time today is to take these two charts, actually. This one: Research works. Research saves lives. Research improves the quality of life for Americans. 
the cancer rate for breast cancer. Cancer research: we have decreased by 8 percent prostate cancer. HIV/AIDS research: a 42 percent decrease in the death rate. Heart disease and stroke: 23 and 16 percent. Alzheimer’s: we are not there yet. We are researching, but we are not there yet, so we wind up with a death rate that is rapidly increasing. 
about my family, and it is about your family. It is about the American families. It is about the American families who are enduring their loved ones— their parents, their grandparents— slowly, slowly dying of Alzheimer’s, losing their mental capabilities. It affected our family, and I suspect it has affected your family. It doesn’t have to be. We can deal with this. Yes, we can—si, se puede. We can do this, and your Congress—Democrat and Republican—is working on this issue. We are going to beat Alzheimer’s. It is our task. It is our challenge. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
would like to commend my colleague, who has just presented a heartfelt case for scientific and healthrelated research by the National Institutes of Health. I concur with him that this is a very important part of what we do here. We have budgets that we have to meet, but this should be a significant part of our budget. 
I would like to also note, as I did 
when he yielded to me, that, yes, the government needs to play a significant part—the National Institutes of Health—in trying to find cures and in trying to find ways of improving the health of the American people. It is not just up to the National Institutes of Health, and it is not just up to the government employees. My approach, which I will be talking about tonight, is something vital—that the private sector needs to be involved not only in this type of health innovation, but in all sorts of innovation and technological jumps forward that some people think only government can do; but, in fact, it is the private sector and, especially, the small, independent inventors who have played such a significant role in furthering human progress, in uplifting humankind. 
role especially in these healthrelated issues, I think that we should dedicate ourselves to making sure that private money is going into this. 
California at Irvine is doing exemplary work. Yes, but so are many private companies that have invested money in health care technology development. Some of them, I might add, have been taxed to death by a 2.5 percent tax on their gross simply for being the inventors of healthrelated technologies. 
which makes the manufacturers of devices the most heavily taxed people in this country, is a deterrent to having people in the private sector investing in exactly what my colleague was trying to suggest—into new approaches to these various diseases. That is also true not only of medical technology but of technologies across the board that really impact on the wellbeing and on the standard of living of ordinary people throughout our country. 
colleagues, to a legislative threat to the safety and wellbeing of the American people. We dodged a bullet in the last session of Congress on this very same issue. 
Alerted by our aggressive yet unsuccessful attempt to stop that effort— that rancorous legislation in the 
House, which passed by a large majority last time around—we raised such a ruckus that the Senate was inundated with a wide spectrum of opposition to this supposed reform that had passed the House. There was so much opposition, in fact, that the Senate simply refused to bring up the bill for consideration. 
rammed through the House right now and, once we exposed it the last time around, caused the Senate to turn back and to not let it go through? Well, there has been an ongoing fight here in Washington—one most of the public is totally unaware of, and worse than that, most of my colleagues are totally unaware of—that for the last 20 years there has been a classic case of crony capitalism that plagues our country at play here on a specific issue. 
The big guys—the big crony capitalists—are trying to diminish the rights of the little guy in order to make more money. Surprise, surprise. And in this case, it will basically undermine America’s prosperity and security in the long run while hurting the little guys while the big guys get their way. 
profit motive, but first and foremost we need to ensure that powerful forces don’t change the economic rules in order to enrich themselves unjustly. 
the attempt by megamultinational corporations to undermine and yes, destroy a constitutional right of our citizens, this in order to fill their pockets at the expense of American citizens who don’t have the means to defeat such a power play. 
fundamental constitutional right of Americans to own what they have created. This right, written into our law at the Constitutional Convention itself, which wrote our Constitution, is now under attack. It is a clandestine legal maneuver that would neuter our inventors’ protections and permit powerful multinational corporations to steal what now rightfully belongs to American inventors, and thus, ordinary Americans will be hurt, and of course, the big corporations will benefit. 
inventors; this is a power grab that will undermine the prosperity we all have enjoyed as Americans. The less than forthright attack on our patent system will undermine the economic wellbeing of our working people who depend on the United States for being technologically superior to the working people of other societies. People in all these societies work very hard. It is not hard work—it is hard work coupled with technology—and we have ensured through the patent system that we would be developing the technology that would give Americans the edge. 
technology, freedom, and yes, the profit motive was the formula that would uplift humankind. As I say, they wrote into our Constitution a guarantee of 
the property rights of inventors and authors. It is the only place in the body of our Constitution that the word ‘‘right’’ is actually used. 
the body of the Constitution, but in article I, section 8, clause 8 of our Constitution, it states: 
useful arts by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries. 
well. It has led to a general prosperity where we have technological advances that uplift our own people and give our own people the chance to outcompete those people who work their hearts out overseas but don’t have the same technological support system in their economic endeavors. 
led to prosperity. It has helped our national security. The fact is, we could never dream of trying to defeat the enemies of freedom throughout the world on a mantoman basis. It is only our ability to be able to bring technology and our genius to play that has given us a leverage over countries that have tens of millions of people and, by the way, don’t really value human life. 
We need to make sure we are technologically superior, and it has been our patent system that has given our inventors the chance to invent things that will protect all of us from aggression and prevent antidemocratic forces throughout the world—fanatic forces—from overwhelming us and overwhelming our defenses. 
Of course, this having been the country of new ideas, the country where we encouraged people to be innovative, we have uplifted the life of average people. Average people here are now able to live decent lives as compared to the average people in so many countries of the world. 
say, so do other people. It is the technology that makes the difference. Our technology has multiplied the results of the hard work of our people. That is 
the secret of America’s success. Technology and freedom and our strong patent system is right there at the foundation of that principle. It is what has made the difference in this vital area to our security and our wellbeing. 
Yet today, we have these multinational corporations—the same ones who run overseas to do business with communist China and with America’s enemies and people who treat their populations with total disregard—yes, these multinational corporations want to diminish the patent protection of the American people because they don’t want to pay Americans for their creative new technologies. They don’t want to give them their share when they create something that will uplift our people. 
back many efforts to weaken our patent system. I doubt whether half the 
aware of the aggressive and brutal fights that we have been in over patents and the patent system over these last 20 years. 
saying we need to change the patent system in order to harmonize it with the rest of the world. Our patent system was out of sync with the rest of the world. Well, of course. Our constitutional rights are out of sync with the rest of the world. We are out of sync as we protect people’s right to go to church and not be repressed by some other religion. We are out of sync with most of the world when we protect people’s right to speak and to criticize their government or to assemble or to try to join unions or other activities in the economic area. 
a lot of areas, but they decided to say we need to harmonize our law on patents with the rest of the world, which has weak patent systems. Their laws have been determined by, basically, what is going to help the big guy and what is going to get new ideas out into the hands of the big industrialists. 
Well, we have beat back major efforts. The first ones, as I say, were on harmonizing the law. They had two big issues. One was to harmonize our law with the rest of the world. 
Our system has been that when someone submits their patent, no matter how long it takes for that patent to get issued, it is secret. In fact, it is a felony, I believe, for someone at the Patent and Trademark Office to disclose a patent application. And then, when you get your patent, it is published to the world, but you are granted 17 years of ownership. 
was to do it the European and Japanese way, which is—aha—after 18 months of applying for your patent, it is published. If you don’t have it, or even if it takes another 5, 10 years to get it, it is published. 
I called it the Steal American Technologies Act. We managed to turn that one around. 
The other half of that particular onslaught was that we have now a guaranteed protection, as I said, in the Constitution, as I just read. For a specific period of time, we were granted a 17 year patent protection. That starts at the time when you are issued your patent. 
all about. We are out of sync with them because what happens is, the minute that you file, the clock starts ticking, and 20 years later you have no patent protection at all, but that is from filing. It may take you 10 or 15 years to get your patent. 
the ownership rights of the patent of a person who has applied for a patent, all to the benefit, of course, of these big guys who are saying, We can speed this up maybe with our contacts. And the little guys overseas over and over again get beaten up and their material 
stolen from them by these powerful forces. We don’t want that to happen here. We protect the rights of the little guy here. 
talking about by standing tall and tough on the issue. And yes, there were some compromises over the years where we beat those first two issues that I talked about, we won that case, but over the years there have been several other hardfought patent battles where we compromised and were able to come up with something that was acceptable to both sides. 
Well, now, after a few years of preparing the political battleground in Washington, and now, after Google has provided more campaign contributions than any other corporation in the world on various issues and we have other big corporations providing big campaign contributions—and I am not saying they are buying votes, but what they are buying is attention; and people don’t even know about the issue— but now, Google has been able to explain their case. They don’t hear the other side. 
That is why it is up to us to make 
sure every Member of Congress knows what the issue is when it comes to the patent fight, instead of walking down to the floor unaware of how significant this is. 
that is going to be able to make sure their Congressman is focused on just how significant this issue is. The American people have to notify their Congressmen in order to let them know we should not be weakening our patent system. 
independent inventor when he is trying to protect his rights to a patent. We won’t have independent inventors, and we won’t be on the cutting edge of change, as we have been. 
Now, as I say, they claimed in the beginning that they wanted to harmonize our system, but, of course, we don’t want to harmonize and make our system weaker in order to be the same with other countries. 
years, but now what they have laid the groundwork for and are bringing up is—in the last 3 years we have seen this fight for the second round. Threeand ahalf years ago, the House passed the America Invents Act, which fundamentally diminished our patent system, weakening its protection for ordinary citizens. 
was better than what you had in Europe and in Japan. The negative impacts of that legislation are just now being felt. They are just now moving through the patent system and being implemented by the Patent Office. We are going to find out what happens when you undermine the little guys in order to help the big guys because you don’t—after a few more years, where is the innovation coming from? 
From the big, multinational corporate bureaucracies, from the government bureaucracy? No. When we have undermined the small inventor, the individual inventor, we have taken the profit motive out of this. We have put roadblocks in the way of America moving forward. 
battle just a little more than a year ago. Last year, as I said, the onslaught aimed at neutering the rights of the small inventor was barely turned back, and that bill came forward, and we got it through. Actually, it passed the House with a substantial margin. 
small businesses across America understood because of the great debate that we had here what was at stake, they inundated their Senators with calls and visits, and their message was: Don’t undermine our rights. Don’t undermine the rights of the small inventor. Don’t undermine this constitutional right. It is just as precious as the rights of speech and press and religion. Let’s not undermine that in the name of helping some multinational corporation squash an opposition to a guy who has invented something and wants to get his rightful payment for the work that he has done. 
claim that they must change the measure of legal protection that we offer inventors because they don’t claim that it is because the inventors are bad and need to be deprived of longstanding rights or that the Constitution is just outmoded and we don’t really want to follow it. They don’t argue that. 
multinational corporations, well heeled here in Washington, these powerful interests have to have a bogeyman to try to draw away attention from what they are really trying to do. 
the rights of the small inventor, preventing the small inventor from enforcing his patents on people who are trying to steal it, who are big mega multinational corporations. 
No, they don’t say that. There is always an excuse, something that has to sound very sinister, a sinister force at play, trying to hurt these innocent businessmen—unfairly at that. 
ago, we heard it was submarine patents. That was the real derogatory term, submarine patents. That was why we need to change the amount of time that someone is able to actually have, as a guarantee for their patent rights. 
say: Oh, so what if after 20 years and you haven’t had your patent for 15 years, so you have only got 5 years of protection, so what? 
really trying to get at—forget the hardship on those little guys, which is the vast majority of people who want to get their patent as soon as possible—but the submarine patenters, meaning we have got to really restrict those little guys. 
with another sinister label. That was a fraud. The submarine patent issue was a fraud, and we fixed it very easily, with a very small compromise, without having to have all the rights of the little guy eliminated, simply by saying if the little guy is—it can be shown that he prevented the issuance of his patent, trying to elongate that, well then that clock will start ticking during that time period and that time will be taken away from him. 
If it is not him, if it is the bureaucracy that is holding off the actual issuance of the patent, we shouldn’t be doing things that hurt the little guy who is trying to get his patent out. 
now, the big guys have come up with another sinister label because submarine patent doesn’t apply anymore. We found a way to solve it without hurting the little guy. 
this other label which is aimed at confusing the public about who gets hurt and who benefits from the socalled reforms that are now being shoved through Congress. They are insisting that the need for patent change, basic changes in our patent system, is because of the socalled patent trolls. Over and over again, you will hear this sinister word. 
is. There is a guy who was a top executive at one of the electronic companies who is now on my side, on our side, the side of the little guy on this issue, but he was very high up in a big company. They got together with their people to decide what tactic they should use to get the changes done and passed through Congress. 
the small inventor. They knew they couldn’t attack the innovators in our society. What are they going to do to diminish their patent rights? 
like it is somebody else who is going to get hurt, and that person has to be evil. The patent troll is what they came up with. 
business said he was in a room when that term was formalized by a number of people in the industry. They went around in a circle and said: What is the worst and nastiest sounding term we can come up with in order to vilify that, to draw people’s attention away from this issue? 
pirate; and, no, patent troll sound really much more sinister. That is how cynical these people are. It is arrogant, and it is cynical because the patent troll is a creation. Yeah, there are some people who misuse our system. There are frivolous lawsuits that happen in our country. You know what, it is not just in the patent issue. It is all across the board. There are lawyers that have frivolous lawsuits. 
trolls are people with patents that are not legal patents, and they are trying to threaten lawsuits so they will get paid off. Well, that is happening throughout our system. They are called frivolous lawsuits. 
There is no need to hurt our small inventors and to phase back their rights, as inventors, the rights of their ownership and the rights to enforce their patent, in order to get someone a lawyer who is engaged in a frivolous lawsuit. 
These patent trolls are patent holders. Remember, when you hear the patent troll, just think: someone who owns a patent. Unless it is the inventor himself, they say the patent troll is anyone who owns a patent who is not the inventor. Patent holders or companies who represent patent holders are also people who own patents who get in infringement cases, but these are people who did not invent it themselves, and, thus, they are called trolls. 
They are engaged in basically defending their rights against the infringement of large companies. Yeah, there are a few cases where small guys, we are told—that, again, is a front, to try to protect the big guys from the little guys, but there has been infringement on the patents that they own, these regular people, people who own—and patents are what? It is your property, intellectual property. 
United States Government believes it is your right to own, for a given period of time, as I just read in the Constitution, your invention or your writing, and you own it. 
want to buy it from someone, someone who has invented it but can’t afford to basically enforce it, well, you have a right to do that. That doesn’t make you an evil troll. That means you have bought something that is a piece of property. 
10, 13, 14 years—that will no longer be your property because the patent protection lasts only a given period of time. Well, these owners are just as valid as any other patents that are granted by the Patent Office. We are not talking about phony patents. 
They will try to make it sound like it 
is, Oh, these worthless pieces of paper. No, these are real patents and real pieces of paper that show you have rights to own this particular technology. 
us believe that these patents that they are talking about, that the people are trying to enforce, that these big companies have used, knowing that there is probably someone who owns that who has developed this new technology and 
just forgetting about them and leaving them behind, well, these big corporate infringers would have you believe that all these people are that way. They are not. 
happen by people who legitimately own a legitimate patent, and if not, it should be decided in court. There is nothing wrong with bringing this to court if it is a legitimate patent or if it is an illegitimate patent. 
violating someone’s property rights when they own a piece of property and you have built a road across them without asking whether or not you could use their property? No, that should go to court. 
for someone who owns a piece of property and someone who maybe owns a mine or something over here and just builds a road across and doesn’t ask you about it. No, you have a right for compensation. 
about except, in this case, you have an inventor who has enriched a big company with something new, but the big company doesn’t want to give him any of his royalties for building this new technology. 
By the way, in the past, big corporations would try to do patent searches to make sure they weren’t stepping on the little guy, and they would try to cut deals with these patent owners to try to make sure that they didn’t face a lawsuit. They would be able to chart out exactly what their expenses were. 
even look, don’t check to see if we are stealing this new idea. You know why? They did that because what you have now—and what they have tried to eliminate is that if a big company intentionally knows that it is violating the patent rights of someone who owns that new technology and infringes upon it, that it knowingly does this, there are triple damages that the inventor can get in his lawsuit against that big company. 
well, so we won’t even look, so they can’t prove that we knew we were stepping on these little people. They don’t even look anymore. That is how arrogant they are. Then they worry when a small guy comes up and sues them for infringement? 
eliminate the triple damages? Because the little guys, regular people, don’t have the money to pay for the lawyers necessary for these lawsuits. The little guy’s ability to hire a lawyer on a contingency basis—if you take away the triple damages, you have eliminated the right of almost all of the small inventors to be able to have the protection they need in court, but that was one of their major goals. 
keep going because this is a way to enrich these powerful, multinational corporations in a way that the public isn’t seeing it. It is just a change in the rules; and the little guys, the wealth that should be going to them is extracted and put into the pockets of these big corporate entities. 
they are going to use it. They have the power in the economy, and they have the power in getting their case across to the Members of Congress because they have the ability to hire lobbyists again and to give campaign contributions, but not to buy votes, and I am not suggesting that. 
much time, if you have lobbyists that are working just to get the attention of the Member of Congress on the issue for a short period of time, you have succeeded. These companies can do it, and the little guy can’t. The little guy has no way of getting people’s attention here. 
The fact is that these big corporations—and especially Google—have hired the best representatives in town and spent the most money getting people’s attention. 
we offset that by making sure the American people call their Member of Congress and tell them: Don’t diminish the patent protection for regular Americans, don’t let this happen. 
fights. Again, like I say, by the time it got over to the Senate, some people just started paying attention, but we lost it here in the House. 
about are patents; they are not frivolous lawsuits. These are patents that were issued by the United States Patent Office, but huge infringers would have us believe: Of course, don’t worry, the Congress is just up there trying to protect people who really haven’t come up with anything and just have frivolous lawsuits. 
tangible items that these people have used without paying the royalty to the man or woman who invented that particular item, that particular technology. 
than the good patents, by the way? These same large corporations own thousands of patents—by the way, most of these corporations are the megaelectronics industry companies, so they own lots of patents. 
troll for being willing to try to get some help to fight these big guys? What makes that little guy’s patent or the ‘‘troll’s’’ patent any less real and any less valuable and official as these big companies? 
small inventor doesn’t have the resources to enforce his or her patent in the limited time—they only have owned this now. Remember, once you 
own a patent, you own it for 17 years, and then it is done; everybody owns it. 
for ownership, if they don’t have the resources to basically enforce their rights, an individual or company can buy their rights and can create—or they can create a partnership with a small inventor, and they can see to it that way to see that there isn’t a theft of this little guy’s property, and they call it an infringement. There is nothing wrong with someone coming in and saying: Well, listen. If you can’t enforce this, we think it is a good idea, you have 10 more years of patent protection. We will buy that patent right, just like buying a parcel of land. We are going to speculate that that land is going to go up in value or whatever. There is no difference at all. It is a piece of property. It is a property right. It is intellectual property. 
is an attack on the very nature of intellectual property. 
it. What is wrong with somebody coming in and offering to buy that patent right from him for those 10 years or to go into partnership with him? 
of outside individual inventors and groups, and they have reaffirmed that the legislation now being proposed disadvantages the little guy against deep pocketed multinational corporations. This has been achieved in the guise, as I say, of targeting patent trolls. 
inventor, this guy who works his heart out in his garage, quits his job because he has got an idea, puts all of his money and sells his home in order to build something new, a new technology. No, I am sorry. That guy is a hero. And under the guise of getting patent trolls, whatever that is, they are going to smash this little guy that I just described because they are going to prevent anybody from helping him because that person who is helping him is a patent troll. This person and company who has contracted with the inventor to see that his or her rights are respected, I consider them to be a positive economic and also a moral force within the concept of determining ownership in our society. 
which some of these companies have done—of helping a business out of helping small inventors see to it that their patent rights are enforced. Oh, how horrible. Or how horrible it is for them to be buying patent rights from them. Oh, my goodness, a guy with money says: You can’t afford to enforce your rights; I think it is a great idea; I will pay you for this. The fact that that happens and is able to happen in our society means that that little guy now has something of value. 
these people buying them are all trolls—sounds sinister—oh, when you do that, the value of our patents for all of our inventors goes down. We are undercutting the wealth that is available to our independent inventors because we are devaluing what they have if they can’t enforce it themselves, they can’t sell it to somebody who is not going to commercialize it, thus you have got a situation where the patent value, we are taking wealth out of the pockets of the least able people in our society in the technology arena, the least able to weather that, and we are putting that money and that power into the pockets of the big megamultinational, not just American companies, multinational companies. It is sinful. 
covering the fact that someone has stolen someone else’s patent rights, someone else’s intellectual property, and now they want to change the system so they can get away with this theft. That is what it is all about. The big companies have been stealing. They want to get away with it. They need to change the rules of the game so they can get away with it, and the little guy will just give up because he can’t go through all the steps now. 
the lawsuits against these companies are frivolous. As I say, that is not the case. Well, the vast majority of them are not. The vast majority of patent infringement cases have very legitimate areas of concern, and they need to be decided by the court, not to have Congress step in and make it more difficult for someone to take someone to court who has stolen his intellectual property. Yes, there are frivolous lawsuits throughout our system. Why are these guys just focusing on patents? They are doing that because that is what these megacorporations will benefit from. 
American people to H.R. 9, the Innovation Act, introduced by Chairman GOODLATTE with 19 bipartisan cosponsors. The last Congress, the House Committee on the Judiciary held a hearing on this same bill. The same bill that came in last time, this bill that is being proposed now, H.R. 9, is exactly the same bill, except maybe with one provision that is taken out, which is a provision that I was able to get out of the bill on the floor in the debate and in the amendment process. 
to prevent inventors, if they believed they were treated unfairly by the Patent Office, that provision would deny them the right to take it to court. They would have to settle the issue with an ombudsman from the Patent Office. Get that? The right to use court of a U.S. citizen was going to be denied them, and the proponents of this legislation just let it drip off their back like water off a duck’s back. Give me a break. That is a huge violation of rights of Americans, but it is just as huge a violation for us to try to diminish their ability to enforce the rights of their own property. 
very same bill. The witnesses at that hearing, including former Patent Office Director Kappos, made it clear that we should move slowly and with great care in making any changes to the patent law, especially in light of the fact that no one yet understands the implication of a similar patent law that was passed 2 years ago, the America Invents Act. 
being implemented. I think it is going to have a very negative impact, and we need to know that that is what is going to happen, and we need to work that into our calculus of whether we should pass even more restrictions like are in that first bill. 
slow; make sure you are right before you go ahead. Well, we haven’t even digested the last bite Congress has taken out of the patent law. We haven’t even digested that at all, and now they want us to gobble down a few more apples. We need to make sure that we know what we have already gotten ourselves into by biting into this apple, but, no, we have got to now commit to having even more and more change before we even know whether that apple is going to turn sour in our stomach and cause us to be sick. 
broad, H.R. 9, the same thing they tried to pass through here last year, rammed it through, too broad, its implications too unclear, its effects unknowable. That is what witnesses and other experts have indicated. The conclusion, as I say, is move forward with these fundamental changes in our patent system, and if you do so, you might be undermining that system. 
on this, see what the impact of the past law changes are. That is what now has been indicated, but that is not what has happened. That is not what we have seen happen here on Capitol Hill. The House was railroaded into passing this new proposal on top of the previous legislation before we have a chance to see whether it is going to have a negative or positive effect, and it is not even being fully implemented yet. But yet we were pushed. This thing was rammed down our throats. It seems like some multinational corporations really wanted action now: Do it now. 
congressional ramrodding exemplifies the battle to diminish America’s patent system that has been going on for 25 years. This isn’t something new. What I am describing to you is just one more hit, one more attempt by people to harmonize American law with the rest of the world. 
We need to be more like the rest of 
the world. We have a strong protection of intellectual property rights. Oh, we should be more like the rest of the world—baloney. The fact is America should stand tall. If we want harmony with the rest of the world, they should harmonize with our stronger protection for the individual, for our caring 
to change the way we do business in America, all right. We are not going to have the creative and the cutting edge as these very same megamultinational corporations go to countries like China in order to get cheap labor to accomplish their mission rather than using the technology of Americans, giving them the royalty for it, at least, in order to make sure our country and our countrymen are safe, our countrymen are secure and our wellbeing of our people economically, they have good jobs producing competitive products that they can sell overseas. No. No. These companies, they just want that power for themselves. They want to harmonize with the rest of the world so they can run roughshod over all of us. 
it is an attempt to combat the problem of patent trolls. That is it. You look at their arguments, it is all patent trolls, patent trolls, patent trolls, even though the study mandated by Congress shows that this muchheralded problem is not a major driver of lawsuits. It has not caused, as they claim, a surge of new lawsuits. In fact, the most recent data shows that patent lawsuits dropped dramatically in 2014 compared to previous years. 
designed to make it much more complicated. Now, this is what it is. This legislation, H.R. 9, is designed to make it much more complicated, costly, and challenging to bring a lawsuit for patent infringement, thus hurting the little guy, the infringement that is taking place. That means the victim is the little guy. We are helping the big guy, the guy who is committing the crime. 
impact frivolous lawsuits, if they say, ‘‘Oh, there are too many frivolous lawsuits with patents,’’ they should just make it simpler and cheaper to defend against baseless infringement cases. Somebody that is accused of infringement and it is baseless, let’s make it easier for these companies to defend themselves against that charge in court. 
defend themselves, no, no, no. We are being asked to raise the bar for the inventor to bring lawsuits to defend his or her rights rather than lowering the bar to allow small businesses and others to defend themselves against frivolous lawsuits. When we weaken the little guy—that is what we are doing. They want us to weaken the little guy to protect the big guy from frivolous lawsuits. 
helped? You have a sinister coverup there, the trolls, and who is getting helped by that? These big megacorporations. And who is getting hurt? The little guys who can’t go through all these extra steps; they can’t afford to protect themselves. And we are going to side with the big guys, the big guys again who take their work 
to China without blushing? This legislation, H.R. 9, is consistent with the decadeslong war being waged on America’s and against America’s independent inventors. 
Here are a few provisions of this Innovation Act we have just submitted: 
a patent holder, when a patent holder must, once filing a claim for infringement, provide information about all the parties who are involved with this; and, thus, you basically have the accused infringer is going to know everybody who is involved and, thus, be able to basically attack all of the people, not just the guy who has lost his intellectual property rights, but somebody who backed him up now will become a target of big corporations. This means the elimination of privacy for major business dealings. 
right of privacy. The little guy is totally exposed, as his friends and suppliers will be. The patent holder will be forced to provide a list of potential 
bank accounts to raid, and those bank accounts and all of that information will be made available to the bad guys, the people who are infringing. The big companies who are beating him down will now have all this information to use against him. 
been invoked, the patent holder must maintain a current record of the information on file at the Patent Office or forfeit the rights. 
now has huge new bureaucratic reporting requirements, dramatically increasing his cost and vulnerability. 
or a small inventor, what does that say? You are increasing their costs dramatically. And why are we increasing their requirements for bureaucratic reporting? Because they have actually reported an infringement of their intellectual rights; thus, they have got to pay the price; they have got to have the burden on them. We are going to put the burden on them for saying, Somebody just stole my property. We are increasing the burden on them. 
new bureaucratic fee—not just a bureaucratic requirement but a fee—and is forced to pay record keeping fees to maintain the current record at the Patent Office. 
More fees, more bureaucratic requirements. These are minor inconveniences to multinational corporations, these corporations with hundreds, if not thousands of employees. It is not going to cost them anything. In fact, when they go to court, they have a whole stable of attorneys, so it won’t cost them much money there either. 
So for these multinational corporations, this isn’t even an inconvenience. 
But for the little guy, all of these new 
requirements are killers because they don’t have $100,000 that they can just drop into keeping better books over here or getting a hold of all of these people or exposing anybody who has invested in their patent. 
large multinational corporations to create nested shell companies which have few assets but can infringe on patents while the inventor is unable to sue their customers, who are free to continue infringing. So they say: Well, we will just do all of our business with this technology, through that company, so if we get sued, they can’t get at us—no way. While the first court case moves through the system, we are going to shield these big guys who are stealing. 
process in place for a decade or more while the inventor is trying to find ways to stop that infringement. 
Patent Office director to create a patent troll database—how about that— and to create a strategy to teach small business how to defend themselves against patent trolls. 
the Patent Office to create an enemies list and a strategy guide for people who are infringing on other people’s patent rights. That is what we are talking about. 
group of people who are involved in a perfectly legal and moral economic activity, helping out small business guys, buying small patent owners’ rights to their patents. If they can’t enforce it themselves, they are going into partnership with them. 
No, no. Now we are going to have a 
list of these people who are going to be on an enemy’s list mandated by the Patent Office, according to this legislation. 
list strategy. Instead of just, okay, if there is a frivolous lawsuit, let’s just make it easier for someone to defend themselves in court. 
you got that? This legislation, H.R. 9, will increase the amount of theft in our society because now we have made it easier. 
Reduced legal remedies. We have basically reduced the legal remedies for the victim, for those who have been infringed. 
small business. Why are people going to invest in a new patent if they think it can be infringed upon, and this guy isn’t going to get his money back? So we have dramatically hurt the amount of money that is going to be invested in the new technology, in the brilliant ideas that come from our students from university. You know, they come out and they have great ideas. We want them to go into small business and follow their dream. Oh, no, no. This would 
make it almost impossible for people like that. Our young people and small businessmen, people with a dream. 
our research universities, to our inventors and entrepreneurs. All of these people are going to be hurt. 
and universities, they know that if this bill passes—the one that was going through the Senate passed—there would be a dramatic reduction in the value of all the patents that they own, and that is a major, major asset to our universities. 
detrimental to the patent owners, especially damaging to individual small inventors. Every provision bolsters the patent thieves, the infringers, at the expense of the legal owners. 
Let’s talk about patent trolls, how evil they are. ‘‘Troll’’ is a bad word. You don’t want to be on the side of the trolls. 
No, no. Everything they are proposing in the name of stopping the trolls, using that as cover, hurts the little guy and helps these big guys who are financing this campaign to undermine our patent system. 
they are powerful corporations versus little guys. The only hope for the little guy has always been that America stands for the Godgiven rights and that those rights are protected by our government, recognized and protected by it, as it was in the Constitution. 
rights are protected in this country, and we should not be about to let big corporate interests step on the little guy. 
If a guy owns a piece of property and 
a big corporation wants to build a road across it, to build a whatever it is on the other side—an oil derrick or whatever it is—they have to pay that man’s 
price because he owns that property. And in this case, we are talking only about an ownership for 17 years, granted to somebody who has actually come up with something that is of great value to our people. 
No. We need to make sure that we remain the country where we protect everybody’s rights and that the big guys can’t get away with stepping on the little guys. 
as all of our other rights: speech, religion, assembly. And this has been what we are seeing now in H.R. 9—the last couple of years have been a blatant power grab by the big guys to diminish the rights of the little guy. 
was previously submitted, opposition emerged to it, as people figured out what I am telling you. What I am saying tonight—finally some people, when they heard the debate over here, they mobilized. And when they found out what was about to be foisted upon them, we were speaking with loud voices. Here is a list of some of those people 
who opposed or expressed major concerns over that act, a bill that was identical to H.R. 9, which is now perched and ready to be shoved through Congress: 
The Association of American Universities; American Council on Education; Association of American Medical Colleges; Association of Public and Land grant Universities; Association of University Technology Managers; Council on Governmental Relations; Eagle Forum; Club for Growth; American Bar Association; Patent Office Professional Association; Judicial Conference Committee on Rules of Practice and Procedure; American Intellectual Property Law Association; Intellectual Property Owners Association; National Association of Patent Practitioners; National Venture Capital Association; the Biotechnology Industry Organization; Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, PhRMA; Innovation Alliance; Coalition for 21st Century Patent Reform; Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers. 
were opposed or were very concerned about that act because: 
It creates more paperwork for everybody, increasing the cost for anybody who wants to defend their rights. 
claims of infringement to maintain new bureaucratic reporting requirements and to pay new recordkeeping costs. It just complicates their lives and their expenses. 
It eliminates the independent judicial review of patent applicants by striking section 145 of title 35. This is very important in order to keep the Patent Office honest. There should be an independent judicial review. That is what they tried to foist off on us last time. 
And it dramatically increases the financial risks for anybody filing an infringement lawsuit. 
We need to make sure that our country stays true to the American people, to what will give us security for our people. We need to be on the cutting edge of technology. We need to be ahead of our potential enemies. We can’t defend our country man for man. We have got to have the best equipment and the high technology that comes from the creative thinking of our people. We need to make sure that our working people are producing more wealth with every hour of work they do; thus, we can afford to provide the services and the standard of living for ordinary people. 
Every time there is a new idea, if we 
actually permit that to be stolen by multinational corporations, that is not going to improve the wellbeing of our people. 
past. This is not the first time. This is just in the last 25 years of onslaught. And what we have now in H.R. 9 is just the latest salvo in the effort to destroy the patent system that we have got. 
We have had to reaffirm the rights of the little guy over and again. 
our Capitol, of Philo Farnsworth. Do you know who Philo Farnsworth was? Philo Farnsworth was the inventor of the picture tube for the television. 
in Utah, a man with not many resources at all. But he figured out something that RCA, one of the biggest corporations in the country at the time, was trying to find out: How do you create a picture tube? 
the secret. And what do you know, they sent their top engineer over. Philo actually showed them what he had done. And they said, We are going to get back to you, and we are going to work with you as your partner. You know what they did? He could never get a hold of them again. 
most powerful men in the United States, set out to steal the right to the patent for the picture tube from this lone American, this guy who had a small farm in Utah. And he led—Philo Farnsworth didn’t give up. He led a struggle for 20 years to get his rights to own that technology, that intellectual property. 
just squish him like a bug, he stood up there, and he couldn’t have stood alone. People invested in his lawsuit. People invested with him so that justice would come and that inventors in the United States would know that when they invent something, they have a right, and the American people will stick by them. 
the decision, and they decided with the little guy. They decided with Philo. What a great affirmation of our country. And there is a statute today of Farnsworth in the Capitol, the man who advanced communications in our country. You will never find a statue to David Sarnoff or any of these big moguls who tried to squish him, these multinational corporations. 
Let’s remember the heart of America, patriotism. Let’s be loyal to our regular people. They will be loyal to us. That is what the American Revolution was all about. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing H.R. 9. And I invite people to talk about it and to talk to their Congressmen and their Senators and to make sure that they don’t come in here for a vote not knowing how important this vote is on H.R. 9. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today and the balance 
of the week on account of death in the family. Mr. RUIZ (at the request of Ms. 
the week on account of death in the family. 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 203. An act to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 13 minutes p.m.), under its previous order and pursuant to House Resolution 99, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, February 11, 2015, at 10 a.m., for morninghour debate, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable ALANNUNNELEE . 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the OMB Sequestration Preview Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2016, pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (BBEDCA), as amended; 
of the United States, transmitting the sequestration order for Fiscal Year 2016, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 901a; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting authorization for Brigadier General Jacqueline D. Van Ovost, United States Air Force, to wear the insignia of the grade of major general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
381. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Transportation, transmitting the annual report to Congress of the Maritime Administration (MARAD) for Fiscal Year 2013, pursuant to Public Law 91469, section 208; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
of the United States, transmitting the National Security Strategy of the United States, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 3043; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
385. A letter from the Chief Executive Officer, Corporation for National and Community Service, transmitting the Corporation’s Fiscal Year 2016 Congressional Budget Justification; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Office of General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s semiannual report of the Inspector General and the Management Response for the period April 1, 2014, through September 30, 2014, pursuant to Public Law 95452, section 5; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
389. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Coastal Fisheries Cooperative Management Act Provisions; American Lobster Fishery [Docket No.: 130705590501003] (RIN: 0648BD45) received February 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
for Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Privacy Office’s report entitled ‘‘2014 Data Mining Report to Congress’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2000ee3; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
for Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Privacy Office’s semiannual report to Congress covering the period March 1, 2014, through September 30, 2014, pursuant to the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007, section 803; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Agency’s fiscal year 2016 proposed budget and performance plan; jointly to the Committees on Agriculture and Oversight and Government Reform. 
Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the fiscal year 2016 Congressional Budget Justification for the Office of Inspector General; jointly to the Committees on Appropriations, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Ways and Means. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
House Resolution 100. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, and providing for proceedings during the period from February 16, 2015, through February 23, 2015 (Rept. 114– 22). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Resolution 101. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 636) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–23). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 820. A bill to amend title VII of the 
Tariff Act of 1930 to clarify that countervailing duties may be imposed to address subsidies relating to a fundamentally undervalued currency of any foreign country; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M ATSUI , and Ms. 
H.R. 821. A bill to promote unlicensed spectrum use in the 5 GHz band, to maximize the use of the band for shared purposes in order to bolster innovation and economic development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 822. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require reporting of certain data by providers and suppliers of air 
ambulance services for purposes of reforming reimbursements for such services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
education into elementary and secondary instruction and curricula, to encourage high quality STEM professional development, and to expand current mathematics and science education research to include engineering education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
FINCHER , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Texas, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. P OMPEO , 
of Georgia, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. B OUSTANY , 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. P ALMER , 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
H.R. 824. A bill to amend chapter 1 of title 
1, United States Code, with regard to the definition of ‘‘marriage’’ and ’’spouse’’ for Federal purposes and to ensure respect for State regulation of marriage; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 825. A bill to promote trade and commercial enhancement between the United States and Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 826. A bill to provide for a study by 
the Institute of Medicine on gaps in mental health services and how these gaps can increase the risk of violent acts; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 827. A bill to direct the Federal Trade 
Commission to revise the regulations regarding the Donotcall registry to prohibit politicallyoriented recorded message telephone calls to telephone numbers listed on that registry; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 828. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to clarify the use of credentials by enrolled agents; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
safety and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 830. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to reauthorize the predisaster 
hazard mitigation program; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
outofschooltime science, technology, engineering, and mathematics programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 832. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Labor to enter into a contract for the conduct of a longitudinal study of the job counseling, training, and placement services for veterans provided by the Secretary, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to authorize the Secretary of Education to make grants for recruiting, training, and retaining individuals, with a preference for individuals from underrepresented groups, as teachers at public elementary and secondary schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 834. A bill to require States and local 
educational agencies to report on the achievement of militaryconnected students in annual report cards under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 835. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to provide a standard definition of therapeutic foster care services in Medicaid; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
HARRIS , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. B ENISHEK , 
Mr. J OYCE , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H ANNA , 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K ELLY of 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. O LSON , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M URPHYof Pennsylvania, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. J OLLY , and 
H.R. 836. A bill to improve access to emergency medical services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. B UCHANAN , and Ms. 
H.R. 837. A bill to implement a demonstration project under titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to examine the costs and benefits of providing payments for comprehensive coordinated health care services provided by purposebuilt, continuing care retirement communities to Medicare beneficiaries; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 838. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to revise requirements related to assets pledged by a surety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on 
Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. F UDGE , 
Congressional Gold Medal to Lena Horne in recognition of her achievements and contributions to American culture and the civil rights movement; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 840. A bill to increase the participation of women, girls, and underrepresented minorities in STEM fields, to encourage and support students from all economic backgrounds to pursue STEM career opportunities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 841. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify that wages paid to unauthorized aliens may not be deducted from gross income, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. J ENKINS of 
DELAURO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. K IND, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C ROWLEY , 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. L ANCE , Mrs. E LLMERS , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M ATSUI, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Ms. 
STEWART , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. L EE, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. I SRAEL , 
Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
KING of New York, Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C LARK of 
ESTY, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. H INOJOSA, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L YNCH , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. Y OUNG of 
BONAMICI , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. A USTIN  
Texas, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. D AVID 
H.R. 842. A bill to require the Commissioner of Social Security to revise the medical and evaluation criteria for determining disability in a person diagnosed with Huntington’s Disease and to waive the 24month waiting period for Medicare eligibility for individuals disabled by Huntington’s Disease; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
gray wolves in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan as endangered species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 844. A bill to require a plan approved 
by the Surface Transportation Board for the longterm storage of rail cars on certain railroad tracks; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 845. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Agriculture to publish in the Federal Register a strategy to significantly increase the role of volunteers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to invest in innovation for education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to improve teacher and principal effectiveness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Ms. C ASTOR  
H.R. 849. A bill to grant a Federal charter 
to the National Academy of Inventors; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ): 
social and emotional learning programming; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to adjust funding levels for certain outlying 
H.R. 852. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for additional technical and procedural standards for artificial or prerecorded voice telephone messages and the establishment of such standards for live telephone solicitations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 853. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to apportionments under the Airport Improvement Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 854. A bill to amend the Compact of 
Free Association of 1985 to provide for adequate Compactimpact aid to affected States and territories, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 855. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 856. A bill to establish the Gold Butte 
National Conservation Area in Clark County, Nevada, in order to conserve, protect, and enhance the cultural, archaeological, natural, wilderness, scientific, geological, historical, biological, wildlife, educational, and scenic resources of the area, to designate wilderness areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 857. A bill to provide for the withdrawal of certain Federal land in Garden Valley, Nevada; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
POLIS, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
H.R. 858. A bill to establish a comprehensive literacy program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. N ADLER): 
H.J. Res. 30. A joint resolution to require a 
strategy and report to counter the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 16. Concurrent resolution recognizing the difficult challenges Black veterans faced when returning home after serving in the Armed Forces, their heroic military sacrifices, and their patriotism in fighting for equal rights and for the dignity of a people and a Nation; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HENSARLING: 
for the expenses of the Committee on Financial Services in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H. Res. 99. A resolution expressing the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of the Honorable Alan Nunnelee, a Representative from the State of Mississippi; considered and agreed to. 
for designation of September 25, 2015, as ‘‘National Pediatric Bone Cancer Awareness Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Homeland Security in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
(H.R. 859), for the relief of certain aliens who were aboard the Golden Venture; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 820. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect duties and to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8. 
H.R. 821. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 822. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 823. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 824. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, which states that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect 
taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties impost and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;’’ and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution, which states that Congress shall have power ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the Untied States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 825. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 826. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 827. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution which states ‘‘Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 828. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 829. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution 
H.R. 830. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 831. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 832. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 833. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 834. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 835. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 837. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 838. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this bill rests is enumerated in Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 839. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 840. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) 
H.R. 841. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause I and under Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 842. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 843. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, commonly referred to the ‘‘Commerce Clause,’’ of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 844. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, commonly referred to the ‘‘Commerce Clause,’’ of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 845. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ 
H.R. 846. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution 
H.R. 847. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
H.R. 848. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) 
H.R. 849. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 850. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 851. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution (clause 1), which grants Congress the power to collect taxes and expend funds to provide for the general welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 852. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes 
H.R. 853. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce among the several states). 
H.R. 854. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 855. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 856. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 857. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 858. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 859. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 4 of the Constitution provides that Congress shall have power ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;’’ 
H.J. Res. 30. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, 
H.R. 67: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 69: Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
H.R. 131: Mr. D UFFY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
H.R. 136: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
ESHOO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S HERMAN , 
Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
H.R. 169: Mr. B LUM, Mr. K IND, Mr. K ILMER , 
H.R. 249: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. J ORDAN , 
H.R. 292: Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. N ORTON , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. S IRES, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Ms. S PEIER , 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
MASSIE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. 
H.R. 304: Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 344: Mr. L EWIS and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 349: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 358: Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. H ANNA , Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 363: Ms. F UDGE and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 400: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M CCAUL, 
H.R. 401: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 411: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
H.R. 417: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. 
H.R. 426: Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. L ONG, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
H.R. 451: Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. K INGof Iowa, 
of Kansas, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. S CHOCK . 
H.R. 465: Mr. O LSON , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. 
H.R. 495: Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 509: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. R OYBAL  
ALLARD , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. 
H.R. 511: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 523: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , and 
H.R. 529: Mr. B LUM, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
H.R. 531: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 540: Mrs. E LLMERS and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 546: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , 
Ms. S PEIER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C OHEN , and 
Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 556: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 578: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 592: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 594: Mr. R OSS, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, 
Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. 
H.R. 602: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama and Mrs. 
H.R. 604: Mr. O LSON , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 622: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 642: Ms. T ITUS and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 662: Mr. R OKITA , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
H.R. 663: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. P ETERSON , and 
H.R. 670: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 699: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. T ED 
H.R. 703: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. H ENSARLING , and 
H.R. 704: Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. 
H.R. 717: Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. M ATSUI , and 
H.R. 718: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 724: Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 731: Mr. S ESSIONS and Ms. B ROWNLEY  
H.R. 751: Mr. R IGELL , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
H.R. 762: Ms. K USTER and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 767: Mr. C RENSHAW and Ms. K ELLY of 
H.R. 774: Mr. R OYCE , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. P IERLUISI , and Mr. 
H.R. 775: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 794: Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 814: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. 
H. Res. 12: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. 
H. Res. 15: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. D ELAURO . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. R ICHMOND and Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Res. 49: Mr. C HABOT and Mr. S ANFORD . 
H. Res. 50: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. W EBER of 
H. Res. 54: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. J ENKINS of West 
H. Res. 74: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. P OCAN . 
H. Res. 92: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. R OYBAL  
ALLARD , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. H ONDA , 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S873 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 2015 No. 22 