country is in the midst of a prescription drug epidemic. Fifty Americans die each day from prescription drug overdoses. The epidemic is also affecting our Nation’s veterans, who, in some VA facilities, are being overprescribed medications. 
home State of Indiana and others have created statewide databases that collect data on medications prescribed to patients. It requires doctors and nurses to check patient records in the database before prescribing painkillers. 
Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, VA facilities are not required by law to participate and have been known to overprescribe powerful medications. 
Today, I introduced legislation requiring all Veteran Administration Medical Centers to participate in their corresponding statewide drug monitoring program. Requiring VA facilities to comply will help ensure that veterans are not being overprescribed powerful pain medication. 
Affairs Committee, I take the well being of each Hoosier veteran very seriously, and they deserve highquality health care. 
I also want to thank Indiana Attorney General Greg Zoeller for his commitment to fighting this epidemic in our State. 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to express the urgency to get California water legislation passed sooner rather than later. After 4 consecutive 
dry years, drought conditions have become even more devastating. If you look at the NASA photos that have depicted, from outer space, the drought conditions, you see over 1 million acres that have laid fallow this year. 
Many of us are fearful that if we receive the El Nino rains and snows that are predicted in the next 4 months, California will still not have the ability to move that water through the delta, where it is desperately needed, to other parts of the State; and many of our farm communities will continue to end up with another year of a zero— zero—water allocation, which would make the third year in a row. This would be devastating. It is both unacceptable, and it is avoidable. 
retreat to our political corners and point fingers to lay blame, but that will not deliver an additional drop of water that is desperately needed, nor will it address the real harm done to the very people whose lives have been impacted and whose jobs have been lost. 
and I will continue to work with multiple parties involved in the negotiations to try to bridge the gap and to get California water legislation passed. It is time to fix our broken water system, and it is long overdue. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, bipartisan majorities in the House and Senate, a majority of the States, and two Federal courts have rejected the administration’s waters of the United States proposal by the EPA to reinterpret the Clean Water Act in order to seize authority over virtually every waterway, dry streambed, ditch, and puddle in the Nation. One Federal court found the proposal so excessive and so outside the President’s authority that it issued a nationwide stay. 
This week, the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office confirmed what we already knew: the administration not only violated Federal law when preparing this proposal, but also engaged in an illegal propaganda campaign to misinform the public, soliciting skewed comments in favor of 
their proposal using social media, even so far as using general comments on Twitter in order to skew their view. 
be enough? When the administration spends Americans’ own tax dollars to solicit and persuade them to give up their rights, should that not be a wake up call, that it has crossed a very bright ethical line? 
admit that the waters of the United States rule is an illegal power grab, an overreach, and withdraw it immediately. PUERTO RICO 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
can’t vote for the omnibus bill because it doesn’t give the people of Puerto Rico some hope for a better future. 
path forward amid budget cuts, cuts in services, growing unemployment, and the greedy banks and bondholders who demand more and more, even as the people of Puerto Rico have less and less. 
States. Its sovereignty rests here in the Congress of the United States, and we will not do anything to help them. 
I will vote against this omnibus budget because if there are no schools in Puerto Rico, if there is no law enforcement to protect the people on the streets, if there are no doctors or nurses healing the sick, there won’t be a vote on this budget until there is justice for the people. 
in favor of this budget, you are denying a future for Puerto Rico and you are betraying the people of Puerto Rico. 
Asi que man ˜ana le digo al pueblo de Puerto 
porque si no hay escuelas en Puerto Rico, si no hay policı ´as para defender a la gente en la 
calle, si no hay doctoras o enfermeras para curar a los enfermos, tampoco habra ´un voto 
para este presupuesto hasta que haya justicia para el pueblo. 
Y le digo a todo Congresista que vota a 
favor de este presupuesto, que le niega un futuro a Puerto Rico y le traiciona al pueblo de Puerto Rico. 
of Texas). The gentleman from Illinois will provide a translation for the RECORD . 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor Chief Warrant Officer Kevin Mose Weiss of McHenry County, a U.S. Army helicopter pilot who lost his life in service to our Nation. Returning to service just after Thanksgiving, Weiss and his copilot were flying a routine training exercise out of Fort Campbell in Kentucky on December 2 when the helicopter they were piloting went down, killing both men in the crash. 
Mr. Speaker, Weiss dreamed of joining his World War II veteran grandfather in flying as a pilot for his country and was known by his grandfather’s nickname, ‘‘Mose.’’ Weiss was an avid outdoorsman and served our Nation overseas, flying a tour of duty in Afghanistan and earning numerous commendations and decorations. 
schools, home schooling, and then Christian Liberty Academy, Weiss met his wife, Beth, through the youth program, Awana. 
children, Lucas and Susan, and extended family and friends. They remember him as brave from a young age, a shoulder to lean on in difficult times, and a caring, loving brother, husband, and father. 
will be muted this year, but we are forever grateful for Mose’s service and sacrifice. 
(Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
11, 2015, the Islamic Society of Coachella Valley mosque was firebombed, with four people praying inside, 9 days after the San Bernardino terrorist mass shooting. The perpetrator is being charged for a hate crime. 
Mr. Speaker, I strongly condemn violence toward innocent people, whether they are victims of terrorism or victims of hate crimes, whether they are randomly chosen or targeted for being Muslim. I strongly condemn the hate speech from politicos who capitalize on the fear of the fearful and the hate of the hateful for political gain. 
the rule of law, and freedom of religion. Destroying terrorists and protecting lawabiding Muslim Americans are not mutually exclusive, and we must do both because we believe in justice, sentencing the guilty, and protecting the innocent. 
priests, pastors, rabbis, imams, and law enforcement to denounce the violence, pursue justice, and strengthen our humanity. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise during this Christmas season to speak about a publicprivate partnership that creates real impact in the communities I represent: Meals on Wheels. 
volunteers is preparing and delivering about 1 million meals to America’s most vulnerable, hungry, and isolated seniors. 
of South Carolina for many reasons, but I am especially proud of programs like Pickens County Meals on Wheels in Liberty, South Carolina. This is just one of thousands of Meals on Wheels programs across the country that provides more than just meals. Meals on Wheels provides nutritious meals, safety checks, and friendly visits on a daily basis, which allow seniors to age in their own homes with the independence and dignity that they deserve. 
The precious and powerful combination of nutrition and socialization has proven to improve health, reduce falls, avert unnecessary visits to the ER, and reduce hospital admissions and readmissions. This, in turn, saves billions of dollars in Medicaid and Medicare expenses. In fact, a Meals on Wheels program can provide a senior with meals for an entire year for less than the cost of 1 day in the hospital or a week in the nursing home. 
about these vital programs, the seniors they serve, and the grave and growing and expensive problem of senior hunger, a problem that will undoubtedly worsen if left unaddressed. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to acknowledge the fact that the American opportunity tax credit is going to become a permanent law as part of the tax extenders package. I introduced, as the prime sponsor, this legislation many years ago as part of the economic recovery efforts. 
to millions of families, a $2,500 tax credit in which 40 percent is refundable. Over the next 10 years, the Congressional Research Service suggests that well over $60 billion will be provided to families to help meet higher education costs. 
So I want to just take a minute to 
pause and reflect on the fact that the work that we do here can, in fact, impact many, many lives. I want to thank my colleagues for their initial support of this program and for, today, our efforts that will be successful to make it permanent, along with the earned income tax credit and a number of other very important tax credits for American families. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize the girls varsity softball team at Valor Christian High School in Highlands Ranch, Colorado, on winning the 2015 Colorado 4A State championship game on October 25, 2015. 
of the winning Eagles team deserve to be honored for finishing what had already been a fantastic season by winning the State championship for the second time in 2 years. 
the girls of Valor Christian High School’s softball team proved that hard work, dedication, and perseverance are the recipe for champions. The team was led to the championship title through the tireless leadership of their head coach, Dave Atencio, and his staff. 
It is with great pride that I join with 
the families of Highlands Ranch, Colorado, in congratulating the Valor Christian Eagles on their second straight championship. 
OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2029, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM DECEMBER 19, 2015, THROUGH JANUARY 4, 2016; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 566 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
motion shall be divided between the two House amendments specified in section 3 of this resolution. The two portions of the divided question shall be considered in the order specified by the Chair. Either portion of the divided question may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
first and second sections of this resolution are as follows: 
Rules Committee Print 11439 modified by the amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. 
session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress after December 18, 2015— 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress before January 5, 2016— 
previous day shall be considered as approved if applicable; and 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
through the legislative day of December 18, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
rule XIII for a twothirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution reported through the legislative day of December 18, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for the consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 2029. The resolution makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations that the House concur in the Senate amendment with two House amendments. 
text of the omnibus appropriations bill, is provided 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the Chair and ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations. Amendment No. 2, consisting of the text of the tax extenders bill, is provided 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the Chair and ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
on each amendment. In addition, the rule provides that, if one or both amendments are adopted, then the bill is sent to the Senate. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the rule provides the standard recess authorities typically given at the end of the first session of Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be presenting to the House today the rule which will provide for the consideration of two critical pieces of legislation which are the product of long and hard negotiations between the House, the Senate, and the administration. 
for the consideration of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015, the PATH Act. This legislation makes over 20 different tax provisions permanent, like the Research and Development Tax Credit, section 179 expensing, and the State and local sales tax deduction. 
Many of these provisions have existed as part of the Tax Code for many years. However, they were often extended retroactively or on a yearly basis, making it difficult for businesses and individuals to plan effectively. Making these provisions permanent will allow businesses and individuals to make more sensible decisions throughout the year, not just during the final 12 or 14 days at the end of the year after Congress passes a retroactive extension. 
other tax provisions, like the New Markets Tax Credit, the bonus depreciation, and the Work Opportunity Tax Credit through 2019. Additionally, there are other provisions that are retroactively extended for 2015 and through 2016. 
Act includes a number of program integrity measures designed to strengthen the integrity of the tax credit programs that have high rates of improper payments, fraud, and abuse. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, this bill includes a series of reforms designed to rein in the power of the Internal Revenue Service and better protect the American people, like firing IRS employees who take politically motivated actions against taxpayers and prohibiting IRS employees from using personal email accounts for official business. 
In addition to these critical tax extenders, the rule also provides for the consideration of the omnibus spending bill for fiscal year 2016 at the funding levels agreed to in the Bipartisan Budget Act passed earlier this year. 
There is much to be proud of in this 
2,000page bill and accompanying explanatory statement. But, as I have told many of my colleagues, if you can’t find something you don’t agree with in the bill, you must not be looking hard enough. 
omnibus spending measure is a compromise and a reflection of divided government, but it also demonstrates a commitment by both sides to restoring regular order to this House. 
things I wish were included, this bill still maintains key Republican and conservative priorities. For example, the bill keeps the EPA staffing levels at the lowest level since 1989. In addition, it terminates dozens of duplicative, ineffective, or unauthorized programs. 
Beyond the numerous cuts and restrictions on the executive branch, this bill also delays additional, onerous ObamaCare mandates. For example, it delays the Cadillac tax on healthcare insurance for an additional 2 years and imposes a moratorium on the health insurer excise tax in 2017. 
changes, the omnibus also reveals some of the programs that Republicans value and that, frankly, Democrats value as well. Included in this legislation is a $2 billion increase for the National Institutes of Health. Likewise, it increases funding by 9.8 percent at the VA while strengthening the restrictions and oversight to ensure that taxpayer dollars will be used more effectively. 
In addition, Mr. Speaker, this legislation includes a repeal of the crude oil export ban. Repealing this ban, which has been in place for the past 40 years, has the potential to create more than a million new jobs across the United States, add $170 billion annually to our gross domestic product, and lead to still lower gasoline prices. This provision is a victory for the American people. 
speak about other portions of this legislation. However, in closing, I would like to recognize the hard work of Chairman ROGERS , Ranking Member 
This is the second year in a row that 
we will have been able to complete a vast majority of the appropriations process before the end of the calendar 
process anew when we return in January. It is a culmination of the hard work of the Members and of the staff over the past 10 months, and it should be worthy of all of the Members’ support. 
I urge the support of the rule and of 
my friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. 
the end of the year, and once more we have come to the brink of a government shutdown. It is sad to say, but this has become routine. 
where we pass appropriations bills one at a time and not end up with a 2,000 pluspage bill at the last minute that nobody has thoroughly read. 
In all candor, the excuse that it is all 
the Senate’s fault is a bit disingenuous. Of the 12 appropriations bills the government must pass each year, we only considered 6 in the House. We stopped considering appropriations bills because some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle were more interested in protecting the Confederate flag than in getting the people’s business done. 
passed, would prevent us from heading toward a government shutdown and damaging our economy. Americans cannot afford another manufactured crisis, something that my friends on the other side of the aisle have become good at. The socalled deal that we will debate today and tomorrow reflects the imperfect process that produced it. 
worked to get a product to us that, hopefully, can avoid a catastrophe. I am especially grateful to the staff who worked around the clock these last weeks to get us to this point. Truthfully, we should be apologizing to the staff for putting them through this ordeal. This is not the way to run Congress. 
There are two parts to the underlying legislation: Amendment 1 to H.R. 2029, the omnibus Appropriations Act, and Amendment 2, known as the tax extenders bill. 
by any measure, a mixed bag, but, importantly, it does begin to undo so called sequestration, which has done great damage to our economy and great harm to our people. 
an alltime high in recklessness and stupidity. We need to reverse it. This bill begins to do that. In the omnibus there will be necessary increases in funding for NIH, NSF, Head Start, Pell grants, job training, State and local law enforcement, programs to prevent violence against women, energy efficiency programs, FEMA, our national parks, VA medical service accounts, the McGovernDole international school feeding program, a reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and a host of other programs. I am grateful for these increases. 
to the Zadroga Act, which supports health care for the brave 9/11 first responders who risked their lives at Ground Zero to save others and became ill as a result. These are true American heroes, and I am pleased that Congress has finally done the right thing by ensuring that they will be able to get the care that they deserve. 
One of the things, however, that concerns me about the omnibus appropriations bill is that it contains a controversial cybersecurity measure that many of us feel falls short of safeguarding Americans’ private information. Quite frankly, a provision like this does not belong in an omnibus appropriations bill. 
offered an amendment to strike this cybersecurity provision. Every single Republican—every single one—voted against my provision. 
a ‘‘Dear Colleague’’ that was sent to all of us from Representatives LOFGREN , 
AMASH , C ONYERS , F ARENTHOLD , and 
POLIS in opposition to the cybersecurity measure being part of this omnibus appropriations bill. 
OMNIBUS INCLUDES PRIVACY VIOLATING PROVISIONS : JOINREPS. LOFGREN , AMASH , CONYERS , FARENTHOLD , ANDPOLIS IN OPPOSI TION 
DEAR COLLEAGUE : We are writing to express our concerns with the inclusion of the Cybersecurity Act in the omnibus. What was intended to be a cybersecurity bill to facilitate the sharing of information between the private sector and government was instead drafted in such a way that it has effectively become a surveillance bill, and allows information shared by companies to be used by the government to prosecute unrelated crimes. 
The bill intended to allow the private sector to share ‘‘cyber threat indicators’’ with government agencies. However, depending on the type of ‘‘indicator,’’ it is highly likely that private information otherwise protected by the Fourth Amendment will also be disclosed to government surveillance agencies. 
short of providing safeguards to protect Americans’ private information. 
In particular: 1. This bill allows the use of shared information for more than just ‘‘cybersecurity purposes.’’ It allows the government to investigate and prosecute specific threats to serious bodily injury or serious economic injury, computer fraud, and trade secrets violations, among other criminal violations. 
threats to serious bodily injury or economic harm are extremely broad categories of 
crimes. So are identity theft, computer fraud, and trade secrets violations. By allowing the use of this information for noncybersecurity purposes, the bill encourages intelligence agencies to collect and retain as much information as they can for as long as possible, in the unlikely event that one day it might be useful. An alternative bill, H.R. 1731, which received the largest House support, prohibited these uses and limited the use of cyber indicators to only cyber security purposes for this reason. 
2. The bill fails to include an express prohibition on using this information for ‘‘surveillance’’ purposes. 
WHY THIS IS OF CONCERN: Express prohibition of ‘‘surveillance’’ is vital because past experience demonstrates that intelligence agencies will broadly interpret the included noncyber, criminal allowances to perform surveillance. For example, few thought the National Security Agency (NSA) would interpret ‘‘relevant’’ to allow collection of every phone record in America. Surveillance is merely an investigation method, so this bill contains no protections against the NSA (or any other agency) from conducting broad surveillance using this information in the name of stopping any enumerated offenses. 
only required to remove personal information they ‘‘know at the time of sharing’’ to be included in the information they share with DHS. 
WHY THIS IS OF CONCERN: The information sharing legislation that passed the House with the strongest support, H.R. 1731, required both government and private sector to take ‘‘reasonable efforts’’ to scrub all personal information ‘‘reasonably believed’’ to be unrelated to a cybersecurity threat prior to sharing the information. Changing this to a ‘‘knowing’’ standard, as the Cybersecurity Act does, sets the bar too high. Developing automated systems to ‘‘know’’ that something is personal information is likely impossible. As such, the ‘‘knowing’’ standard encourages willful blindness. Why would the government or private sector expend time and effort to develop effective processes to determine when it ‘‘knows’’ something is personal information rather than just develop a cursory review process likely to permit the flow of private personal information. 
to ‘‘the time of sharing’’ there is no requirement that the government remove personal information it later discovers. 
develop privacy protection procedures around the collection, storage, and retention of shared information to DHS and also to the Attorney General and Director of National Intelligence. The AG and DNI also determined these same standards for the bulkcollection of telephone metadata. These standards allowed for the largest abuse of American privacy in recent history and necessitated Congress passing the USA FREEDOM Act. 
DHS can share information with the DOD or NSA. 
year Congress passed major privacy reforms because past experience has shown that if the NSA acquires information, they will use it in ways unintended by legislators. Every cybersecurity bill passed by the House this year has prohibited automatic information sharing (and in some cases all sharing) with the NSA. Without this prohibition, designating DHS as the ‘‘sole information sharing portal’’ is essentially meaningless, since DOD and NSA automatically receive cyber threat indicators along with the rest of civilian agencies. As this bill is drafted, functionally—there is no difference between directly 
giving it to the NSA. There should be strong rules protecting personal information from being received, processed, and stored by intelligence agencies, which this bill lacks. 
additional concern, for me and for many others, is an awful provision— and I stress the word ‘‘awful’’—in this bill, which constitutes a big giveaway to Big Oil and could lead to an increase in gas prices. Big Oil gives big money to campaigns, and, sadly, Big Oil is getting a very big return on its investment with this bill. This provision could intensify climate change, have devastating environmental impacts, and does nothing to save consumers money on energy costs. 
I will be asking my colleagues to defeat the previous question. If the previous question is defeated, I will offer an amendment to strike this outrageous provision. 
whether the good outweighs the bad before casting their vote on the omnibus bill. Compromise is never easy, but in a divided government it is essential if we are to move forward. 
Republicancontrolled Congress has been the total disregard for Americans who struggle—those stuck in poverty. Time and time again in this Chamber, poor people have been demonized and disparaged while those who are well off and well connected get one tax break after another after another. 
I am pleased that in the tax extenders package there are provisions to protect millions of struggling Americans from a tax increase and boost family incomes by permanently extending essential improvements to the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit for lowincome working families, as well as the American opportunity tax credit to help low and middleincome families pay for college. 
tax credits were originally passed as part of the 2009 Recovery Act, and each has played a critical role in fueling America’s economic recovery after the financial crisis. Making these improvements permanent would be among the biggest steps Congress can take to reduce poverty, and without action these credits would expire at the end of 2017. 
expected to lift about 16 million people, including about 8 million children, out of poverty, or closer to rising above the poverty line. Simply put, making these improvements to the EITC and the CTC permanent will keep more children out of poverty than any other Federal program. 
overstated. For example, a single mother with two children who works full time at the Federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour and makes $14,500 a 
year would lose her entire $1,725 child tax credit without congressional action. For a family on a fixed income, this would be a terrible setback. Additionally, making the American opportunity tax credit permanent would ensure this program continues to help millions of low and middleincome families pay for college every year. 
In addition to the millions of families these provisions would help, this legislation before us takes important steps to bolster investments in education, job training, advanced manufacturing, infrastructure, and research, while also strengthening national security. 
includes a provision that would make permanent tax parity for commuters who take mass transit—something that has long been a major priority of mine. For far too long, the Tax Code has allowed employers to offer their workers more in pretax parking benefits than in mass transit benefits. Parity between parking and mass transit benefits was first established in the Recovery Act and has been extended on a shortterm basis since then. 
permanent parity for mass transit commuters. It is an attractive fringe benefit that employers can offer their workers. It offers significant savings to employees who rely on mass transit. It is especially important to my constituents in central and western Massachusetts who take the train every day into downtown Boston. 
Mr. Speaker, by averting a government shutdown and passing this deal, we will be able to bring certainty to small businesses, as well as companies investing in the United States, while extending important incentives that support hiring and investing in lowincome communities. 
climate agreement reached in Paris this past weekend, I am also pleased that this deal would extend tax incentives for investments in wind and solar energy, helping to drive significant reductions in carbon pollution and other dangerous air pollutants and provide certainty for investments in clean energy. 
possible without the recent budget deal, which reversed about 90 percent of the cuts that sequestration would have made to nondefense discretionary programs in fiscal year 2016 with parity between defense and nondefense spending. 
positive provisions in this deal, one major concern is that the House Republican tax extender bill would provide hundreds of billions of dollars in special interest tax breaks that are permanent and unpaid for. Such massive giveaways to special interests like Big Oil are a step in the wrong direction. 
we have a responsibility to the American people to pass legislation that 
helps to grow the paychecks of hardworking families and make the investments that will build the bright future that our children deserve. 
that the tax extenders bill continues the misguided double standard of financing tax cuts with budget deficits while insisting on offsets for any increases in domestic spending. Quite frankly, this is dishonest coming from my Republican colleagues who so often claim to be focused on reducing the deficit. 
working hard to get back on their feet and give their children opportunities that they deserve. Continuing this double standard of holding back on investments that we could be making now to help even more of our fellow citizens is inexcusable. 
breaks to the most powerful interests when our country needs much stronger investment in jobs and economic growth for all is a troubling and sober reminder that we must do more to put hardworking families first. Quite frankly, I think it highlights the difference between the two parties. Democrats have long championed the importance of investing in our infrastructure, investing in our people, and investing in our economy. 
bill and the tax extenders package before us today is not perfect. Members on both sides of the aisle are going to have to decide for themselves whether the good outweighs the bad. Clearly, there are some good things and there are some bad things. Hopefully, in the future, we will return to regular order and do our business in a more thoughtful and effective way. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
friend from Massachusetts on a very important point, but perhaps adding a little bit of nuance. 
I celebrate, probably as much as anybody in this Chamber, my friend’s and his side of the aisle’s newfound commitment to regular order. When they were in the majority here, they certainly didn’t practice it. As a matter of fact, in 2009, I think only one or two appropriations bills reached the floor. During that period, the right of having an open rule, where every Member with an amendment could come down and offer it in the House, was taken away by my friend. Again, I appreciate that. 
what happened this year, because, indeed, we did begin down the path of regular order, we did bring six bills across the floor, we did bring all 12 bills through the committee. But, as my friend said, the Senate did not do that. Frankly, when regular order breaks down on one side of the rotunda in the Capitol building, it breaks down on the other as well. You can’t keep 
simply won’t bring bills at all. You are wasting a lot of time and you are casting a lot of votes that, frankly, become meaningless. 
agree with my friend. I think because of the bipartisan budget agreement, which my friend supported, and I supported as well, we now know what our spending levels will be next year. We now have an opportunity to do exactly what I am sure he wants to do, and I think every Member, regardless of viewpoint of party, wants to do. That is to bring all 12 bills to the floor and give every Member an opportunity to participate. That would be a good thing. 
make in response to my friend deals with sequestration. I agree with him. To his credit, he has been a consistent opponent of sequestration. But we ought to remember this about that particular proposal. Sequestration was President Obama’s idea—suggestion— in the 2011 budget agreement. 
that budget agreement. One of the things was that a supercommittee was set up that was supposed to work these things out and sequester was never supposed to happen. For whatever reason, that committee was unable to actually do that. Sequester did save a lot of money. Our deficit is considerably lower than it was. 
raised his concern about deficit spending—I share that concern too. I think it is worth pointing out that the last 4 years that my friends on the other side were in the majority, the deficit rose every single year, peaking at about $1.4 trillion. 
provisions, the truth is for the 4 years—and now 5—that Republicans have been in power in the House, the deficit has gone down every single year. I think that tells you who is committed to deficit reduction and who is serious about cutting spending. 
in this omnibus spending bill in discretionary accounts than we were spending when George Bush was President of the United States in 2008, so that is a pretty serious reduction. I would invite my friends to work with this on the real driver of the deficit, and that is the entitlement programs, which desperately need reform—Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. That is something that can only be done in a bipartisan fashion, and, frankly, can only be done with Presidential leadership. In this case, sadly, the President of the United States has been AWOL in the effort to actually rein in entitlement spending. 
export ban in his remarks. On this we just simply have a different point of view. I come from a part of the world that has produced energy for this country for over 100 years and exported it. We think this is the key to sustaining 
oil means actually thousands of layoffs in Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and other energyproducing States. The productivity of that sector, which has benefited every American with lower energy prices and lower gasoline prices, has also created a lot of difficulty for them. 
We are the only country on the planet that does not allow for the export of petroleum—the only one. Frankly, I think this is a case where we ought to listen to other countries around the world, and we ought to recognize some basic principles. Willing producers, willing buyers, and free markets are good for everybody. That always gives you the best product at the lowest price and creates the most innovation. 
the right direction. I am very proud that the two sides compromised and made this tough call—I know for some of my friends—but I think the right call long term for our country. 
Finally, I would just like to conclude, Mr. Speaker, by noting that in my friend’s remarks, while he certainly made what I think were some excellent points about process, certainly had some points where we differed, and certainly made some fair and legitimate critiques in what is a very large bill— as I said earlier, you can always find something to be critical of in this legislation—my friend also pointed out a lot of the very many good things in this bill. Frankly, some of those things that he likes, Members on my side don’t necessarily agree with. 
That is the product of a real negotiation between the two sides, the two Chambers, and with the administration. There are wins and losses in here—if we even want to call them losses. But I think there is a victory here for the American people—stability, certainty, some really key national investments, no government shutdown, and I think this year the foundation, if we pass this legislation, for regular order, which I know my friend very much wants, next year. 
where we were several years ago— frankly, under both parties—to where we are today. I actually give both sides considerable credit for this because I think there is a genuine yearning from Members of both sides to get to regular order, to make sure that, when we appropriate, everything is down here, transparent, every amendment has an opportunity. 
So, in the spirit of the Christmas season, we can put aside maybe some of our differences here. I think we will pass, ultimately, a very good bipartisan bill. I think we can make a commitment, an early New Year’s resolution, that next year we will go to exactly where my friend wants to go and where I want to go and, frankly, where I know the Speaker wants to go, and 
that is regular order where each bill comes to the floor, receives due consideration, every Member has an opportunity to participate, things are more transparent and, frankly, things are more orderly. That will be possible because we came to a bipartisan budget agreement this year early that set the spending limits for next year. I think that is a very good thing. 
to say to my colleague from Oklahoma that I appreciate his commitment to regular order and reminding us that Speaker RYAN has committed to regular order as well. I am a little skeptical, so I am not going to hold my breath because I probably won’t make it until next year if I do that. I will just remind him that the previous Speaker, Speaker Boehner, promised the same thing, and we never saw it. In fact, we have the most closed Congress in the history of United States Congresses. 
urge that we defeat the previous question. If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule that would strike the provision in the omnibus that lifts the ban on exporting crude oil. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. To discuss the proposal, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ). 
I urge Members to defeat the previous question because I am not sure that the majority has fully considered the permanent damage to jobs and to national security if this is not properly transitioned and implemented. 
It was not too long ago that many of 
us in this room remember what we call the oddeven days where we were waiting in long lines, just hoping that we could get gasoline. Well, we have come a long way from there through technology and the ability to extract more oil. 
American energy. We have refineries on the West Coast. We have them on the East Coast. We have them in the Gulf. That is critical to our national security because oil, without refining, simply doesn’t work. 
So here we are today looking at lifting the 40yearold oil ban. What this really means is jobs and, in particular, this means jobs and a strategic disadvantage to the East Coast where we will be losing many of our refineries. 
oil, but if we don’t have it in the refining sense on the East Coast, on the West Coast, and in the Gulf, we will be putting ourselves at a very strategic disadvantage. Those long lines remind us of how critical it is to have that capacity. 
It is about jobs, those skilled craftsmen who work in the refineries day in and day out. So what this bill is doing is picking winners and losers. We are trading jobs. I absolutely believe in that. We are taking those East Coast jobs and shipping them overseas. 
right. This is like creating a dam that has been holding back the water, but instead of letting it out slowly and transitioning, we are just simply breaking that dam. We need to make sure that we implement a transition for our refineries. The 199 is a step in the right direction for those transportation costs, but we need more. 
an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
refining capacity we cannot lose. This is about our Nation’s security. This is about jobs. 
of American jobs and independence for our strategic national security by defeating the previous questions. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
friend from New Jersey on the refinery issue because I actually have two refineries in my district, so not all refineries are located on the East and West Coast or in the Gulf. There are quite a few of them in the historic middle part of the country as well. 
jobs as well because, as my friend suggests, they are extremely important. He is precisely correct when he says that just producing oil is not enough. You want to be able to refine it. 
Cushing, Oklahoma, is over 250 million barrels of oil that can’t be refined because there is not a sufficient capacity for that particular kind of oil in this country. 
fair for people to say you can only sell the product you produce one place. Nobody else in the world does that. Nobody else says you can’t sell your product to any place in the world in any market you want to. Only we do that. 
audience, but that is just simply not fair to the people at the other end of the process. They ought to be able to sell their product, particularly when, in certain kinds of crude, there is just simply not sufficient capacity. I would suggest over time if we just have faith in the free market, those things will be worked out, and we will eventually have the appropriate balance and supply. Again, I want to agree with my 
friend about the importance of the refining industry, but I also want to agree about the importance of free markets and the right and ability of people that produce products and make substantial investments to sell their product anyplace to any market that they care to do that. We are the only country in the world that denies that privilege to people that find and produce oil. I think if we remove that, frankly, we will have a more robust domestic industry. 
be commended because it has been their innovation that has created this abundance of production. We have increased production in the United States by 85 percent in the last 5 or 6 years. That wasn’t done with any government program. That wasn’t done by the government. That was actually done by hardworking entrepreneurs and workers in historic oilproducing areas and new areas that are being opened up, in States like Pennsylvania and Ohio. This is a good thing for the United States, and we ought to take full advantage. 
them record low prices, and they need the opportunity to market their product anyplace in the world that they think they can get a decent price. In the longterm, that will preserve the industry in the United States. 
lot about jobs. I would be happy to take you to my State and show you how many thousands of jobs we have lost in the last few months, in the last year and a half. 
work; it is also machinery, production, and that sort of thing. Frankly, those losses will reach into the manufacturing section of our country that produces much of the steel, the pipe, and the concrete that are important. Those jobs aren’t just in our part of the country; they are all through the country. 
friend. I agree with his observation. There were efforts made in good faith by both sides to provide some tax relief to the refining industry. If that is not sufficient, I would be happy to work with my friend to try and do more in that regard. 
It is a historic opportunity to do the right thing. At the end of the day, we are always better off when we trust free markets, free men and women producing and selling the products that they choose to make as widely as possible. That is what has made the country great. That has certainly been the key to the success in the energy industry. This is a step in the right direction to make sure that we not only maintain, but expand that principle. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), a distinguished member of the Ways and 
this has been a difficult process creating this package. I commend Speaker RYANand Leader P ELOSI working with 
the White House and our friends in the Senate to put together a package that actually may secure support and passage from people on both sides. 
an omnibus bill that, on balance, I think is a very fair compromise, given the composition of this Congress and the challenges that we are facing. 
unprecedented support for neuroscience, something I have worked on for a long time, and the significant funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, a priority of people on both sides of the aisle, but it has been bottled up. We will be talking more about that tomorrow. 
As it relates to the bill that we are 
going to have before us in a few minutes, I wish that it had dealt more aggressively with the question of the revenue needs of this country, something I have consistently supported before I joined the Ways and Means Committee and what we are going to have to be addressing in the future. 
It is important to focus on the elements, I think, in the bill that warrant my support for it. First and foremost, it provides certainty for provisions that are important to a wide variety of our constituents and interests that ultimately were going to be funded one way or another. It harkened back to the saga we had of the doc fix, the SGR, the sustainable growth rate that we forced people to jump through hoops year after year. 
some important certainty for areas that invest in the future that I have spent a long time working on in terms of wind, solar, the new market tax credits, the shortline railroads. My friend from Massachusetts talked about a project we have worked on for years, transit parity; and being able to settle the books on that and move forward, I think, is very, very important. 
It even is a little start on energy efficiency for commercial buildings that I hope we can do better. Emerging industries like Americanproduced cider get a tremendous benefit, incorporating the CIDER Act that I have been working on. 
something again my friend from Massachusetts referenced, and that is the provisions in this bill that relate to 
lowincome working Americans. The earned income tax credit and the child tax credit were set to expire in 2017. This impacts 16 million people, raising them above poverty or at least getting to the poverty level, of which half of those are children, 8 million children. In my State, it is 164,000 families, some of Oregon’s most vulnerable working poor. 
deal is likely. I think it is important to move forward on it and protect it now. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
my friend from Oregon for his hard, bipartisan work on Ways and Means and various elements in this package that came here. I want to thank him as well for the kind remarks he made about the omnibus and his interest in research. I know that is genuine, and he has been a champion of that. I look forward to continuing to work with that. 
think this, too—we are all concerned about the deficit. Some day, if we get serious about entitlement reform, we will sit down and do it. Now, I believe that can only be done in a bipartisan way. I would invite my friend sometime to look at a bill that Mr. DELANEY  
and I have to begin the process of perhaps reforming Social Security in a bipartisan way. So, again, I look forward to that. I appreciate my friend’s good work. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ), the ranking member of 
the world, this is a special time of the year, and we have our traditions here in Washington. One of them is underway at this moment in the House. It is called the ceremony of the stuffing of the silk stockings. We do it each year, and we do it generously. This bill is even referred to as a ‘‘Christmas tree bill’’ because special interests get special presents, ‘‘ornaments’’ on this tree. 
the fact that the direct spending bill and the tax spending bill are considered under this same rule. The press has focused most of its attention on the direct spending bill, the Omnibus. While there has been some debate over some of the policy provisions, it has really been the sideshow here. 
on this are Republicans—and some Democrats who have enabled them, unfortunately—determined to get as many permanent tax breaks as possible for those who have been waiting for this Christmas tree. They have added hundreds of billions of dollars of permanent tax breaks onto this bill. 
there, they have put it all on the credit card. It is just that it is your credit card. We are borrowing from the Chinese, from the Saudis, around the world, in order to pay for tax breaks for which not a penny has been paid. That is total fiscal irresponsibility. 
adding more and more to our national debt, they have reached out to put in a few good provisions. I happen to be the 
author of the Refundability for the Higher Education Tax Credit. I am delighted to see it extended permanently, but it does not even expire this year, as is true of some of the other tax breaks that are boasted about this morning. 
of billions of dollars to the national debt has been clearly identified by my colleague from Oklahoma candidly, and that is that Social Security and Medicare are the next things up for consideration on the chopping block. 
debt unpaid for in a fiscally irresponsible way, you begin to jeopardize retirement security, Medicare, and Social Security because those socalled entitlements are next up on the chopping block. Reject this giveaway. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
in his concern about the national debt and the deficit. I think those are genuine and real. 
annual deficit got greater for 4 consecutive years, peaking at $1.4 trillion. Every year the Republicans have been in power in the House, it has come down. 
national debt, but who ran it up and who is trying to bring it down I think is pretty clear over the last several years. 
many of the provisions—and, frankly, I could list some provisions that I am critical of in this legislation as well—I remind him it was negotiated by the Democratic minority leader, the Speaker of the House, the leader of the Senate, the minority leader of the Senate, and the President of the United States. 
signed off by the leaders of both parties, but certainly the leaders of his party. It is not some Democrats that are involved. It is the top Democrats that were involved. I presume they think this was in the best interest of the country. 
we all like and agree on. There are going to be items that both sides do not like. I mean, that is just the nature of a compromise. 
things that I think either should have been in the bill and aren’t or that are in the bill that I don’t like. I look at the broader virtues here. I think it is good. 
Speaker, is this idea that we are making permanent tax cuts, the reality is they have been permanent anyway. We have been extending these things ad infinitum, forever. The problem is, when you extend 
taxes instead of create certainty, people don’t know whether to invest, what to invest, what to do. You actually don’t get the productive value out of the tax cut. 
Ways and Means and his colleagues on both sides of the aisle who are trying to make some things that are common sense and that we do every single year or every other year permanent so the American people can make an appropriate calculation. 
next year and work seriously, as I know he will, on trying to come to some sort of agreement on entitlement spending, some sort of reforms. That is where 71 percent of the total spending of the budget is. If you want to balance, you can’t rope it off and say these things we can never change over here. 
is a process bill. It doesn’t lay these things out. It doesn’t cut anything. What it does do is actually force us to sit down and make some decisions. People on both sides of the aisle keep postponing this. 
what Ronald Reagan, Tip O’Neill, and Howard Baker did in 1983. They had a commission similar to what Mr. DELANEY and I have. Any recommendation to that commission would have to be bipartisan. Then the Congress would have to vote on it up or down. I can assure you that there will be things in a reform package that both sides don’t like, but Congress has ignored these things. 
drivers, I am proud that we have at least put proposals on the table in the Ryan and now the Price budgets, proposals I know my friends probably don’t agree with, but I think are real efforts to actually reform those things. 
proposal on Medicare, a Democratic proposal on Medicaid. Frankly, neither side has been willing to really put something out on Social Security. I think that is something we ought to do. That is something Mr. DELANEY and 
I in a bipartisan way have tried to do. I hope other Members will work with us next year. 
I know that the Speaker is committed to trying to reform these programs so we can save them so that the scenario that my friend laid out does not happen, that they do not go bankrupt, that the American people do not lose them. We are going to have to sit down and make some hard decisions and make them in a bipartisan way. 
The fact that we did this on this bill, 
this omnibus spending bill and the tax extender portion, I think is a good start to sitting down and having that conversation more broadly next year. I hope we do that. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Small Business. 
unconscionable that the legislation we are considering does nothing to address Puerto Rico’s mounting debt crisis. Puerto Rico’s crisis is decades in the making, and it stems from years of neglect from this very same body, the United States Congress. 
us where we are today. Now it has a moral responsibility to act. Yet, my Republican colleagues are standing in the way. Giving Puerto Rico authority to restructure its debts will not cost taxpayers a dime, but it would help solve their fiscal crisis. 
to cut spending, I ask you: How much more? The island spends $2,000 less per student than the average spent on the mainland. The government has already closed nearly 100 schools this year in addition to 60 closures last year. Sales taxes are the highest in the United States and would increase from 7 percent to 11.5 percent. 
The government has laid off 21 percent of its employees since 2008, and the 2016 budget makes further cuts. Puerto Rico is doing its part to raise revenue and cut expenses. Stop playing Russian roulette with the wellbeing of the Puerto Rican people, American citizens. 
been taken, Wall Street hedge funds want more. They bought this debt at cheap prices, and now they want it all. They are willing to inflate big suffering on 3.5 million American citizens in order to reap massive profits. Sadly, congressional Republicans decide. 
the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds because I agree with her on this issue. 
Governor of Puerto Rico is here—he is sitting in the gallery—asking you to help those Americans who call the island home. 
holidays, for the 56 percent of American children who live in poverty in Puerto Rico, this omnibus is their Christmas present. 
Shame on us. It is wrong. It is morally wrong. It will not cost one dime to taxpayers. All we are asking is give Puerto Rico the ability to restructure its public debt like any other municipality in this country. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded not to refer to occupants of the gallery. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
to my good friend from New York whenever she rises on this issue because, frankly, I know she is much more knowledgeable about it than I 
I do not pretend to be an expert in 
this area at all. It is not something we handle normally on the Committee on Appropriations. It would normally come through another committee. 
that is actually what the great concern is. I don’t think there is much doubt that there is a serious crisis here. Nobody debates that. 
I understand it, is to try to work through regular order and resolve this, as we should, because it is a complex problem. 
I think probably the decision at higher levels than mine was that this is not the appropriate vehicle. That does not take away from my friend’s point that it is a serious problem. It needs the attention of Congress. I look forward to working with her in that regard. 
I do not think this was the right vehicle. I do think, actually, there would have been many Members with many questions who would not have had a chance to study it. 
way through the committee. I hope we do that. I think that is the right thing to do. I think my friend was certainly well within her rights and very appropriately raised an important issue that this House needs to turn its attention to next year. 
Connecticut (Ms. D ELAURO ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations. 
opposition to this rule and to express great disappointment with the underlying tax extenders bill. 
the expansion of the child tax credit permanent, along with the earned income tax credit and the American opportunity tax credit, it fails to index the value of the child tax credit to inflation. By the end of this decade, this will result in 750,000 children falling back into poverty. 
made the estate tax cut both permanent and indexed to inflation. Who does this benefit? The children of the millionaires and billionaires. 
same benefit to working families. It means that 7,450 estates nationwide are the beneficiaries of the estate tax. Nineteen million families and many, many more millions of children would have benefited from indexing the child tax credit. 
more provisions of the Tax Code to be indexed: income tax rates, the adoption credit, the earned income tax credit, the lowincome housing credit, the exemption amount for the alternative minimum tax, the standard deduction, 
the overall limitation on itemized deductions, cafeteria plans, transportation fringe benefits, adoption assistance programs, the personal exemption, medical savings account, the maximum deduction for interest on education loans, foreignearned income exclusion, estate tax exemption, gift tax exemption, and the list goes on and on. 
should have to struggle to raise a child. By failing to index the value of the child tax credit, we allow the benefit of the child tax credit to slowly erode away. 
still not earning enough to make ends meet in this country. Middle class wages are stagnant or they are in decline. We need to do whatever we can to support working people. Working and middle class families cannot afford to continue to see the value of their child tax credit decline. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
to speak in support of the 9/11 health provisions that are in the omnibus bill that we will be voting on tomorrow. This is a major bipartisan victory. 
Energy and Commerce, we had the health portion of the bill, which basically provides specialized health care for those first responders and survivors of 9/11. 
Mr. Speaker, I cannot tell how important this is. In my own State of New Jersey, we have a clinic where we help about 5,000 mostly first responders. They need specialized health care. Their problems get more severe as time goes on. 
What we are doing with this legislation is making this 9/11 health program and victims compensation program permanent. It was authorized for 5 years. There was a cap on it. The cap has now been removed. We know that those first responders now will get the kind of specialized health care that they need. I cannot emphasize how important this is. 
New Jersey delegation, the New York delegation, and the Connecticut delegation on both sides of the aisle in both the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
I think a lot of people think this is 
just a health insurance program. That is not what this is about. This is a research program that looks into those specialized diseases that many of these first responders have been impacted by, and every day, we find more rare diseases, more problems that these first responders are coming down with. It is 
a research program. It is also a treatment and diagnostic program for them. 
this as a permanent program so that they will not have to worry about what kind of health care they get, and they will not have to worry about where they go. 
that it doesn’t matter where you are in the country. There is a protocol that has been set up under this 9/11 health program so that somebody in Los Angeles, Florida, or wherever they are, can go to the local hospital and be attended to. 
So, once again, this is a major victory, and I appreciate the fact that I have had the time to talk about it. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
my friend from New Jersey for coming down here and making that point and, frankly, for his hard work and continuous dedication on this important provision. 
When this legislation was first offered a number of years ago, I was very proud to vote for it. I thought it was the right thing to do. I was happy to cosponsor its extension and being made permanent, and I look forward to having the opportunity to vote for it in this context again. 
talks about the consequences of 9/11 to the men and women who heroically went to the site trying to save other Americans, risking their own lives and health, as we know, in the long term. I dealt with a similar situation when I was secretary of state in Oklahoma in the Oklahoma City bombing. I must say, we got tremendous help from our friends in New York and New Jersey and other parts of the country. We had rescue teams. We got wonderful help from the United States in the aftermath of the disaster and the recovery. Of course, the scale of 9/11 dwarfs anything that has ever happened in our country. 
So I am glad on this note: The two 
parties have sat down and worked together and done the right thing. My friend from New Jersey has been a leader in that effort every step along the way. This is something in the bill that I think for even those who don’t support the bill, frankly, had we run it individually, I believe it would have passed on this floor overwhelmingly in a bipartisan fashion, but it does come to us in the context of this bill, and I hope many of my friends can support the bill for a variety of reasons, and this would be one of the chief amongst them. 
Frankly, if they cannot, I would recognize again that, had this come individually, I think even those who are opposed would have supported this, because this is a uniting experience in American history. It is something we are proud of. And we can’t ever forget the sacrifices that men and women on the ground at the site in the moment of enormous danger made for their fellow Americans and the example they set for us all. So the least we can do is to make sure that those who suffered on our behalf are taken care of appropriately in the aftermath of this great tragedy. 
we are presented with today, I think, can be fairly characterized as a mixed bag. There are some very good things that we can talk about in both these packages that we are going to debate and vote on today and tomorrow, and there are some very bad things. And I think Members are going to have to decide for themselves whether the good outweighs the bad or the bad outweighs the good. 
agree on is that we need to do better in terms of process. We ought to consider all of these appropriations bills individually. And even if the other body chooses not to take those bills up, we ought to at least do our work here. We only did half the job this year, and I regret that very, very much. 
I will say on the good side of what is 
being presented today is the chipping away at sequestration, which was a horrible idea. It has done great damage to this country’s economy, which has hurt a lot of struggling people in this country. This package before us today begins the process of chipping away at that. 
I also believe that it is good that we 
are doing what we should have done a long time ago, and that is provide certainty for the 9/11 responders. I want to thank the New York delegation, in particular, for their steadfast insistence that we act on this. That is in this package as well. 
is great concern on our side about the fact that a lot of this is all unpaid for. And yes, we do care about deficits. I wish my colleagues on the other side cared more about deficits. 
committed to reducing or eliminating our deficit. I will remind you we had a Democratic President, Bill Clinton, in office when we actually eliminated the deficit. And when the Republican, George W. Bush, got elected and we had unpaidfor tax cuts—most for wealthy people—and unpaidfor wars, we saw the elimination of the deficit balloon into these huge deficits. And we are still trying to dig ourselves out of that mess to this very day. 
bill I am grateful we have made permanent the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit. These are both important antipoverty initiatives. It will help a lot of people whom this body has consistently and deliberately ignored for too long. 
comments of my colleague from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), who said that 
the child tax credit should have been indexed for inflation. We could have done that. I think that would have been even a better gesture toward trying to help people get out of poverty. We didn’t do that. That is a fight that we need to deal with in the future. 
against the previous question so that we can have an upordown vote to eliminate what I think is an outrageous giveaway to Big Oil. It doesn’t belong in this bill. We should have that debate, and Members ought to be able to vote up or down on it. The only way we are going to be able to do that, quite frankly, is by eliminating the previous question so we can bring this amendment to the floor. 
Having said that, this is the final action of the Rules Committee—I hope it is the final time the Rules Committee will be presenting on the floor—and, again, I want to thank my colleagues for their work on this. I want to especially thank the staff. I want to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year, and I look forward to a more productive 2016. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
my friend. As always, it is a privilege to have a debate and a discussion with him. I think his characterization of this legislation as a mixed bag is a fair characterization, but that is what I would expect in anything that is a compromise—and particularly a compromise of this magnitude. 
all those involved in this. They did come to some major agreements. Again, I think each of the leaders of the House and of the Senate and certainly the President and his team could point to things they don’t like in this bill or things they gave up or things they wanted that didn’t make it. I know each of them has a long list of disappointments. 
way to get the job done. They found a way to sit down, work across the institutional divide, the partisan divide, their philosophical differences, and produce a good bill. 
on his concern about the process. He is precisely right; this is not the best way to operate. I am glad we got all these bills on the appropriations side through the full committee. I am proud that we got six of them across the 
floor. I am disappointed that our friends in the Senate, frankly, because of the minority’s opposition, didn’t get any onto the floor. They did get, though, in fairness, all 12 of theirs through committee. And that is progress for both bodies. We have moved in a broad direction. But my friend is right, we need to go further next year. 
I am going to disagree with him a little bit about the deficit. He is not 
out the reality that for the last 4 years my friends were in the majority, the deficit went up every single year; and since we have been in the majority, it has come down every single year. I don’t think those are coincidences. I think they show who is committed. 
I am also proud that we have put forward real reform proposals on entitlement spending, the real drivers of the debt. I invite my friends to actually offer proposals in that regard or to look at Mr. DELANEY ’s bill and my bill. 
I wish our side would do that, too, by the way, because I think it offers us a reasonable way to get to reforming the Social Security system, probably the most important single program that we have in the country. 
good friend on the oil export ban, not surprisingly. In my part of the world, we are losing thousands of jobs. The idea that you would restrict where Americans, who have produced a product, can sell it to only one place, when no other country in the world does that. This is something that shouldn’t have been in this bill. It should have never happened in the first place. It should have gone 40 years ago. 
Now, my friend mentioned Mr. Clinton and balancing the budget. I think that is an appropriate thing to do. He somehow left out the part that it was a Republican Congress working with President Clinton. Frankly, President Clinton never ever submitted a balanced budget to the Congress. Congress reduced the spending, and eventually we got lucky. We had a growth spurt. We had a peace dividend. We had a lot of things going on in the nineties. We had the baby boomers at the top of their earning potential. They were not retiring at the rate of 10,000 a day, as we have now. 
tougher, but my friend is right when he makes the point that in a bipartisan fashion, we dealt with this problem in the 1990s. We need to be bipartisan and deal it with again, going forward. 
Mr. Speaker, I think that as we conclude the legislative business of this Congress, it is critical for us to end in a way that honors the trust the American people have placed in us. Divided government is difficult; however, it is a position that we have been placed in. 
with legislative activity: a longterm transportation bill, a fundamental overhaul of our elementary education programs, a Customs bill which makes it easier for Americans to trade overseas, and finally, both tax certainty for individuals and businesses and the completion of the fiscal year 2016 appropriations process. 
have been perfect, from my perspective or I am sure from my friend’s perspective, but they have all been better than the alternative we have faced. And they were, in my estimation, the best deals we could negotiate. That is a testament to the leadership of Speaker 
chairman, Mr. R OGERS ; Mr. B RADY on 
our side, of their counterparts, Mrs. LOWEY ; Mr. S HUSTER ; the ranking 
end with one note. I want to join my friend, my valued colleague in the Rules Committee, in our joint hope that we do not meet again in that context. I want to wish him and his family a Merry Christmas, as well as to all those in this institution. And frankly, I want to congratulate all involved in this on a job well done. It was a hard deal, a long negotiation, but one where each side worked together. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 566 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new section: 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule ....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member 
who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate ‘‘(Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 244, nays 177, not voting 12, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock 
Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko 
Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 240, noes 185, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais DiazBalart 
Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter 
Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer 
Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon 
Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This bill adds $622 billion to the deficit, the vast majority of which is through permanent tax provisions. For those who propose to have the increase in the deficit continue to drive down defense domestic spending, this bill will almost certainly accomplish this. By FY17, nondefense discretionary spending will have already fallen to its lowest level, as a share of the economy, since 1962. These cuts seriously threaten programs that assist the middle class or those who are striving to reach the middle class, programs like Head Start and Pell Grants and those in job training and those in basic health research. 
years, to make tax breaks permanent so that they will not have to be offset in revenueneutral tax reform, this bill will help them carry it out, leaving more room to cut taxes for the very wealthy, which they will say will pay for themselves. For those who want to continue tax 
cuts that were only intended for a specific period, like expensive bonus depreciation, the purpose of which is to ease recovery from the recession and to lose its effectiveness otherwise, this bill will help do that. 
international tax proposals, often serving as a loophole and helping to move resources overseas, this bill will help do that. The active financing international tax provision, made permanent in this bill at a cost of $78 billion, and the extension of the CFC look through provision for 5 years, at a cost of $8 billion, which often promotes tax savings, should be thoroughly reexamined as part of comprehensive tax reform—and the sooner the better. 
tax reform. It is the opposite of what was done by former Ways and Means Chairman Dave Camp, who kept some provisions, who changed some, who ended some, like bonus depreciation, and who paid for his revenueneutral comprehensive tax reform proposal. 
against the provisions that are important priorities for Democrats—the child tax credit, the earned income tax credit, and the American opportunity tax credit. But the longterm negative dangers of this legislation make the price too high. Therefore, I oppose this legislation. 
Ways and Means, I have asked that the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation make available to the public a technical explanation of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015, which the House is considering today. 
has issued that technical explanation as JCX–144–15, and it expresses the Ways and Means Committee’s understanding and legislative intent behind this important legislation. It is available on the Joint Committee on Taxation’s Web site at www.jct.gov. 
gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ), who leads the Subcommittee 
on Tax Policy for the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank the chairman for the fine work he and his staff have done in negotiating this package. 
talked about restoring confidence in America, which is something I think we can all agree on. Things we need to do to achieve that involve restoring American leadership abroad, protecting our American values, and, very importantly, restoring American prosperity. We can’t do that until we reform the Tax Code. That is at the center of all of the efforts to restore American prosperity through economic growth. I rise in rigorous support of this bill 
as it stops the cycle of just extending these provisions without vetting them year after year and in the last hours of the year. It is time to stop that, and we are doing that. We are making some of these provisions permanent. We are creating certainty for American families and for American businesses at a time of economic uncertainty. This is real tax relief that sets the stage for tax reform. 
There are a number of important provisions in this. Mr. PAULSEN has 
worked very hard to repeal the device tax, which stifles American innovation, and we are going to put this on hold for 2 years. We are going to stop the health insurance tax for 1 year, which is causing health insurance premium hikes for American families. By some estimates, it is $350 to $400 a year for American families, and this is wrong. 
The R&D tax credit is made permanent. American innovation is what we want to see to get growth. It also has a whole bunch of other provisions that help small businesses and families. We do work very hard to create program integrity in our EITC and child tax credit, something that is very much needed. 
forward for tax reform. It sets the stage. We have broken that disastrous cycle of just a kneejerk extension of these provisions, and we have, actually, vetted a lot of these tax provisions to be made permanent—we have run them through committee; we have had hearings; we have had markups; we have taken them to the floor. We are trying to restore regular order. 
seen as a first step in restoring American confidence. I am confident of that. Let’s pass this package and move on. 
minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the Democratic 
I heard that speech in 1981. I heard it in 2001. I heard it in 2003. The certainty of this bill is that we will explode further deficits and provide for disinvestment. 
That is the certainty of this bill, and I rise in strong opposition to it. 
approximately $622 billion over the next 10 years. Add to that the $58 billion in unpaidfor tax provisions in the omnibus bill of approximately $680 billion. When you add interest to that, it is almost $800 billion in additional debt, Mr. and Mrs. America. 
spoke in greater detail about my opposition to this package. I, again, want to highlight one major issue, and that is how enacting this legislation will set the stage for the next round of painful sequester cuts, otherwise known as disinvestment in growing our economy and jobs. 
billion in new deficits and the sequester’s $813 billion in cuts that were imposed for the sake of deficit reduction? 
hundreds of billions of cuts from domestic discretionary investment—i.e., growing jobs and the economy—in order to make up for the budget shortfall incurred by the extension of these tax credits, some of which are made permanent. 
make a number of these tax credits and deductions permanent, and I support making many of these permanent, but we ought to pay for it in the process, as your predecessor did, Mr. Camp. It was a tough decision he made, and it was dismissed out of hand because it was hard to do. 
This is easy to do. There is no courage required to vote for this bill. All you have to do is suspend common sense. This legislation flies in the face of the basic budgeting principle, which hardworking families all across our Nation understand and have to live with every month. 
Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, wrote in The Washington Post last week: 
that we borrowed more than $1 trillion—counting interest—not because it was a national emergency or to make critical investments in the future but because we just don’t like paying our bills?’’ 
Republicans would answer as they always do—that tax cuts somehow, magically, pay for themselves. I have been here 35 years. It has never happened. 
seen that notion disproven several times over, and the results of experimenting with that idea have been higher deficits and a ballooning debt that fuel Republican efforts to disinvest in our future and to dismantle Medicare, Social Security, and safety net programs. Let’s not make the same mistake again. 
straightforward, 2year extension, and then commit ourselves to meaningful tax reform as David Camp did. It is tough to do, I understand that, but it is the right thing to do. Let us show that we have courage as well as common sense. Defeat this bill. Let us move on to meaningful tax reform and to growing our economy. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ), one of our key leaders on tax reform. 
Mr. Speaker, to the previous gentleman, I say Mr. and Mrs. America would be stunned to know that, to keep current policy in place, we have to raise taxes to keep tax cuts, some of 
which have been in place for 30 years. The R&D tax credit has been around for 30 years. The horrible way that we make policy here on a retroactive basis or on a ‘‘1year forward and then we will address it again’’ basis is changing today. 
in my district, have been thinking about buying a loader this year. They can now, actually, buy one, and they can, actually, plan for the next 10 years on how to operate their farm and to make investments. There is that small business guy who wants to expense or that person to whom R&D is so important, but they weren’t sure what we were going to do with the R&D tax credit even though it has been around for decades. 
been the R&D tax credit. Yet, making that current policy permanent was being argued by some on the other side as our having to raise taxes to pay for this current policy. No wonder Americans shake their heads. 
This is a good bill. This is an amazing bill. Go talk to your small business owners. Go talk to the accountant at the YMCA who puts together tax filings for people who care about the child tax credit and about the permanency in the child tax credit, about the New Markets tax credit—things that have an amazing impact on our communities, like the LowIncome Housing tax credit that Mr. NEAL and I have 
worked on. Section 179’s permanency is unbelievable. It is going to impact communities from coast to coast, including my district in Ohio and farmers as well. This is going to provide amazing certainty. 
I have been so pleased to work on a 
number of these issues with my Republican and Democrat colleagues. This, ladies and gentlemen, is a wonderful bridge to comprehensive tax reform. 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ). 
know how proud we can be as legislators to say, at the end of the year, instead of legislating—having hearings, listening to what this is going to do to help America, and where it is going to hurt—we are so proud of the fact that we are negotiating. Here we are talking about $680 billion of tax cuts, yet, we all know that, when we get home, there is nobody in the world who is going to think that their pockets, that their jobs, that their educations are going to be better. 
America to provide the leadership and to say that we have a system based on a Tax Code that we can depend on. Yes, we shouldn’t have to extend these every year. We should work together to bring all of this together so that we know exactly what is going on. 
the earned income tax credit. I fought for this. I am one of the people who goes against loopholes, and I guess I 
have really tried to get more loopholes in it in order for poor people to get some justice out of the tax system. The truth of the matter is, because of the disparity in incomes, because people work hard every day and they are still in poverty, we are going to use the Tax Code in order to say that we will give them a refundable tax credit. 
No. What this is going to do is to remove the ability for this great country of ours to have the discretionary funds to do the right thing, which is really conditioned in what we call the pursuit of happiness. We should not be using the Tax Code for social welfare, nor should we be using the Tax Code in order to have certain companies benefit from it. 
the entire Tax Code so America would know where we are going and where we should be going. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ), a key member of our tax writing committee. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his good work on this issue. 
As I visit with folks at home in Kansas, they often express their frustration with Washington. Uncertainty is the enemy, whether in tax policy, regulatory policy, or health policy. Folks simply need to know what the rules will be so they can plan accordingly. 
tax area and a former State treasurer, I have seen firsthand how uncertain tax policies that expire every year negatively impact our hardworking businesses and families. I am pleased we have secured a tax package that will bring much more certainty to families and businesses across the country fighting to create jobs in our still struggling economy. This legislation will help bring us closer to the stable tax policies our economy desperately needs. 
direction toward a confident America, built on principles and values that hard work should equal success. This legislation will grow our economy, put more money back in the folks’ pockets, and rein in the IRS. With these foundations, we can continue to make strides towards a progrowth agenda that helps businesses succeed, creates more jobs, and stimulates the economy. 
minute to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ). 
the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his leadership on bigger paychecks for America’s working families and in so many areas. Thank you, Mr. LEVIN, for your leadership. 
assuming his new position. We all wish him success and look forward to working with him. 
serious discussion. We in this body have a very big responsibility to make decisions as architects of our children’s future, where we are making decisions that strengthen the middle class and that take us to our responsibility to be custodians of our democracy. 
our democracy, and this legislation undermines the success of the middle class. In terms of children, their education, the financial security of their families, the pension security of their grandparents, the health of the environment in which they live, all of that is seriously affected by this legislation. 
this is part of a grand scheme that started after President Clinton left office. In his term of office, because of the Budget Act of 1993 which passed with Democratic support, it unleashed a remarkable era of job creation, and it took us on a path to deficit reduction. In fact, five of his last budgets were even or in surplus, and that was taking us to a path of reducing not only the deficit—of course it would be eliminated—but the national debt. 
class, and in just a few years, all of the progress in reducing the deficit that occurred during the Clinton administration was reversed by the Bush tax cuts—unpaid for—for the wealthiest. That unpaid for is really what my problem is here today. 
bill that we Democrats take ownership of and I personally take some personal pride in having worked on. For example, the earned income tax credit and the childcare tax credit, those initiatives we negotiated with President Bush to take them to the place that they are. They are a stimulus. They were debated and passed at the time as part of President Bush’s stimulus package. 
When it comes to some of the initiatives like R&D, we have all been talking about modernizing and making permanent the research and development tax credit. The problem is, unpaid for. 
When we talk about 179, that is a creation of which Democrats were very much a part, which were the initiatives to help small businesses. We fully subscribe to that. But when we make them permanent—and that might be a good idea—and they are unpaid for, it also hurts our ability to do something broader in the Tax Code and take advantage of that opportunity. 
again, I think I am second to none—except maybe Mr. RANGEL —in this body 
in my advocacy for that, when Mr. Rostenkowski was the chairman of the committee. It is important that they are in this legislation, and they should be permanent. 
these things—look, this is an engine to send jobs overseas with some of the provisions that are in the legislation, so it is like a Trojan horse. There are many good things, and then all of a 
sudden you find out what is in the belly of them. 
means that, for certain things like bonus depreciation and things like that, if they are for a short term, people will take advantage of them. We get the boost in our economy, and our Treasury from that. 
go down this path of $600plus billion of permanent, unpaid for tax extenders largely benefiting corporate America and say that doesn’t have to be paid for. Oh, but, by the way, if you want to do $7 billion to honor the work of 9/11 first responders, you have to pay for every penny of it, find a way to do it by cuts or outlay or some other way. 
this? Tax cuts for businesses to send jobs overseas, unpaid for and permanent; 9/11, which is an emergency, would you not agree? If there ever were an emergency, it would be 9/11. And the costs related to honoring our commitments, both in health and compensation to those workers, should be held up because we couldn’t find payfors. Now we have, so that is good. We had to find the payfors. 
What are the costs in the outyears? It is hard to determine, but they are there. 
the deficit with such seriousness that our country will have to borrow from the Social Security trust fund to stay afloat, seriously undermining Social Security—and as our distinguished whip said, Social Security, Medicare, and the rest. It seriously affects this legislation, seriously affects our ability to make the discretionary investments in the education of our children, the promotion of growth, and the rest of that. 
So I think what it comes down to is, 
yes, there are some good ideas in here. We developed them. We support them. We don’t even care if some of them are permanent. It is the unpaid for part of it that is mortgaging our children’s future, that is threatening Social Security, and that undermines our ability to reduce the deficit and reduce the interest payments on the national debt. 
what President Clinton did so successfully with a very difficult vote. We lost the Congress after that for that and other reasons. Some Members did. They said: I did the right thing because it took us on a path of fiscal soundness, and it took us on a path of economic growth. This, of course, was reversed in the Bush years. The $5.5 trillion of deficit reduction was—there was an $11 trillion reversal, one of the biggest, up until that time, of a reversal. 
some who say, well, I have always been for R&D tax credits, and others who say, well, it has to do with the tax stuff in my State and all that. I appreciate that, and I respect your judgment on 
the bigger picture is our responsibility to the future. The chickens will come home to roost on this. We will have to pay. You know who is going to pay? Our children, their families, the Social Security system, and the rest. 
For that reason, I will not be supporting this, and I join our distinguished Whip HOYER in urging our colleagues to vote against it as well. I know it sounds good. But, as I said, it is a Trojan horse, and we should not be fooled. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), the House 
leader of the efforts to stop the medical device tax. 
Members, the United States is the only country in the world that lets important parts of its Tax Code expire each and every year, and we are changing that here today. This bipartisan tax package prioritizes permanent tax relief for families and businesses so that they can keep more of their own money, they can hire new workers, and they can invest in new equipment. 
medical device tax that has been in place, and it stops it for the next 2 years, a tax that has cost our economy jobs and has also reduced innovation. 
One small business I spoke with said it is pretty simple. Instead of having 10 projects, I will have 6, which means 2 fewer engineers and 2 fewer technicians. 
Another company I spoke to says, because it is a tax on sales and not on profit, they testified it is a 79 percent effective tax rate that they have. How can anyone justify a 79 percent effective tax rate? Another company said they are borrowing money from the bank every single month just to pay the tax in the hopes and taking the risk that they will actually become profitable. 
Jim, he told the story of losing his job at a medical device company that he had for 21 years. He was laid off. He eventually was rehired, but his job paid $40,000 less, his vacation time was halved, and his health costs skyrocketed. 
because we have fewer lifesaving and lifeimproving technologies here developed in the United States. 
our economy, and it gets us back on track with a progrowth Tax Code. I will say that our local businesses are really excited about ending the guessing game of 6month, 1year, retroactive tax policy and instead giving clarity, predictability, and certainty so they can invest in their people and they can invest in their equipment. 
have before us today is the universal legislator’s dilemma: the possible versus the perfect. 
today. I stand with President Obama in support of this legislation today. 
I rise to prevent 18 million Americans, including 8 million children, from falling deeper into poverty. 
I rise to ensure that, during this special time of the year, nonprofits will continue their important work to improve the lives of millions of Americans through charitable activity. 
economic development to rebuild, to rehab, and to refurbish our neighborhoods and our communities. 
I rise to incentivize American innovation and the millions of jobs that it creates. At this bill’s core is a modest progrowth jobs bill, one that, given the current headwinds of our economy, is sorely needed. 
I have spent the better part of my career in Congress as a champion of the earned income tax credit and expanding it, as a champion of the child tax credit and expanding it, as a champion of the lowincome housing tax credit and expanding it and the expansion of the New Markets Tax Credit Program, which my DNA clearly is on. 
a long way to toward improving the lives of millions of Americans across the country in our typically overlooked communities. 
This is not the easiest way to accomplish an end. We should be very critical of ourselves now for the backup manner in which we do these undertakings—voting on 12 legislative appropriations bills tomorrow wrapped into 1; tax policy that is done in this shape and manner. 
need to remind ourselves of: the breakdown of the committee structure in Congress. What has happened to the procedures that we all use to vet controversial legislation? Amendments could be offered and people could speak their minds. 
should have been vetted over the course of the last 3 years. I offer a gentle rebuke to my colleagues on the other side. Chairman Camp had the backbone to put out a decent piece of legislation. It didn’t mean we were going to embrace it or endorse it, but it was a courageous act, and it was his own side that shot it down. 
In Cambridge, Massachusetts, Kendall Square has the highest concentration of research and development today in the world. Making the R&D tax credit permanent is going to enhance that opportunity. I have worked on the R&D credit and pushed for a more aggressive, predictable R&D credit through my entire years in this Congress. 
today. It is far from it. But it represents a compromise or, as The New York Times called it, an acceptable compromise that is necessary to move the country forward. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge its adoption. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ), the former 
the chairman for yielding and for his hard work on this bill. 
talking about tax reform, and we are throwing around tax terms like built in gains, bonus depreciation, research and development, R&D, and on and on and on. 
the most part, don’t get all of that talk, but they do understand when we are talking about reducing their taxes, when we are creating an environment where businesses can thrive, where businesses can reinvest their capital back into their hard work, their small businesses, create jobs, sell their products, and hire more people. That is what this bill is about. 
Just three quick examples of constituencies that I am hearing from in my district: 
State. They really appreciate the fact that there is certainty now that they can deduct the amount of money they spend up to $500 on school equipment to help our children learn. Every year or 2 years we go through this exercise of deciding whether or not we are going to support our teachers. They have certainty. This is not about big businesses. These are teachers. 
Two, small businesses, S Corporations, can now with certainty have access to revenue. Rather than waiting 10 years, they can have it in 5. They can sell equipment that they had to sit on for 5 years or 7 years. Now they can sell that equipment and buy new equipment, creating more jobs and selling more products. 
Three, for Washington State especially, the permanency in sales tax is a big deal. The permanency in our ability in Washington State—I think one of seven States in this country—to deduct our sales tax from our Federal income tax creates certainty for every taxpaying citizen in Washington State. This is a big deal. 
are big deals for the average American across this country in Washington State and in the Eighth District of Washington State that I serve. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ), another distinguished 
nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget has said that, over two decades, this very bill will add 
kids to justify that $2 trillion in debt, understand that there is no poor child in America who will get a dime out of this bill next year. Their tax credits do not expire now. We have more than another year to resolve that matter. 
is about big gifts. Indeed, in the holiday spirit, the biggest bow of all has been put on a special gift for Wall Street. The world’s largest financial institutions, you know, the ones that brought America to its economic knees with the debacle over finances and then came forward and got a majority of this Congress—not me—to vote for a taxpayer bailout, well, they are back here again, and they are getting a reward. 
made permanent. It just happens to be a tax subsidy that was removed from our Tax Code originally in a bill that Ronald Reagan signed into law. When it got put back in on a temporary basis, Bill Clinton sought to veto the provision because it was so unjustified. 
This bill, this gift to Wall Street, costs $78 billion—not paid for—borrowed from the Saudis and from the Chinese to give Wall Street $78 billion, with a ‘‘B.’’ 
about the same amount is included in the bill this will be a part of. It funds all the medical research at the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control, all of Head Start across the country, and all of the education for the disabled and disadvantaged that is provided by the Federal Government. All of that combined is $78 billion. But you can be sure that Wall Street is never disabled or disadvantaged in the Capitol. 
subsidy is called the ‘‘active financing exception.’’ My, my, these bankers have been active here. They may have been very naughty to the American people. They may have been very naughty to the American economy. But they have been, oh, so nice to some Members of Congress. 
enablers are helping keep a provision in here that will only lead to shipping jobs overseas. They are borrowing from overseas to put this burden on the American people. This is the kind of provision that causes Americans to be so concerned about their government and a feeling that it has run away from them because these kinds of provisions are running away our debt and denying the support for Make It In America that we need. 
this package that will do so much harm to our country. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to include extraneous materials to the motion now under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
from Nebraska (Mr. S MITH), a big fighter for American agriculture who serves on the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his efforts on better tax policy. The U.S. Congress owes the American people better tax policy than we currently have. 
We currently have so many temporary provisions that so many Americans are wondering and trying to predict what the tax policy will be by the end of the year. That is not what we should be about. We should be about establishing permanent tax policy whenever we can. 
in today’s bill because I know a lot of work has gone into this. I know that constituents in Nebraska’s Third District can appreciate what permanent tax policy can deliver, especially as it sets us on a trajectory to comprehensive tax reform. 
comprehensive tax reform. I agree. This is a great way to move the ball down the field. We can end up with better tax policy today as a result of this legislation. I urge my colleagues to adopt this legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 15
remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 15 minutes remaining. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ), another distinguished member of our committee. 
Speaker, I stand today in support of many of the provisions that are in this bill. I, too, believe that we need to bring permanency to our tax policy. 
that we are debating today is one that is very near and dear to my heart, something I have worked on since the day I got to Congress, and that is the conservation easement provision, which has helped all of our districts a great deal. That, too, needs to be made permanent. 
But I stand in opposition to the overall bill. It is not because it is bad policy. We all agree that a lot of the provisions in this bill are good public policy. We should pass them. We should make them permanent. 
But, sadly, this bill is fiscally reckless. We are going to pass this policy, and we are going to send a nearly $700 billion bill on to the taxpayers of this country. In his comments, my friend, the gentleman from Louisiana, said that, for every piece of legislation in here, they have had hearings, they have had markups, and they have taken these to the floor. He is absolutely correct. 
make sure this bill is paid for. That is a responsibility that all of us should take seriously. We should not pass tax expenditures without paying for them. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ), a member of our committee who is a champion of the State and local sales tax deduction. 
today in strong support of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act, which includes a permanent extension of the sales tax deduction that is so critical for Tennessee. We are proud to be one of only nine States in the Union without an income tax on wages. 
deduct their State income tax on their Federal returns. It only makes sense that a similar deduction would be made available in States like mine that exercise our right not to pile on additional income tax on our own. 
As the only Member of the Committee on Ways and Means from the State of Tennessee, I was proud to work with Chairman Brady to ensure the inclusion of this muchneeded provision in today’s bill. I am also pleased that this legislation includes language to combat educational tax fraud. 
individuals claiming the American Opportunity Tax Credit provide the employer identification number of the educational institution they are attending, in turn, saving our tax system an estimated $837 million in fraudulent payments. 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
too, have been deeply concerned about the longterm trends of our failing to come forward with revenue to pay for America’s priorities. I found the Bush tax cuts a disaster. 
friends in Congress proposals to actually fund our priorities. I look forward to doing so again, either standalone or in the context of comprehensive tax reform. 
I am prepared, however, today to support the provisions before us. First of all, I think the cost ought to be put in perspective because these items are ones that have been routinely approved year in and year out, not particularly paid for, and they are ones that will be approved again. 
My friend, the distinguished minority whip, talked about it is better to do just 2 years. Doing it on an ongoing basis for 2 years continues to have the same cost, but provides uncertainty for 
here that we all worked on: wind, solar, new markets, short line, transit parity, CIDER Act. These are items people deserve to have some clarity on moving forward for numerous provisions that ultimately would pass, but we would hold people in suspense until the end. 
item here. My good friend from Texas said you don’t have to worry about the earned income tax credit or the child tax credit because they don’t expire until next year. 
that, if we followed that path and waited until 2017, not in the context of this total package, I think we are putting at risk significant tax relief for working, lowincome Americans and their families. 
price to be extracted from some in Congress who aren’t particularly supportive of this Democratic priority. It would put at risk the support for these 16 million Americans, half of whom are children, and 164,000 Oregonians. 
and making it permanent is a far superior approach to guarantee that. Then, by all means, let’s roll up our sleeves and work on the provisions together. There is going to be lots to argue about, but in the meantime, I feel comfortable supporting those priorities— and particularly for low and moderate income Americans. 
been a key leader of the Ways and Means Committee on manufacturing and energy. 
chairman for yielding, and I thank him for his hard work, as well as the folks on the other side of the aisle who have come together to support this legislation, as I do, today. 
across America deserve a fairer, simpler Tax Code, and one that allows them to keep more of their hardearned dollars. That is exactly why I support this legislation, as it is a step in the right direction along that path. 
legislation is it brings certainty to our manufacturers and the energy sector in regard to these provisions that are temporarily extended each and every year, as my colleagues have recognized over and over again, and now, to a large extent, we make permanent. That allows them to plan for tomorrow. That allows them to make the investments with their hardearned dollars in the places they choose to put that money. And they can rely on a Tax Code now that is certain, simpler, and fairer on their behalf. 
of people in our bill, the Mortgage Forgiveness Act and the America Gives More Act, where we talk about charitable donation of food inventories. 
That is the right policy for the American people. That is the right policy for hardworking taxpayers across America. And I am glad that we have on the floor today an opportunity to demonstrate to hardworking taxpayers that we care about them and that we are going to put their interests first and foremost, rather than those of Washington, D.C., and of the elected officials here. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), another key 
member of our committee, who brings such local business sense to the issue of taxes. 
This is one of the things that I think really makes us a little bit different. It is about certainty. And where I am from, there is an old saying: If you don’t know where you are going, any road will get you there. Well, people who run businesses actually have to know where they are going before they start. So this does bring some honesty to what it is that we need to do. 
‘‘I’’ and ‘‘me’’—and that is what I hear most of the time—I want to talk about all the other people: the ‘‘we’s’’ that got together. This is truly a joint effort between a lot of staff members. It is not just Members of Congress, but staff members. 
So, if I could just for a second thank 
the committee’s tax team: George Callas, Mark Warren, Harold Hancock, John Sandell, Aharon Friedman, and Jennifer Acuna. They have put in unbelievable amounts of time on this to get this done not for the Republican Party, but for the American people. How refreshing it is at this time of the year to actually give back and do something for others—and do it in a way that just makes common sense to everybody out there who has to know where it is that they are going. 
that gives us the confidence to go forward and that gives us that assuredness that we can actually get there. This is an incredible opportunity. This is really historic. 
sides. I think the American people will sit back and say: This is the place where these guys and girls can’t get together on anything. I would just say that is not true. This is truly bipartisan. It has taken an awful lot of work by an awful lot of people. So I want to take time to thank them for what they did. They are incredible people and great patriots. 
minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND), another distinguished member of our committee. 
yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am all for certainty. I 
am all for predictability. I am all for a lot of the policy initiatives that are contained in this legislation before us. But what I am not in favor of is the fact that this $700 billion bill is not paid for. Not a nickle of it is offset. 
When I go home to Wisconsin, I constantly hear from folks back home for Congress to pay our bills and to get our fiscal house in order. This legislation doesn’t do it. It is $700 billion over the first 10 years. It explodes to $2 trillion in the second 10 years. 
the longterm success of Social Security and Medicaid or our children’s future than these endoftheyear, large tax cut packages that are not paid for and that are not offset. 
be doing this within the context of comprehensive reform. I submit that by going forward and making permanent many of these provisions in the legislation today, it takes the wind out of the sails of tax reform in the future. 
There has been an implicit agreement when we do comprehensive reform that we are going to do it in a way that builds in certainty, encourages investments, makes us more competitive globally, but we don’t blow a hole in the deficit and our children’s future at the same time. Chairman Camp recognized that with the discussion draft. He made hard choices to pay for the lowering of rates and the broadening of the base. We are ducking that responsibility here today. 
deficit reduction commission that has been asked to try to come up with a plan to get our fiscal house in order has reached the same conclusion: We are going to need some additional revenue in the future and longterm spending reforms in order to accomplish it. This legislation fails on both of those fronts. 
to vote ‘‘no’’ on this legislation. We can continue temporarily to extend many of these important provisions today, but let’s keep the pressure on comprehensive reform. By doing this now, I submit that we are punting on the opportunity in the very short future to take on a Tax Code that has been long overdue for reform since 1987. 
from Ohio (Mr. R ENACCI ), a key member of our committee who has extensive business experience. 
to thank the chairman and his staff for their hard work. 
of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act, or the PATH Act. 
owner and CPA to reform our broken Tax Code and protect hardworking American taxpayers. Many of those taxpayers come to my office on an annual basis, looking at many of these 
extenders and not really understanding whether they were permanent or not permanent, whether they had them or would have the opportunity to use these credits. This package here makes many of those credits permanent. 
step forward in allowing us to reform our broken Tax Code. This legislation will make several tax policies permanent, such as the R&D credit and small business expensing. It will provide certainty and predictability to our businesses and individuals. And most importantly, it will help open the door to economic growth. 
This legislation also removes unnecessary tax compliance burdens. The PATH Act includes a bill I introduced with many of my colleagues, including many on the Bipartisan Working Group that I formed many years ago. The Information Reporting Simplification Act of 2015 is in the bill. This bipartisan, commonsense legislation provides a safe harbor to eliminate the need to correct minor errors on tax forms that have de minimis impact on the tax liability outcome, and helps avoid the waste in time and dollars for businesses and individuals that would otherwise have to refile their tax returns. 
Mr. Speaker, the PATH Act is an important first step in fixing our Tax Code, and I urge my colleagues to join me in support. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. BECERRA ). 
Americans who might like the tax break here for corporations or the tax break there for wealthy folks who want to donate some of their IRA. But for the 320 million Americans in the country, and particularly for the 147 million Americans who file Federal tax returns, my guess is they are more concerned about their security and that of their children—their personal security, our national security, and our economic security. 
Springs, Charleston, and Newtown, where Americans were senselessly gunned down in our schools, at work, and in our places of worship, the American people want job one of this Congress to be security—personal, national, and economic. 
were terrorized and 14 of them killed in San Bernardino, would we make this 
massive, $600 billion tax break giveaway and charge it to the government credit card—because remember, it is not paid for—the first major legislation to come before this House for a vote? 
important work keeping us safe, tracking down terrorists. We all agree that they need to do more. So why would we be voting for this bill, which will rob funding for everything from the FBI to food safety to college Pell grants? 
FBI for the next 73 years—because, remember, these tax breaks are not paid for. We have got to pay for them somehow. If you were to add up the cost of this tax break bill, it could fund the FBI for 73 years. And why would we use the credit card for people who can give up their IRAs, when most Americans can’t even put enough money into one basic IRA? 
the American people’s priorities. We can do this right. We can reform the Tax Code. But this is not the reform that the American people are asking us for. They are asking us, first and foremost, to keep our eye on the prize: our security, my kids’ security, your kids’ security, our national security, and our economic security. 
You give away this money to corporations, you give it away to wealthy folks, and guess what? Can that person who has to think about the job and worry whether he or she is safe at the job or their kids are safe at school or can you go worship safely, are they going to be able to send their kids to college, buy that home, and retire in security? Think about it. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ), a member of the Ways and Means Committee who has focused on making companies competitive here and around the world. 
PATH Act will provide muchneeded certainty to our Nation’s families and small businesses and, most importantly, lay the foundation for comprehensive tax reform. 
For far too long, folks in North Carolina had to face the burden of trying to grow their businesses and plan for the future while being forced to operate under a tax system comprised of temporary tax provisions whose fate is unpredictable. 
will be able to purchase a new tractor without having to gamble on whether Congress will extend the expensing provisions they depend on. In the Research Triangle Park, innovative companies will finally be able to access the R&D credit to further support their groundbreaking research without being concerned as to whether Congress will extend the credit or not. 
Mr. Speaker, importantly, it is imperative that we continue to build on this progress. This bill is an important first step towards comprehensive tax reform that simplifies the Tax Code, lowers the rate, and makes America competitive around the world. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), a distinguished 
member of our committee. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, let’s 
cut to the chase. I support this legislation. It wasn’t an easy decision, but I believe that Democrats were able to get a lot of policies into the bill that are good for the middle class. It is going to help 16 million Americans out of poverty. 
219,000 families will lose some or all of their working family tax credits if we don’t do this. 
This package includes a bill introduced by my friend from New York, TOMREED, and myself to help put people back to work. Our tax credit for businesses who hire longterm unemployed Americans—and we have abandoned them, let’s face it—will help those families who haven’t yet felt the effects of our economic recovery. 
authored supports our Nation’s hardworking teachers. You heard him speak about it just several minutes ago. 
Both of these bills are part of the tax 
package before us today. And as the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) said, these things pass routinely anyway. 
enemy of the good is the perfect. Over and over and again we prove that here on this floor. 
An important provision allowing public safety officers to withdraw from their pensions when they retire early without a tax penalty is included in this package. 
mass transit commuters, small businesses, lowincome housing, families paying for college, economic development. 
child tax credit are our biggest forces against poverty in this country, in this Nation. I can’t say enough about the significance of making these enhanced credits permanent. 
But when faced with the choice between these important priorities for families, for teachers, for public safety officers, I simply can’t, in good conscience, vote against them to prove a point that not everything is in there, including the kitchen sink. The bill is far from perfect. 
think this has been a civil debate, and that is healthy for us, all of us, regardless of what happens in the vote. 
our committee who has focused on working families in Illinois. 
bill. Frankly, as a smallbusiness owner, when I came to Congress, it was largely because I felt the government was making it harder and harder for me to put the key in the door and open up my small business each and every day. They should be making it easier 
for me to open up my business, easier for me to hire that next individual. 
every day, that they need more certainty. If they had the certainty, they would be able to move forward. Instead, they sit on their hands. 
on today, what a difference a year makes. A year ago this December, we were extending these tax extenders, and we made it for 1 year, which was retroactive. My goodness gracious, retroactive tax policy. I can’t imagine anything so asinine. This package today, this historic package, talks about making many of these provisions permanent. 
talk about innovation, we want to talk about moving our country forward and being on the leading edge, this R&D tax credit is absolutely vital for small businesses that want to expense equipment. We make that permanent. It is absolutely vital that we are jump starting our economy and growing more American jobs. 
But it is not just for the businesses in 
here. We are also protecting families. We are also helping families pay for higher education. 
giving. Now listen. There are some that say the government should be the one that determines where these dollars go, but I would argue for putting that choice into the hands of the American people as to where they can put those dollars into the charitable organizations that they care about. Those dollars will go so much further. 
legislation that the American people not only want, but expect, from this body. 
things in this package: transit parity, development for affordable housing. 
I urge my colleagues to come together in a bipartisan way and resoundingly pass this package. 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), another very active member of our committee. 
Speaker, I have been told that all that glitters is not gold. There isn’t much that is absolutely perfect, and this extender package certainly is not. 
does make the child tax credit permanent, the American opportunity tax credit permanent, the earned income tax credit permanent, extends deductions for expenses for elementary and secondary schoolteachers, extends deductions for State and local general sales tax, extends deductions for certain charitable giving, and extends deductions for research activities, which helps to create jobs. 
beneficial to districts like mine all over the country, and I am indeed pleased to see it extended. 
godsend for longterm unemployed. I have worked on an issue called Work Colleges, and I am pleased to note the exemption for students who work under this provision. 
I am also pleased to note the elimination of residency requirements for disabled individuals who are eligible for the ABLE program. I am also pleased to note the exclusion for wrongfully incarcerated individuals. 
good. I am not sure that they are going to do enough. They are not paid for, and I am not sure that they are going to do as much for low and moderate income families and communities as I had hoped, or for job creation or for disadvantaged areas. I am convinced that they will do good, but I am not sure that they will do enough. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ), one of the 
members of the Ways and Means Committee focused on small businesses and on ending this medical device tax. 
really, through the people that I represent. I try to think about: How does it make a difference in their lives? 
job. And we see that jobs are created by small business, and this is the kind of a program which we have now given certainty to the entrepreneurs that will create new jobs and, therefore, new revenue by somebody who is back to work. 
money out of their own pocket. It is not a big dollar amount, but we say thank you for making your commitment to our children. 
conservation easement that will allow us to preserve the beauty, particularly in areas in which open space continues to be an issue. 
But I think it is in the issue of health 
care, families struggling with diseases, that now we incent the kind of research and development to make a change; and then, ultimately, when we do have the products that we can bring to market, we are not taxing them and driving them further away from the consumer. 
difference to the people in a positive way, and that is why I urge my colleagues to be supportive. 
member, the leader of our Oversight Subcommittee who authored many of the IRS reforms that are in this bill. 
false impression, and they sent letters to donors that had a chilling effect and said: We know that you made this contribution, but we think we may have a tax liability for you there. You can imagine how this had a shuddering effect all throughout these areas. And lest people think that this is a left right issue, it is not. Left and right were both under a great deal of threat here. 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ), who has been a key proponent of tax relief for families and small businesses. 
of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act. There are many great pieces of this bill, but I want to highlight two in particular that will help Indiana’s economy. 
For decades, the research and development tax credit has relied on short term extensions, leaving innovators in complete limbo. Today, we are making it permanent, giving innovative industry the confidence to make investments here in the United States. Indiana is also home to 300 medical device companies, employing over 20,000 people, and stands to benefit greatly from this certainty. 
delaying the damaging medical device tax for 2 years. This misguided tax will cost jobs, harm patients, and I look forward to the day that we can fully repeal it. 
but today we have an opportunity to give certainty to individuals, to families, charities, and job creators, and we can take another step forward toward comprehensive tax reform. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ), who is a 
a fiscal hawk. I rise as one who believes passionately in the issue of the debt 
and the deficit and government spending, but one who believes that we can’t pretend our way to fixing those problems and that the first part of fixing a problem lies in actually recognizing that you have a problem. Yet the reality is that, for the last 30 years or so, we have pretended that which was permanent was impermanent, which makes, overall, this notion of tax reform incredibly difficult. 
the closest thing to eternal life was a government program. It is true with regard to tax policy as well. 
the way that they have moved us to a place where we can move to a fair tax, a flat tax, changing the Tax Code to make the system fairer and flatter, more equitable for all and then, frankly, get rid of some of the provisions that don’t belong in this Tax Code. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
added to the deficit, and when you include interest on the deficit, far more. No hard choices. We are making a bad choice. 
about certainty. What is certain with this bill is that it will lead to further starving what the Republicans call the beast: adequate domestic spending for education, for health, for job training, for nutrition programs. 
going to make it easier for Republicans to cut taxes for the very wealthy. 
major purposes of all these bills making permanent unpaidfor tax cuts. It is also certain with this bill that we will keep loopholes that need to be closed. 
I think the cost is much too high. There are some important provisions here, but their significance I think is really overwhelmed by the fact that we are going to add money to the deficit and have consequences for the long term. 
the Ways and Means members who have for years and years worked on making these important tax relief provisions permanent and who have continued with me to stay at the table to work through an agreement that finally provides tax relief that families and businesses can count on. 
possible without an extremely talented professional staff. Our tax team, led by Mr. George Callas, did remarkable work in crafting this tax relief permanent measure. For that I say thank you. 
end business as usual in Congress, and we take an important first step to progrowth tax reform. This bill provides tax relief families and businesses can finally count on. It reins in the IRS and protects taxpayers. It includes the first significant antifraud provisions in the IRS tax credit program since the 1990s. It finally creates true, honest accounting of our Tax Code. 
spend each year as Congress lurches December to December trying to decide what is permanent, what is temporary, and what can people count on. Today we heard arguments that these tax savings advance terrorism, starve children, and are apparently responsible for the breakup of the Beatles. 
Speaker, extending these provisions year by year is no less—the math is no different than simply acknowledging that it is going to be done and doing it permanently so that we can actually create tax relief our families and businesses can count on. 
tax reform. This is a serious first step to progrowth tax reform that is built for growth, built for the growth for families’ paychecks, built for the growth of our local businesses, and built for the growth of America. 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a number of the policies included in the PATH Act, but in opposition to fully paying for it. 
corporation recognition period for builtin gains tax. I appreciate the dedication of my partners across the aisle to working with me to see these proposals over the finish line and signed into law. 
Within the PATH Act, I am pleased that the 
50,000 families in my district who receive the Child Tax Credit and the 40,000 who benefit from the Earned Income Tax Credit will be able to count on these benefits in the years to come. Many new provisions in this package are important to me and our communities, including my bill with Congresswoman JENKINS  
and extensions across the country invest in cutting edge 21st century agricultural research. Finally, I am glad to see that legislation I worked on with Congressman PAULSEN  to remove bond requirements for craft beverages is included in the PATH Act. 
Medical Innovation Act that repeals the device tax, I have been, and continue to be, strongly supportive of repealing the medical device tax. The medical device industry is one of the most innovative and creative in the U.S. economy today. Some of the greatest cost savings we’ve seen in the health care system have come through technological breakthroughs in the medical device and biotechnology industries. I fought against including the medical device tax during debate on the ACA and remain opposed to it now, but I am also committed to fiscal responsibility. 
of my bills and proposals, I will be voting against the bill on the floor today. Without offsets, these provisions will cause our deficits to explode. Tax cuts do not pay for themselves, as Republican CPO Director Keith Hall reminded us just this summer. This bill makes comprehensive tax reform even more difficult by narrowing the base and eliminating options. The United States needs comprehensive tax reform that broadens the tax base while lowering rates on businesses and families. The PATH Act narrows that base, and makes no effort to remove any wasteful provisions. This package, while commendable for many of its policy goals, will fuel unsustainable deficit growth and I must oppose the package on these grounds. In the future, I look forward to working on bipartisan tax reform that promotes both a better business climate and supports the middle class. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the PATH Act. This bill does take some good steps, but the failure to close special interest tax loopholes to offset permanent businesses tax provisions leads to a massive loss in federal revenue, and proves once again that Republicans are committed to using accounting gimmicks that would make Enron blush. 
This bill does include extension of some important enhancements to the EITC, Child Tax Credit, and American Opportunity Tax Credit. These are vital prowork, profamily income supports, and making the enhancements permanent will help tens of millions of Americans. 
provisions is a positive first step, this bill stopped short of doing more for working families. The child tax credit did not get indexed, so will not rise with the cost of living. Each year, the credit loses value in real dollars, making it harder and harder for lowincome families. There is also bipartisan agreement that the EITC for childless workers is far too low, and yet the EITC for childless workers was left out of the PATH Act. I believe not taking these steps today is a missed opportunity. 
The unpaidfor tax cuts in the PATH Act are 
also more proof that the Republicans’ claims of fiscal discipline are at best gimmicks, and at worst outright fabrications. Between the PATH Act and the tax provisions in the omnibus spending bill, federal revenue is being reduced by $680 billion over the next ten years. 
won’t say it, I will remind everyone of one key fact—when Republicans passed their budget and claimed that it would balance in ten years, they relied on every single dollar of revenue that is being cut today. Let me repeat that, so it is very clear. Every. Single. Dollar. The Republican budget never really balanced in 
does not do: it does not close the loophole giving a lower tax rate to hedge funds managers; it does not close the inversion loophole allowing companies to dodge their taxes just by changing their mailing address; it does not end all the tax subsidies for the oil and gas industry; and it does not touch the 17% of all tax expenditures that go to the top 1% of earners. We could have significantly reduced the lost revenue if we closed these and other special interest tax loopholes, and failure to do so is another missed opportunity. 
claiming that they care about fiscal discipline, let’s all be reminded of just what happened today—more budget gimmickry that doesn’t pass the smell test. 
the previous question is ordered on this portion of the divided question. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 318, nays 109, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Cleaver 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) 
Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott 
Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Bass Becerra Beyer Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Collins (NY) Conyers Cooper Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Hastings Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kelly (IL) Kind Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 234, noes 155, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 42, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Cicilline Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cohen Cole Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Cramer Crenshaw Culberson 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Goodlatte Graham Granger Grayson Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper 
Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Hinojosa Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Israel Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta 
Lawrence Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Newhouse Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey 
Price (NC) Rangel Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier 
Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takano Thornberry Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Veasey Vela Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Amash Babin Bass Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (MI) Blum Bost Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Collins (GA) Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeSaulnier Dold Duckworth Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Foxx Fudge Gibson Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene 
Hanna Hartzler Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Keating Kelly (IL) Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Lance Lee Levin Lewis LoBiondo Lowey MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McDermott McGovern McKinley Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Moore Mulvaney Napolitano Neugebauer Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone 
Paulsen Pelosi Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) RosLehtinen Rouzer RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Schiff Sewell (AL) Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Turner Valadao Vargas Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walker Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (MO) Grijalva Harris Hastings Hurt (VA) Jackson Lee 
Johnson (OH) Joyce Kennedy Kildee Labrador Lieu, Ted Loudermilk Lujan Grisham 
Pascrell Pearce Pitts Quigley Sarbanes Sires Takai Wagner Wenstrup 
Stated for: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for rollcall vote No. 704, a recorded vote on the Approval of the Journal. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
December 17th, I am not recorded on any votes because I was absent due to a death in the family. 
If I had been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 701, on ordering the previous question on the Rule; ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall 702, on agreeing to H. Res. 566—Rule providing for consideration of Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2029 with House Amendment #1—Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 and Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2029 with House Amendment #2—‘‘Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015’’; ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 703, on Concuring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2029 with House Amendment #2—‘‘Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015’’; ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 704, on approving the Journal. 
SUBMISSION OF MATERIAL EXPLANATORY OF AMENDMENT NO. 1 OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO THE AMENDMENT OF THE SENATE TO H.R. 2029 
Pursuant to section 5 of House Resolution 566, the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations submitted explanatory material relating to amendment No. 1 of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2029. The contents of this submission will be published in Book II of this RECORD . 
XIX, further consideration of the motion to concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with amendments will now resume. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of House amendment No. 1 
to the Senate amendment to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate amendment, insert the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
The table of contents of this Act is as follows: 
DIVISION A—AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Title II—Conservation Programs Title III—Rural Development Programs Title IV—Domestic Food Programs Title V—Foreign Assistance and Related 
Title II—Department of Justice Title III—Science Title IV—Related Agencies Title V—General Provisions 
Title II—Operation and Maintenance Title III—Procurement Title IV—Research, Development, Test and 
Title V—Revolving and Management Funds Title VI—Other Department of Defense Programs 
Title VII—Related Agencies Title VIII—General Provisions Title IX—Overseas Contingency Operations/ 
DIVISION D—ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Title II—Department of the Interior Title III—Department of Energy Title IV—Independent Agencies Title V—General Provisions 
Title III—The Judiciary Title IV—District of Columbia Title V—Independent Agencies Title VI—General Provisions—This Act Title VII—General Provisions—Government 
Title V—General Provisions DIVISION G—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Title II—Environmental Protection Agency Title III—Related Agencies Title IV—General Provisions 
HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Title III—Department of Education Title IV—Related Agencies Title V—General Provisions 
AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Title II—Department of Veterans Affairs Title III—Related Agencies Title IV—General Provisions 
Title III—Bilateral Economic Assistance Title IV—International Security Assistance Title V—Multilateral Assistance Title VI—Export and Investment Assistance Title VII—General Provisions Title VIII—Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism 
DIVISION L—TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division of this Act shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of that division. 
Act, printed in the House of Representatives section of the Congressional Record on or about December 17, 2015 by the Chairman of the Committee on Appropriations of the House, shall have the same effect with respect to the allocation of funds and implementation of divisions A through L of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. 
The following sums in this Act are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 
Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to 
‘‘Making continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes.’’; 
A—TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 ’’; 
statement of appropriations) the following: ‘‘DIVISION B—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION, 2016 ’’; and 
151. Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference in this division to ‘this Act’ shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division.’’. 
DIVISION A—AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Secretary, $45,555,000, of which not to exceed $5,051,000 shall be available for the immediate Office of the Secretary, of which not to exceed $250,000 shall be available for the Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison; not to exceed $502,000 shall be available for the Office of Tribal Relations; not to exceed $1,496,000 shall be available for the Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Coordination; not to exceed $1,209,000 shall be available for the Office of Advocacy and Outreach; not to exceed $25,928,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration, of which $25,124,000 shall be available for Departmental Administration to provide for necessary expenses for management support services to offices of the Department and for general administration, security, repairs and alterations, and other miscellaneous supplies and expenses not otherwise provided for and necessary for the practical and efficient work of the Department; not to exceed $3,869,000 shall be available for the Office of Assistant Secretary for Congressional Relations to carry out the 
programs funded by this Act, including programs involving intergovernmental affairs and liaison within the executive branch; and not to exceed $7,500,000 shall be available for the Office of Communications: Provided , 
That the Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to transfer funds appropriated for any office of the Office of the Secretary to any other office of the Office of the Secretary: Provided further , That no appropriation for 
any office shall be increased or decreased by more than 5 percent: Provided further , That 
not to exceed $11,000 of the amount made available under this paragraph for the immediate Office of the Secretary shall be available for official reception and representation expenses, not otherwise provided for, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further , 
That the amount made available under this heading for Departmental Administration shall be reimbursed from applicable appropriations in this Act for travel expenses incident to the holding of hearings as required by 5 U.S.C. 551–558: Provided further , That 
funds made available under this heading for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Congressional Relations may be transferred to agencies of the Department of Agriculture funded by this Act to maintain personnel at the agency level: Provided further , That no 
funds made available under this heading for the Office of Assistant Secretary for Congressional Relations may be obligated after 30 days from the date of enactment of this Act, unless the Secretary has notified the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress on the allocation of these funds by USDA agency: Provided further , 
Chief Economist, $17,777,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be for grants or cooperative agreements for policy research under 7 U.S.C. 3155, and of which $1,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for the purpose set forth under this heading in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of the consolidated Act). 
For necessary expenses of the National Appeals Division, $13,317,000. 
Chief Information Officer, $44,538,000, of which not less than $28,000,000 is for cybersecurity requirements of the Department. 
costs pursuant to Public Law 92–313, including authorities pursuant to the 1984 delegation of authority from the Administrator of General Services to the Department of Agriculture under 40 U.S.C. 121, for programs and 
activities of the Department which are included in this Act, and for alterations and other actions needed for the Department and its agencies to consolidate unneeded space into configurations suitable for release to the Administrator of General Services, and for the operation, maintenance, improvement, and repair of Agriculture buildings and facilities, and for related costs, $64,189,000, to remain available until expended, for buildings operations and maintenance expenses: Provided , That the Secretary 
may use unobligated prior year balances of an agency or office that are no longer available for new obligation to cover shortfalls incurred in prior or current year rental payments for such agency or office. 
of Agriculture, to comply with the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), $3,618,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That appropriations and 
funds available herein to the Department for Hazardous Materials Management may be transferred to any agency of the Department for its use in meeting all requirements pursuant to the above Acts on Federal and non Federal lands. 
For necessary expenses of the National Agricultural Statistics Service, $168,443,000, of which up to $42,177,000 shall be available until expended for the Census of Agriculture: Provided , That amounts made available for 
Research Service and for acquisition of lands by donation, exchange, or purchase at a nominal cost not to exceed $100, and for land exchanges where the lands exchanged shall be of equal value or shall be equalized by a payment of money to the grantor which shall not exceed 25 percent of the total value of the land or interests transferred out of 
That appropriations hereunder shall be available for the operation and maintenance of aircraft and the purchase of not to exceed one for replacement only: Provided further , 
That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250 for the construction, alteration, and repair of buildings and improvements, but unless otherwise provided, the cost of constructing any one building shall not exceed $375,000, except for headhouses or greenhouses which shall each be limited to $1,200,000, and except for 10 buildings to be constructed or improved at a cost not to exceed $750,000 each, and the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building or $375,000, whichever is greater: Provided further, That the limitations on alterations contained in this Act shall not apply to modernization or replacement of existing facilities at Beltsville, Maryland: Provided further , 
That appropriations hereunder shall be available for granting easements at the Beltsville Agricultural Research Center: Provided further , That the foregoing limitations 
shall not apply to replacement of buildings needed to carry out the Act of April 24, 1948 (21 U.S.C. 113a): Provided further , That appropriations hereunder shall be available for granting easements at any Agricultural Research Service location for the construction of a research facility by a nonFederal entity for use by, and acceptable to, the Agricultural Research Service and a condition of the easements shall be that upon completion the facility shall be accepted by the Secretary, subject to the availability of funds herein, if the Secretary finds that acceptance of the facility is in the interest of the United States: Provided further , That funds may be 
received from any State, other political subdivision, organization, or individual for the purpose of establishing or operating any research facility or research project of the Agricultural Research Service, as authorized by law: Provided further , That of the appropriations hereunder, $57,192,000 may not be obligated until 30 days after the Secretary of Agriculture certifies in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress that the Agricultural Research Service has updated its animal care policies and that all Agricultural Research Service research facilities at which animal research is conducted have a fully functioning Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee, including all appropriate and necessary record keeping: Provided further , That such 
certification shall set forth in detail the factual basis for the certification and the Department’s plan for ensuring these changes are maintained in the future: Provided further, That such certification shall be subject 
to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
repair, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities as necessary to carry out the agricultural research programs of the Department of Agriculture, where not otherwise provided, $212,101,000 to remain available until expended. 
stations, for cooperative forestry and other research, for facilities, and for other expenses, $819,685,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Research and Education Activities’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided , That funds for research grants for 1994 
institutions, education grants for 1890 institutions, capacity building for nonlandgrant colleges of agriculture, the agriculture and food research initiative, veterinary medicine loan repayment, multicultural scholars, graduate fellowship and institution challenge grants, and grants management systems shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That each institution eligible to receive funds under the EvansAllen program receives no less than $1,000,000: Provided further, That funds for education grants 
for Alaska Native and Native Hawaiianserving institutions be made available to individual eligible institutions or consortia of eligible institutions with funds awarded equally to each of the States of Alaska and Hawaii: Provided further, That funds for education grants for 1890 institutions shall be made available to institutions eligible to receive funds under 7 U.S.C. 3221 and 3222: Provided further , That not more than 5 percent 
For the Native American Institutions Endowment Fund authorized by Public Law 103–382 (7 U.S.C. 301 note), $11,880,000, to remain available until expended. 
For payments to States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, Micronesia, the Northern Marianas, and American Samoa, $475,891,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Extension Activities’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided , That funds for facility improvements at 1890 institutions shall remain available until expended: Provided further, 
That institutions eligible to receive funds under 7 U.S.C. 3221 for cooperative extension receive no less than $1,000,000: Provided further, That funds for cooperative extension 
and extension grants programs, including necessary administrative expenses, $30,900,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Integrated Activities’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided , That funds for the 
Food and Agriculture Defense Initiative shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further , That notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, indirect costs shall not be charged against any Extension Implementation Program Area grant awarded under the Crop Protection/Pest Management Program (7 U.S.C. 7626). 
Under Secretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs, $893,000. ANIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH INSPECTION  
Plant Health Inspection Service, including up to $30,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4085), $894,415,000, of which $470,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available for the control of outbreaks of insects, plant diseases, animal diseases and for control of pest animals and birds (‘‘contingency fund’’) to the extent necessary to meet emergency conditions; of which $11,520,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used for the cotton pests program for cost share purposes or for debt retirement for active eradication zones; of which $35,339,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for Animal Health Technical Services; of which $697,000 shall be for activities under the authority of the Horse Protection Act of 1970, as amended (15 U.S.C. 1831); of which $55,340,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used to support avian health; of which $4,251,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for information technology infrastructure; of which $158,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for specialty crop pests; of which, $8,826,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for field crop and rangeland ecosystem pests; of which $54,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for tree and wood pests; of which $3,973,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the National Veterinary Stockpile; of which up to $1,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the scrapie program for indemnities; of which $2,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the wildlife damage management program for aviation safety: Provided , That of amounts 
available under this heading for wildlife services methods development, $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That of amounts available 
under this heading for the screwworm program, $4,990,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That no funds 
shall be used to formulate or administer a brucellosis eradication program for the current fiscal year that does not require minimum matching by the States of at least 40 percent: Provided further , That this appropriation shall be available for the operation and maintenance of aircraft and the purchase of not to exceed five, of which two shall be for replacement only: Provided further, That in addition, in emergencies which 
threaten any segment of the agricultural production industry of this country, the Secretary may transfer from other appropriations or funds available to the agencies or corporations of the Department such sums as may be deemed necessary, to be available only in such emergencies for the arrest and eradication of contagious or infectious disease or pests of animals, poultry, or plants, and for expenses in accordance with sections 10411 and 10417 of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8310 and 8316) and sections 431 and 442 of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7751 and 7772), and any unexpended balances of funds transferred for such emergency purposes in the preceding fiscal year shall be merged with such transferred amounts: Provided further , That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the repair and alteration of leased buildings and improvements, but unless otherwise provided the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. 
to collect fees to cover the total costs of providing technical assistance, goods, or services requested by States, other political subdivisions, domestic and international organizations, foreign governments, or individuals, provided that such fees are structured such that any entity’s liability for such fees is reasonably based on the technical assistance, goods, or services provided to the entity by the agency, and such fees shall be reimbursed to this account, to remain available until expended, without further appropriation, for providing such assistance, goods, or services. 
maintenance, environmental support, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities, as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 2250, and acquisition of land as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 428a, $3,175,000, to remain available until expended. 
this appropriation shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the alteration and repair of buildings and improvements, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. 
Fees may be collected for the cost of standardization activities, as established by regulation pursuant to law (31 U.S.C. 9701). 
Not to exceed $60,982,000 (from fees collected) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for administrative expenses: Provided , That if crop size is understated and/or 
other uncontrollable events occur, the agency may exceed this limitation by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
For necessary expenses of the Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration, $43,057,000: Provided , That this appropriation shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the alteration and repair of buildings and improvements, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. 
Not to exceed $55,000,000 (from fees collected) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for inspection and weighing services: Provided , That if grain export activities 
require additional supervision and oversight, or other uncontrollable factors occur, this limitation may be exceeded by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
For necessary expenses to carry out services authorized by the Federal Meat Inspection Act, the Poultry Products Inspection Act, and the Egg Products Inspection Act, including not to exceed $50,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to section 8 of the Act approved August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 1766), $1,014,871,000; and in addition, $1,000,000 may be credited to this account from fees collected for the cost of laboratory accreditation as authorized by section 1327 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 138f): Provided , That funds provided for the Public 
Health Data Communication Infrastructure system shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That no fewer than 
148 fulltime equivalent positions shall be employed during fiscal year 2016 for purposes dedicated solely to inspections and enforcement related to the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act: Provided further , That the 
Food Safety and Inspection Service shall continue implementation of section 11016 of Public Law 110–246 as further clarified by the amendments made in section 12106 of Public Law 113–79: Provided further , That this appropriation shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the alteration and repair of buildings and improvements, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. 
Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services, $898,000. 
For necessary expenses of the Farm Service Agency, $1,200,180,000: Provided , That not 
That the Secretary is authorized to use the services, facilities, and authorities (but not the funds) of the Commodity Credit Corporation to make program payments for all programs administered by the Agency: Provided 
the Agency for authorized activities may be advanced to and merged with this account: Provided further , That funds made available 
to county committees shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That none 
of the funds available to the Farm Service Agency shall be used to close Farm Service Agency county offices: Provided further , That 
none of the funds available to the Farm Service Agency shall be used to permanently relocate county based employees that would result in an office with two or fewer employees without prior notification and approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
Agricultural Credit Act of 1987, as amended (7 U.S.C. 5101–5106), $3,404,000. 
For necessary expenses to carry out wellhead or groundwater protection activities under section 1240O of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–2), $6,500,000, to remain available until expended. 
indemnity payments to dairy farmers and manufacturers of dairy products under a dairy indemnity program, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such program is carried out by the Secretary in the same manner as the dairy indemnity program described in the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–387, 114 Stat. 1549A–12). 
amount of direct and guaranteed farm ownership (7 U.S.C. 1922 et seq.) and operating (7 U.S.C. 1941 et seq.) loans, emergency loans (7 U.S.C. 1961 et seq.), Indian tribe land acquisition loans (25 U.S.C. 488), boll weevil loans (7 U.S.C. 1989), guaranteed conservation loans (7 U.S.C. 1924 et seq.), and Indian highly fractionated land loans (25 U.S.C. 488) to be available from funds in the Agricultural Credit Insurance Fund, as follows: $2,000,000,000 for guaranteed farm ownership loans and $1,500,000,000 for farm ownership direct loans; $1,393,443,000 for unsubsidized guaranteed operating loans and $1,252,004,000 for direct operating loans; emergency loans, $34,667,000; Indian tribe land acquisition loans, $2,000,000; guaranteed conservation loans, $150,000,000; Indian highly fractionated land loans, $10,000,000; and for boll weevil eradication program loans, $60,000,000: Provided , That the Secretary shall deem the 
pink bollworm to be a boll weevil for the 
and grants, including the cost of modifying loans as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as follows: farm operating loans, $53,961,000 for direct operating loans, $14,352,000 for unsubsidized guaranteed operating loans, and emergency loans, $1,262,000, to remain available until expended. 
necessary to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $314,918,000, of which $306,998,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
Funds appropriated by this Act to the Agricultural Credit Insurance Program Account for farm ownership, operating and conservation direct loans and guaranteed loans may be transferred among these programs: Provided , That the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 
For necessary expenses of the Risk Management Agency, $74,829,000: Provided , That 
are hereby authorized to make expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to each such corporation or agency and in accord with law, and to make contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 104 of the Government Corporation Control Act as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation or agency, except as hereinafter provided. 
of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1516), such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended. 
may be necessary to reimburse the Commodity Credit Corporation for net realized losses sustained, but not previously reimbursed, pursuant to section 2 of the Act of August 17, 1961 (15 U.S.C. 713a–11): Provided , 
That of the funds available to the Commodity Credit Corporation under section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act (15 U.S.C. 714i) for the conduct of its business with the Foreign Agricultural Service, up to $5,000,000 may be transferred to and used by the Foreign Agricultural Service for information resource management activities of the Foreign Agricultural Service that are not related to Commodity Credit Corporation business. 
the provisions of the Act of April 27, 1935 (16 U.S.C. 590a–f), including preparation of conservation plans and establishment of measures to conserve soil and water (including farm irrigation and land drainage and such special measures for soil and water management as may be necessary to prevent floods and the siltation of reservoirs and to control agricultural related pollutants); operation of conservation plant materials centers; classification and mapping of soil; dissemination of information; acquisition of lands, water, and interests therein for use in the plant materials program by donation, exchange, or purchase at a nominal cost not to exceed $100 pursuant to the Act of August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 428a); purchase and erection or alteration or improvement of permanent and temporary buildings; and operation and maintenance of aircraft, $850,856,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , 
That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250 for construction and improvement of buildings and public improvements at plant materials centers, except that the cost of alterations and improvements to other buildings and other public improvements shall not exceed $250,000: Provided further , That when buildings or other structures are erected on non Federal land, that the right to use such land is obtained as provided in 7 U.S.C. 2250a: Provided further , That of the amounts made 
available under this heading, $5,600,000, shall remain available until expended for the authorities under 16 U.S.C. 1001–1005 and 1007– 1009 for authorized ongoing watershed projects with a primary purpose of providing water to rural communities: Provided further , 
That of the amounts made available under this heading, $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the authorities under section 13 of the Flood Control Act of December 22, 1944 (Public Law 78–534) for authorized ongoing projects with a primary purpose of watershed protection by stabilizing stream channels, tributaries, and banks to reduce erosion and sediment transport. 
Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act, $12,000,000 is provided. 
the administration and implementation of programs in the Rural Development mission area, including activities with institutions concerning the development and operation of agricultural cooperatives; and for cooperative agreements; $225,835,000: Provided , That 
no less than $19,500,000 shall be for the Comprehensive Loan Accounting System: Provided further , That notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, funds appropriated under this heading may be used for advertising and promotional activities that support the Rural Development mission area: Provided further , That any balances available 
from prior years for the Rural Utilities Service, Rural Housing Service, and the Rural Business–Cooperative Service salaries and expenses accounts shall be transferred to and merged with this appropriation. 
amount of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by title V of the Housing Act of 1949, to be available from funds in the rural housing insurance fund, as follows: $900,000,000 shall be for direct loans and $24,000,000,000 shall be for unsubsidized guaranteed loans; $26,278,000 for section 504 housing repair loans; $28,398,000 for section 515 rental housing; $150,000,000 for section 538 guaranteed multifamily housing loans; $10,000,000 for credit sales of single family housing acquired property; $5,000,000 for section 523 selfhelp housing land development loans; and $5,000,000 for section 524 site development loans. 
loans, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as follows: section 502 loans, $60,750,000 shall be for direct loans; section 504 housing repair loans, $3,424,000; and repair, rehabilitation, and new construction of section 515 rental housing, $8,414,000: Provided , That to support the loan program 
level for section 538 guaranteed loans made available under this heading the Secretary may charge or adjust any fees to cover the projected cost of such loan guarantees pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), and the interest on such loans may not be subsidized: Provided further , That applicants in communities that have a current rural area waiver under section 541 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490q) shall be treated as living in a rural area for purposes of section 502 guaranteed loans provided under this heading: Provided further , That of the amounts available under this paragraph for section 502 direct loans, no less than $5,000,000 shall be available for direct loans for individuals whose homes will be built pursuant to a program funded with a mutual and selfhelp housing grant authorized by section 523 of the Housing Act of 1949 until June 1, 2016. 
grants, and contracts, as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 1484 and 1486, $15,125,000, to remain available until expended, for direct farm labor housing loans and domestic farm labor housing grants and contracts: Provided , That 
any balances available for the Farm Labor Program Account shall be transferred to and merged with this account. 
necessary to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $417,854,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
the current fiscal year shall be funded for a oneyear period: Provided further , That any 
unexpended balances remaining at the end of such oneyear agreements may be transferred and used for purposes of any debt reduction; maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation of any existing projects; preservation; and rental assistance activities authorized under title V of the Act: Provided further , 
That rental assistance provided under agreements entered into prior to fiscal year 2016 for a farm labor multifamily housing project financed under section 514 or 516 of the Act may not be recaptured for use in another project until such assistance has remained unused for a period of 12 consecutive months, if such project has a waiting list of tenants seeking such assistance or the project has rental assistance eligible tenants who are not receiving such assistance: Provided further , That such recaptured rental assistance shall, to the extent practicable, be applied to another farm labor multifamily housing project financed under section 514 or 516 of the Act: Provided further , That of the 
total amount provided, up to $75,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for renewal of rental assistance agreements within the 12month contract period: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide to the 
Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress quarterly reports on the number of renewals approved pursuant to the preceding proviso, on the amount of rental assistance available, and the anticipated need for rental assistance for the remainder of the fiscal year: Provided further , That except as provided in the second proviso under this heading and notwithstanding any other provision of the Act, the Secretary may recapture rental assistance provided under agreements entered into prior to fiscal year 2016 for a project that the Secretary determines no longer needs rental assistance and use such recaptured funds for current needs as well as unmet rental assistance needs from fiscal year 2015. 
funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000, shall be available for rural housing vouchers to any lowincome household (including those not receiving rental assistance) residing in a property financed with a section 515 loan which has been prepaid after September 30, 2005: Provided further , That the 
amount of such voucher shall be the difference between comparable market rent for the section 515 unit and the tenant paid rent for such unit: Provided further , That funds 
made available for such vouchers shall be subject to the availability of annual appropriations: Provided further , That the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, administer such vouchers with current regulations and administrative guidance applicable to section 8 housing vouchers administered by the Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development: Provided further , That if the Secretary determines that the amount made available for vouchers in this or any other Act is not needed for vouchers, the Secretary may use such funds for the demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of multifamily rental housing properties described in this paragraph: Provided further , That of the funds made available under this 
heading, $22,000,000 shall be available for a demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of the sections 514, 515, and 516 multifamily rental housing properties to restructure existing USDA multi family housing loans, as the Secretary deems appropriate, expressly for the purposes of ensuring the project has sufficient resources to preserve the project for the purpose of providing safe and affordable housing for lowincome residents and farm laborers including reducing or eliminating interest; deferring loan payments, subordinating, reducing or reamortizing loan debt; and other financial assistance including advances, payments and incentives (including the ability of owners to obtain reasonable returns on investment) required by the Secretary: Provided further , 
That the Secretary shall as part of the preservation and revitalization agreement obtain a restrictive use agreement consistent with the terms of the restructuring: Provided further, That if the Secretary determines that 
additional funds for vouchers described in this paragraph are needed, funds for the preservation and revitalization demonstration program may be used for such vouchers: Provided further , That if Congress enacts legislation to permanently authorize a multifamily rental housing loan restructuring program similar to the demonstration program described herein, the Secretary may use funds made available for the demonstration program under this heading to carry out such legislation with the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further , That in 
addition to any other available funds, the Secretary may expend not more than $1,000,000 total, from the program funds made available under this heading, for administrative expenses for activities funded under this heading. 
For grants for very lowincome housing repair and rural housing preservation made by the Rural Housing Service, as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 1474, and 1490m, $32,239,000, to remain available until expended. 
the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, $3,500,000, to remain available until expended. 
amount appropriated under this heading shall be available for a Rural Community Development Initiative: Provided further , 
That such funds shall be used solely to develop the capacity and ability of private, nonprofit communitybased housing and community development organizations, low income rural communities, and Federally Recognized Native American Tribes to undertake projects to improve housing, community facilities, community and economic 
further , That such funds shall be made available to qualified private, nonprofit and public intermediary organizations proposing to carry out a program of financial and technical assistance: Provided further , That such 
intermediary organizations shall provide matching funds from other sources, including Federal funds for related activities, in an amount not less than funds provided: Provided further , That $5,778,000 of the amount 
appropriated under this heading shall be to provide grants for facilities in rural communities with extreme unemployment and severe economic depression (Public Law 106– 387), with up to 5 percent for administration and capacity building in the State rural development offices: Provided further , That 
381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are not applicable to the funds made available under this heading: Provided further , That for the purposes of determining eligibility or level of program assistance the Secretary shall not include incarcerated prison populations. 
$4,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for business grants to benefit Federally Recognized Native American Tribes, including $250,000 for a grant to a qualified national organization to provide technical assistance for rural transportation in order to promote economic development: Provided further , That for purposes of determining eligibility or level of program assistance the Secretary shall not include incarcerated prison populations: Provided further, 
That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are not applicable to funds made available under this heading. 
as authorized by the Intermediary Relending Program Fund Account (7 U.S.C. 1936b), $18,889,000. 
authorized by the Intermediary Relending Program Fund Account (7 U.S.C. 1936b), of which $531,000 shall be available through June 30, 2016, for Federally Recognized Native American Tribes; and of which $1,021,000 shall be available through June 30, 2016, for Mississippi Delta Region counties (as determined in accordance with Public Law 100– 460): Provided , That such costs, including the 
cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
carry out the direct loan programs, $4,468,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
as authorized under section 313 of the Rural Electrification Act, for the purpose of promoting rural economic development and job creation projects, $33,077,000. 
cushion of credit payments, as authorized by section 313 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936, $179,000,000 shall not be obligated and $179,000,000 are rescinded. 
$3,000,000 shall be for grants for cooperative development centers, individual cooperatives, or groups of cooperatives that serve socially disadvantaged groups and a majority of the boards of directors or governing boards of which are comprised of individuals who are members of socially disadvantaged groups; and of which $10,750,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for value added agricultural product market development grants, as authorized by section 231 of the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 1632a). 
For the cost of a program of loan guarantees, under the same terms and conditions as authorized by section 9007 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107), $500,000: Provided , That the cost 
of loan guarantees, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
amount appropriated under this heading shall be for contracting with qualified national organizations for a circuit rider program to provide technical assistance for rural water systems: Provided further, That 
not to exceed $4,000,000 shall be for solid waste management grants: Provided further, 
That $10,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be transferred to, and merged with, the Rural Utilities Service, High Energy Cost Grants Account to provide grants authorized under section 19 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 918a): Provided further, That any prior year 
balances for highenergy cost grants authorized by section 19 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 918a) shall be transferred to and merged with the Rural Utilities Service, High Energy Cost Grants Account: Provided further , That sections 381E–H and 
381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are not applicable to the funds made available under this heading. 
The principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by sections 305 and 306 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 935 and 936) shall be made as follows: loans made pursuant to section 306 of that Act, rural electric, $5,500,000,000; guaranteed underwriting loans pursuant to section 313A, $750,000,000; 5 percent rural telecommunications loans, cost of money rural telecommunications loans, and for loans made pursuant to section 306 of that Act, rural telecommunications loans, $690,000,000: Provided , That up to $2,000,000,000 shall be used 
for the construction, acquisition, or improvement of fossilfueled electric generating plants (whether new or existing) that utilize carbon sequestration systems. 
by section 305 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 935), including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, cost of money rural telecommunications loans, $104,000. In addition, for administrative expenses 
necessary to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $34,707,000, which shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
learning services in rural areas, as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 950aaa et seq., $22,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That $3,000,000 shall be made available for grants authorized by 379G of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further , That funding provided under 
this heading for grants under 379G of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act may only be provided to entities that meet all of the eligibility criteria for a consortium as established by this section. 
For the cost of broadband loans, as authorized by section 601 of the Rural Electrification Act, $4,500,000, to remain available until 
loans shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
until expended, for a grant program to finance broadband transmission in rural areas eligible for Distance Learning and Telemedicine Program benefits authorized by 7 U.S.C. 950aaa. 
Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services, $811,000. 
amount available, $17,004,000 shall be available to carry out section 19 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.): Provided further , That of the total amount 
available, $25,000,000 shall be available to provide competitive grants to State agencies for subgrants to local educational agencies and schools to purchase the equipment needed to serve healthier meals, improve food safety, and to help support the establishment, maintenance, or expansion of the school breakfast program: Provided further , 
special supplemental nutrition program as authorized by section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786), $6,350,000,000, 
That none of the funds provided shall be available for activities that are not fully reimbursed by other Federal Government departments or agencies unless authorized by section 17 of such Act: Provided further , That 
Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), $80,849,383,000, of which $3,000,000,000, to remain available through December 31, 2017, shall be placed in reserve for use only in such amounts and at such times as may become necessary to carry out program operations: Provided , That funds available for the 
contingency reserve under the heading ‘‘Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program’’ of division A of Public Law 113–235 shall be available until December 31, 2016: Provided 
expended in accordance with section 16 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008: Provided further, That of the funds made available under 
this heading, $998,000 may be used to provide nutrition education services to State agencies and Federally Recognized Tribes participating in the Food Distribution Program on Indian Reservations: Provided further , That 
this appropriation shall be subject to any work registration or workfare requirements as may be required by law: Provided further , 
That funds made available for Employment and Training under this heading shall remain available through September 30, 2017: Provided further , That funds made available 
made available under this heading may be used to enter into contracts and employ staff to conduct studies, evaluations, or to conduct activities related to program integrity provided that such activities are authorized by the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008. 
That none of these funds shall be available to reimburse the Commodity Credit Corporation for commodities donated to the program: Provided further , That notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, effective with funds made available in fiscal year 2016 to support the Seniors Farmers’ Market Nutrition Program, as authorized by section 4402 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment 
Act of 2002, such funds shall remain available through September 30, 2017: Provided further , 
the Food and Nutrition Service for carrying out any domestic nutrition assistance program, $150,824,000: Provided , That of the funds 
provided herein, $2,000,000 shall be used for the purposes of section 4404 of Public Law 107–171, as amended by section 4401 of Public Law 110–246. 
For necessary expenses of the Foreign Agricultural Service, including not to exceed $250,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to section 8 of the Act approved August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 1766), $191,566,000: Provided , That the Service may 
utilize advances of funds, or reimburse this appropriation for expenditures made on behalf of Federal agencies, public and private organizations and institutions under agreements executed pursuant to the agricultural food production assistance programs (7 U.S.C. 1737) and the foreign assistance programs of the United States Agency for International Development: Provided further , That 
funds made available for middleincome country training programs, funds made available for the Borlaug International Agricultural Science and Technology Fellowship program, and up to $2,000,000 of the Foreign Agricultural Service appropriation solely for the purpose of offsetting fluctuations in international currency exchange rates, subject to documentation by the Foreign Agricultural Service, shall remain available until expended. 
the credit program of title I, Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480) and the Food for Progress Act of 1985, $2,528,000, shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
year, not otherwise recoverable, and unrecovered prior years’ costs, including interest thereon, under the Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480), for commodities supplied in connection with dispositions abroad under title II of said Act, $1,466,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
provisions of section 3107 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 1736o–1), $201,626,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That the Commodity Credit Corporation is authorized to provide the services, facilities, and authorities for the purpose of implementing such section, subject to reimbursement from amounts provided herein: Provided further , 
That of the amount made available under this heading, $5,000,000, shall remain available until expended for necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 3207 of the 
the Commodity Credit Corporation’s Export Guarantee Program, GSM 102 and GSM 103, $6,748,000; to cover common overhead expenses as permitted by section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act and in conformity with the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, of which $6,394,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Foreign Agricultural Service, Salaries and Expenses’’, and of which $354,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
Drug Administration, including hire and purchase of passenger motor vehicles; for payment of space rental and related costs pursuant to Public Law 92–313 for programs and activities of the Food and Drug Administration which are included in this Act; for rental of special purpose space in the District of Columbia or elsewhere; for miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities, authorized and approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $25,000; and notwithstanding section 521 of Public Law 107–188; $4,681,392,000: Provided , That of 
the amount provided under this heading, $851,481,000 shall be derived from prescription drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379h, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $137,677,000 shall be derived from medical device user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $318,363,000 shall be derived from human generic drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–42, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $21,540,000 shall be derived from biosimilar biological product user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–52, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $22,818,000 shall be derived from animal drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–12, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $9,705,000 shall be derived from animal generic drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–21, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $599,000,000 shall be derived from tobacco product user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 387s, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided further , That in addition to and notwithstanding any other provision under this heading, amounts collected for prescription drug user fees, medical device user fees, human generic drug user fees, biosimilar biological product user fees, animal drug user fees, and animal generic drug user fees that exceed the respective fiscal year 2016 limitations are appropriated and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided further , That fees derived 
from prescription drug, medical device, human generic drug, biosimilar biological product, animal drug, and animal generic drug assessments for fiscal year 2016, including any such fees collected prior to fiscal 
shall be subject to the fiscal year 2016 limitations: Provided further , That the Secretary 
may accept payment during fiscal year 2016 of user fees specified under this heading and authorized for fiscal year 2017, prior to the due date for such fees, and that amounts of such fees assessed for fiscal year 2017 for which the Secretary accepts payment in fiscal year 2016 shall not be included in amounts under this heading: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $25,000 of this amount shall be for official reception and representation expenses, not otherwise provided for, as determined by the Commissioner: Provided 
further , That of the amounts that are made 
available under this heading for ‘‘other activities’’, and that are not derived from user fees, $1,500,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Office of Inspector General’’ for oversight of the programs and operations of the Food and Drug Administration and shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available for oversight of the Food and Drug Administration: Provided further , That funds may be transferred from one specified activity to another with the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
For plans, construction, repair, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of or used by the Food and Drug Administration, where not otherwise provided, $8,788,000, to remain available until expended. 
provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), including the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, and the rental of space (to include multiple year leases), in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $250,000,000, including not to exceed $3,000 for official reception and representation expenses, and not to exceed $25,000 for the expenses for consultations and meetings hosted by the Commission with foreign governmental and other regulatory officials, of which not less than $50,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for the purchase of information technology and of which not less than $2,620,000 shall be for expenses of the Office of the Inspector General: Provided, That notwithstanding the 
collected from farm credit institutions, including the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for administrative expenses as authorized under 12 U.S.C. 2249: Provided , That this limitation shall not 
apply to expenses associated with receiverships: Provided further , That the agency may 
exceed this limitation by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
by law, appropriations and authorizations made for the Department of Agriculture for the current fiscal year under this Act shall be available for the purchase, in addition to those specifically provided for, of not to exceed 71 passenger motor vehicles of which 68 shall be for replacement only, and for the hire of such vehicles: Provided , That notwithstanding this section, the only purchase of new passenger vehicles shall be for those determined by the Secretary to be necessary for transportation safety, to reduce operational costs, and for the protection of life, property, and public safety. 
That none of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund without the prior approval of the agency administrator: Provided further , That none of the 
funds transferred to the Working Capital Fund pursuant to this section shall be available for obligation without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further , That none of the 
funds appropriated by this Act or made available to the Department’s Working Capital Fund shall be available for obligation or expenditure to make any changes to the Department’s National Finance Center without written notification to and prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress as required by section 717 of this Act: Provided further , That of annual 
income amounts in the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture allocated for the National Finance Center, the Secretary may reserve not more than 4 percent for the replacement or acquisition of capital equipment, including equipment for the improvement and implementation of a financial management plan, information technology, and other systems of the National Finance Center or to pay any unforeseen, extraordinary cost of the National Finance Center: Provided further , That none of the 
amounts reserved shall be available for obligation unless the Secretary submits written notification of the obligation to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further , That the limitation on the obligation of funds pending notification to Congressional Committees shall not apply to any obligation that, as determined by the Secretary, is necessary to respond to a declared state of emergency that significantly impacts the operations of the National Finance Center; or to evacuate employees of the National Finance Center to a safe haven to continue operations of the National Finance Center. 
may be used to pay negotiated indirect cost rates on cooperative agreements or similar arrangements between the United States Department of Agriculture and nonprofit institutions in excess of 10 percent of the total direct cost of the agreement when the purpose of such cooperative arrangements is to carry out programs of mutual interest between the two parties. This does not preclude appropriate payment of indirect costs on grants and contracts with such institutions when such indirect costs are computed on a similar basis for all agencies for which appropriations are provided in this Act. 
of Agriculture for the cost of direct and guaranteed loans made available in the current fiscal year shall remain available until expended to disburse obligations made in the current fiscal year for the following accounts: the Rural Development Loan Fund program account, the Rural Electrification and Telecommunication Loans program account, and the Rural Housing Insurance Fund program account. 
technology systems or significant upgrades, as determined by the Office of the Chief Information Officer, without the approval of the Chief Information Officer and the concurrence of the Executive Information Technology Investment Review Board: Provided , 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be transferred to the Office of the Chief Information Officer without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further , That, notwithstanding section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, none of the funds available to the Department of Agriculture for information technology shall be obligated for projects, contracts, or other agreements over $25,000 prior to receipt of written approval by 
the Chief Information Officer: Provided further, That the Chief Information Officer may 
authorize an agency to obligate funds without written approval from the Chief Information Officer for projects, contracts, or other agreements up to $250,000 based upon the performance of an agency measured against the performance plan requirements described in the explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 113–235. 
provided by law, not more than $20,000,000 in unobligated balances from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses in this Act for the Farm Service Agency shall remain available through September 30, 2017, for information technology expenses: Provided , That except as otherwise specifically 
provided by law, unobligated balances from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses in this Act for the Rural Development mission area shall remain available through September 30, 2017, for information technology expenses. 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used for firstclass travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 
and related administrative expenses, including technical assistance, associated with the implementation of the program, without regard to the limitation on the total amount of allotments and fund transfers contained in section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act (15 U.S.C. 714i); and 
this Act, not more than $2,000,000 shall be used to cover necessary expenses of activities related to all advisory committees, panels, commissions, and task forces of the Department of Agriculture, except for panels used to comply with negotiated rule makings and panels used to evaluate competitively awarded grants. 
be available to pay indirect costs charged against any agricultural research, education, or extension grant awards issued by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture that exceed 30 percent of total Federal funds provided under each award: Provided , That notwithstanding section 1462 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3310), funds provided by this Act for grants awarded competitively by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture shall be available to pay full allowable indirect costs for each grant awarded under section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638). 
otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel to carry out the following: 
Program as authorized by sections 1240–1240H of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–3839aa–8) in excess of $1,329,000,000: Provided , That this limitation shall apply 
authorized by section 9011 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8111) in excess of $3,000,000 in new obligational authority; and 
the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries or expenses of any employee of the Department of Agriculture or officer of the Commodity Credit Corporation to carry out clause 3 of section 32 of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1935 (Public 
Law 74–320, 7 U.S.C. 612c, as amended), or for any surplus removal activities or price support activities under section 5 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act: Provided further , That the available unobligated 
this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel who prepare or submit appropriations language as part of the President’s budget submission to the Congress for programs under the jurisdiction of the Appropriations Subcommittees on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies that assumes revenues or reflects a reduction from the previous year due to user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budget unless such budget submission identifies which additional spending reductions should occur in the event the user fees proposals are not enacted prior to the date of the convening of a committee of conference for the fiscal year 2017 appropriations Act. 
means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; 
unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (as the case may be) notifies in writing and receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of the reprogramming of such funds or the use of such authority. 
existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Congress; or 
reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (as the case may be) notifies in writing and receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of the reprogramming or transfer of such funds or the use of such authority. 
or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for— 
funding levels, including information technology systems, that involves increasing or decreasing funds in the current fiscal year for the individual investment in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent of the total cost, whichever is less; 
or vacant positions or agency activities or functions to establish a center, office, branch, or similar entity with five or more personnel; or 
were not described in the budget request; unless the agencies funded by this Act notify, in writing, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of using the funds for these purposes. 
may be used for any activities unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission receives from the Committee on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress written or electronic mail confirmation of receipt of the notification as required in this section. 
otherwise made available to the Department of Agriculture, the Food and Drug Administration, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Farm Credit Administration shall be used to transmit or otherwise make available reports, questions, or responses to questions that are a result of information requested for the appropriations hearing process to any nonDepartment of Agriculture, nonDepartment of Health and Human Services, nonCommodity Futures Trading Commission, or nonFarm Credit Administration employee. 
existing law, none of the funds provided in this Act, may be used by an executive branch agency to produce any prepackaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States unless the story includes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. 
Agriculture may be detailed or assigned from an agency or office funded by this Act or any other Act to any other agency or office of the Department for more than 60 days in a fiscal year unless the individual’s employing agency or office is fully reimbursed by the receiving agency or office for the salary and expenses of the employee for the period of assignment. 
by this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel who provide nonrecourse marketing assistance loans for mohair under section 1201 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the Chairman of the Farm Credit Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a detailed spending plan by program, project, and activity for all the funds made available under this Act including appropriated user fees, as defined in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
II of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.) may only be used to provide assistance to recipient nations if adequate monitoring and controls, as determined by the Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development, are in place to ensure that emergency food aid is received by the intended beneficiaries in areas affected by food shortages and not diverted for unauthorized or inappropriate purposes. 
$1,996,000 to carry out section 1621 of Public Law 110–246. 
intermediary loan packaging program based on the pilot program in effect for fiscal year 2013 for packaging and reviewing section 502 single family direct loans. The Secretary shall enter into agreements with current intermediary organizations and with additional qualified intermediary organizations. The Secretary shall work with these organizations to increase effectiveness of the section 502 single family direct loan program in rural communities and shall set aside and make available from the national reserve section 502 loans an amount necessary to support the work of such intermediaries and provide a priority for review of such loans. 
that do not require budget authority and the program level has been established in this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may increase the program level for such loans and loan guarantees by not more than 25 percent: Provided , That prior to the Secretary implementing such an increase, the Secretary notifies, in writing, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 15 days in advance. 
the ‘‘Emergency Watershed Protection Program’’, $157,000,000, to remain available until expended; for the ‘‘Emergency Forestry Restoration Program’’, $6,000,000, to remain available until expended; and for the ‘‘Emergency Conservation Program’’, $108,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
rebates transferred to the Working Capital Fund pursuant to section 729 of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2002 (7 U.S.C. 2235a; Public Law 107–76) shall be available for obligation without written notification to, and the prior approval of, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided , That the refunds or rebates so transferred shall be available for obligation only for the acquisition of plant and capital equipment necessary for the delivery of financial, administrative, and information technology services of primary benefit to the agencies of the Department of Agriculture. 
by this Act may be used to procure processed poultry products imported into the United States from the People’s Republic of China for use in the school lunch program under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), the Child and Adult Food Care Program under section 17 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1766), the Summer Food Service Program for Children under section 13 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1761), or the school breakfast program under the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.). 
the date of enactment of this Act through school year 2016–2017, with respect to the school lunch program established under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) or the school breakfast program established under the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.) and final regulations published by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on January 26, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 4088 et seq.), the Secretary shall allow States to grant an exemption from the whole grain requirements that took effect on or after July 1, 2014, and the States shall establish a process for evaluating and responding, in a reasonable amount of time, to requests for an exemption: Provided , That school food authorities demonstrate hardship, including financial hardship, in procuring specific whole grain products which are acceptable to the students and compliant with the whole grainrich requirements: Provided further , 
That school food authorities shall comply with the applicable grain component or standard with respect to the school lunch or 
by this or any other Act may be used to release or implement the final version of the eighth edition of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, revised pursuant to section 301 of the National Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341), unless the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Health and Human Services ensure that each revision to any nutritional or dietary information or guideline contained in the 2010 edition of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans and each new nutritional or dietary information or guideline to be included in the eighth edition of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans— 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall engage the National Academy of Medicine to conduct a comprehensive study of the entire process used to establish the Advisory Committee for the Dietary Guidelines for Americans and the subsequent development of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, most recently revised pursuant to section 301 of the National Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341). The panel of the National Academy of Medicine selected to conduct the study shall include a balanced representation of individuals with broad experiences and viewpoints regarding nutritional and dietary information. 
process can be improved to provide more transparency, eliminate bias, and include committee members with a range of viewpoints. 
compiled and utilized, including whether Nutrition Evidence Library reviews and other systematic reviews and data analysis are conducted according to rigorous and objective scientific standards. 
on longstanding Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommendations, including whether scientific studies are included from scientists with a range of viewpoints. 
by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Food and Nutrition Service, to commence any new research and evaluation projects until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a research and evaluation plan for fiscal year 2016, prepared in coordination with the Research, Education, and Economics mission area of the Department of Agriculture, and a period of 30 days beginning on the date of the submission of the plan expires to permit Congressional review of the plan. 
funds identified by Treasury Appropriation Fund Symbol 12X1980 where obligations have been cancelled, $13,000,000 is rescinded. 
Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘title I of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, and Subtitle B of title I of the Agricultural Act of 2014’’; and 
$5,000,000 to provide competitive grants to State agencies for subgrants to local educational agencies and schools to purchase the equipment needed to serve healthier meals, improve food safety, and to help support the establishment, maintenance, or expansion of the school breakfast program, to remain available until expended. 
rescinded from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement or for disaster relief requirement pursuant to a Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
$8,000,000, to remain available until expended, to carry out section 6407 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107a): Provided , That the Secretary 
launch the program authorized by this section during the 2016 fiscal year and that it be carried out through the Rural Utilities Service: Provided further , That, within 60 days of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide a report to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress on how the Rural Utilities Service will implement section 6407 during the 2016 fiscal year. 
fiscal year 2017, and shall remain available until expended. 
by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Food Labeling; Nutrition Labeling of Standard Menu Items in Restaurants and Similar Retail Food Establishments’’ published by the Food and Drug Administration in the Federal Register on December 1, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 71156 et seq.) until the later of— 
in this Act, there is hereby appropriated $250,000,000, to remain available until expended, under the heading ‘‘Food for Peace Title II Grants’’: Provided , That the funds 
made available under this section shall be used for the purposes set forth in the Food for Peace Act for both emergency and non emergency purposes: Provided further , That 
the funds made available by this section used for emergency programs may be prioritized to respond to emergency food needs involving conflict in the Middle East and to address other urgent food needs around the world: Provided further , That of the funds 
by this or any other Act may be used to implement or enforce any provision of the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (Public Law 
thereby, with respect to the regulation of the distribution, sale, or receipt of dried spent grain byproducts of the alcoholic beverage production process, irrespective of whether such byproducts are solely intended for use as animal feed. 
from amounts made available in fiscal year 2015 for the supplemental nutrition program as authorized by section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786), $220,000,000 are hereby rescinded. 
by this Act may be used to carry out any activities or incur any expense related to the issuance of licenses under section 3 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2133), or the renewal of such licenses, to class B dealers who sell dogs and cats for use in research, experiments, teaching, or testing. 
$600,000 for the purposes of section 727 of division A of Public Law 112–55. 
made available by this Act and notwithstanding the last sentence of 16 U.S.C. 1310, there is appropriated $4,000,000, to remain available until expended, to implement non renewable agreements on eligible lands, including flooded agricultural lands, as determined by the Secretary, under the Water Bank Act (16 U.S.C. 1301–1311). 
Rural Economic Area Partnership (REAP) Zones, until August 15, 2016, an amount of funds made available in title III under the headings of Rural Housing Insurance Fund Program Account, Mutual and SelfHelp Housing Grants, Rural Housing Assistance Grants, Rural Community Facilities Program Account, Rural Business Program Account, Rural Development Loan Fund Program Account, and Rural Water and Waste 
Disposal Program Account, equal to the amount obligated in REAP Zones with respect to funds provided under such headings in the most recent fiscal year any such funds were obligated under such headings for REAP Zones. 
Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1638) is amended— 
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) shall not allow the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of any food that contains genetically engineered salmon until FDA publishes final labeling guidelines for informing consumers of such content; and 
Food and Drug Administration, Salaries and Expenses, not less than $150,000 shall be used 
to develop labeling guidelines and implement a program to disclose to consumers whether salmon offered for sale to consumers is a genetically engineered variety. 
for lenders to access Department loan guarantee systems in connection with such lenders’ participation in loan guarantee programs of the Rural Housing Service: Provided , That the funds collected from such 
fees shall be made available to the Secretary without further appropriation and such funds shall be deposited into the Rural Development Salaries and Expense Account and shall remain available until expended for obligation and expenditure by the Secretary for administrative expenses of the Rural 
Housing Service Loan Guarantee Program in addition to other available funds: Provided 
further , That such fees collected shall not exceed $50 per loan. 
by this Act or any other Act may be used— 
‘‘Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Salaries and Expenses’’, $5,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for onetime control and management and associated activities directly related to the multipleagency response to citrus greening. 
chalcogrammus, formerly known as Theragra chalcogramma, is ‘‘pollock’’; and 
otherwise made available by this Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel— 
the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 1901 note; Public Law 104–127); or 
of title 9, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation). 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
trade activities of the Department of Commerce provided for by law, and for engaging 
in trade promotional activities abroad, including expenses of grants and cooperative agreements for the purpose of promoting exports of United States firms, without regard to sections 3702 and 3703 of title 44, United States Code; full medical coverage for dependent members of immediate families of employees stationed overseas and employees temporarily posted overseas; travel and transportation of employees of the International Trade Administration between two points abroad, without regard to section 40118 of title 49, United States Code; employment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services; rental of space abroad for periods not exceeding 10 years, and expenses of alteration, repair, or 
improvement; purchase or construction of temporary demountable exhibition structures for use abroad; payment of tort claims, in the manner authorized in the first paragraph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in foreign countries; not to exceed $294,300 for official representation expenses abroad; purchase of passenger motor vehicles for official use abroad, not to exceed $45,000 per vehicle; obtaining insurance on official motor vehicles; and rental of tie lines, $493,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which $10,000,000 is to be derived from fees to be retained and used by the International Trade Administration, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided , That, of amounts provided under this 
heading, not less than $16,400,000 shall be for China antidumping and countervailing duty enforcement and compliance activities: Provided further , That of the amounts provided 
for the International Trade Administration under this title, $5,000,000 shall not be available for obligation or expenditure until 15 days after the Undersecretary of Commerce for International Trade submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate the report and certification detailed in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided further , That the provisions of 
For grants for economic development assistance as provided by the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965, for trade adjustment assistance, and for grants authorized by section 27 of the Stevenson Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722), $222,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $15,000,000 shall be for grants under such section 27. 
the economic development assistance programs as provided for by law, $39,000,000: Provided , That these funds may be used to monitor projects approved pursuant to title I of the Public Works Employment Act of 1976, title II of the Trade Act of 1974, section 27 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722), and the Community Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1977. 
of Commerce in fostering, promoting, and developing minority business enterprise, including expenses of grants, contracts, and other agreements with public or private organizations, $32,000,000. 
law, of economic and statistical analysis programs of the Department of Commerce, $109,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For necessary expenses for collecting, compiling, analyzing, preparing and publishing statistics, provided for by law, $270,000,000: Provided , That, from amounts provided herein, funds may be used for promotion, outreach, and marketing activities: Provided 
further , That the Bureau of the Census shall 
collect and analyze data for the Annual Social and Economic Supplement to the Current Population Survey using the same health insurance questions included in previous years, in addition to the revised questions implemented in the Current Population Survey beginning in February 2014. 
For necessary expenses for collecting, compiling, analyzing, preparing and publishing statistics for periodic censuses and programs provided for by law, $1,100,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , 
That, from amounts provided herein, funds may be used for promotion, outreach, and marketing activities: Provided further , That 
of Commerce is authorized to retain and use as offsetting collections all funds transferred, or previously transferred, from other Government agencies for all costs incurred in telecommunications research, engineering, and related activities by the Institute for Telecommunication Sciences of NTIA, in furtherance of its assigned functions under this paragraph, and such funds received from other Government agencies shall remain available until expended. 
grants, recoveries and unobligated balances of funds previously appropriated are available for the administration of all open grants until their expiration. 
States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) provided for by law, including defense of suits instituted against the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO, $3,272,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as offsetting collections of fees and surcharges assessed and collected by the USPTO under any law are received during fiscal year 2016, so as to result in a fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0: Provided further , That 
during fiscal year 2016, should the total amount of such offsetting collections be less than $3,272,000,000 this amount shall be reduced accordingly: Provided further , That any 
amount received in excess of $3,272,000,000 in fiscal year 2016 and deposited in the Patent 
and Trademark Fee Reserve Fund shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Director of USPTO shall submit a spending plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for any amounts made available by the preceding proviso and such spending plan shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided 
accordance with the preceding proviso shall be transferred to the United States Patent and Trademark Office ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account: Provided further , That from 
amounts provided herein, not to exceed $900 shall be made available in fiscal year 2016 for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , That in fiscal year 
amounts appropriated, $2,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ account for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits related to the USPTO. 
For necessary expenses of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), $690,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $9,000,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’: Provided , That not to exceed $5,000 
shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , That NIST 
may provide local transportation for summer undergraduate research fellowship program participants. 
For necessary expenses for industrial technology services, $155,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $130,000,000 shall be for the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, and of which $25,000,000 shall be for the National Network for Manufacturing Innovation. 
including architectural and engineering design, and for renovation and maintenance of existing facilities, not otherwise provided for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, as authorized by sections 13 through 15 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278c–278e), $119,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That the Secretary 
For necessary expenses of activities authorized by law for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, including maintenance, operation, and hire of aircraft and vessels; grants, contracts, or other payments to nonprofit organizations for the purposes of conducting activities pursuant to cooperative agreements; and relocation of facilities, $3,305,813,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, except that funds provided for cooperative enforcement shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That fees and donations received by 
the National Ocean Service for the management of national marine sanctuaries may be retained and used for the salaries and expenses associated with those activities, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further , That in addition, $130,164,000 shall be derived by transfer from the fund entitled ‘‘Promote and Develop Fishery Products and Research Pertaining to American Fisheries’’, which shall only be used for fishery activities related to the SaltonstallKennedy Grant Program, Cooperative Research, Annual Stock Assessments, Survey and Monitoring Projects, Interjurisdictional Fisheries Grants, and Fish Information Networks: Provided further , 
That of the $3,453,477,000 provided for in direct obligations under this heading, $3,305,813,000 is appropriated from the general fund, $130,164,000 is provided by transfer and $17,500,000 is derived from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further , That the 
total amount available for National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration corporate services administrative support costs shall not exceed $226,300,000: Provided further , That 
any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this heading in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Provided further , That in addition, for necessary 
retired pay expenses under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protection and Survivor Benefits Plan, and for payments for the medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under the Dependents Medical Care Act (10 U.S.C. 55), such sums as may be necessary. PROCUREMENT , ACQUISITION AND CONSTRUCTION  
For procurement, acquisition and construction of capital assets, including alteration and modification costs, of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, $2,400,416,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, except that funds provided for acquisition and construction of vessels and construction of facilities shall remain available until expended: Provided , That of 
the $2,413,416,000 provided for in direct obligations under this heading, $2,400,416,000 is appropriated from the general fund and $13,000,000 is provided from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further , That 
amounts appropriated, $80,050,000 shall not be available for obligation or expenditure until 15 days after the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a fleet modernization and recapitalization plan: Provided further , That, within the 
amounts appropriated, $1,302,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ account for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits related to satellite procurement, acquisition and construction. 
$65,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That, of the funds 
provided herein, the Secretary of Commerce may issue grants to the States of Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada, California, and Alaska, and to the Federally recognized tribes of the Columbia River and Pacific Coast (including Alaska), for projects necessary for conservation of salmon and steelhead populations that are listed as threatened or endangered, or that are identified by a State as atrisk to be so listed, for maintaining populations necessary for exercise of tribal treaty fishing rights or native subsistence fishing, or for conservation of Pacific coastal salmon and steelhead habitat, based on guidelines to be developed by the Secretary of Commerce: Provided further , 
That all funds shall be allocated based on scientific and other merit principles and shall not be available for marketing activities: Provided further , That funds disbursed to 
States shall be subject to a matching requirement of funds or documented inkind contributions of at least 33 percent of the Federal funds. 
of Public Law 95–372, not to exceed $350,000, to be derived from receipts collected pursuant to that Act, to remain available until expended. 
Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2016, obligations of direct loans may not exceed $24,000,000 for Individual Fishing Quota loans and not to exceed $100,000,000 for traditional direct loans as authorized by the Merchant Marine Act of 1936. 
For necessary expenses for the management of the Department of Commerce provided for by law, including not to exceed $4,500 for official reception and representation, $58,000,000: Provided , That within 
amounts provided, the Secretary of Commerce may use up to $2,500,000 to engage in activities to provide businesses and communities with information about and referrals to relevant Federal, State, and local government programs. 
and modernization of Department of Commerce facilities, $19,062,000, to remain available until expended. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $32,000,000. 
transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further , That the Secretary of Commerce shall notify the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days in advance of the acquisition or disposal of any capital asset (including land, structures, and equipment) not specifically provided for in this Act or any other law appropriating funds for the Department of Commerce. 
Joint Polar Satellite System is $11,322,125,000 and the life cycle cost for the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite RSeries Program is $10,828,059,000. 
necessary to support the operation, maintenance, and improvement of space that persons, firms, or organizations are authorized, pursuant to the Public Buildings Cooperative Use Act of 1976 or other authority, to use or occupy in the Herbert C. Hoover Building, Washington, DC, or other buildings, the maintenance, operation, and protection of which has been delegated to the Secretary from the Administrator of General Services pursuant to the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis. Amounts received as reimbursement for services provided under this section or the authority under which the use or occupancy of the space is authorized, up to $200,000, shall be credited to the appropriation or fund which initially bears the costs of such services. 
waive the requirement for bonds under 40 U.S.C. 3131 with respect to contracts for the construction, alteration, or repair of vessels, regardless of the terms of the contracts as to payment or title, when the contract is made under the Coast and Geodetic Survey Act of 1947 (33 U.S.C. 883a et seq.). 
within this section and their corresponding uses are subject to section 505 of this Act. 
by any prior appropriations Act that remain available for obligation, for necessary expenses of the programs of the Economics and Statistics Administration of the Department of Commerce, including amounts provided for programs of the Bureau of Economic Analysis and the U.S. Census Bureau, shall be available for expenses of cooperative agreements with appropriate entities, including any Federal, State, or local governmental unit, or institution of higher education, to aid and promote statistical, research, and methodology activities which further the purposes for which such amounts have been made available. 
For expenses necessary for the administration of the Department of Justice, $111,500,000, of which not to exceed $4,000,000 for security and construction of Department of Justice facilities shall remain available until expended. 
sharing technology, including planning, development, deployment and departmental direction, $31,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That the Attorney General may transfer up to $35,400,000 to this account, from funds available to the Department of Justice for information technology, to remain available until expended, for enterprisewide information technology initiatives: Provided further , That the transfer authority in the preceding proviso is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. 
For expenses necessary for the administration of pardon and clemency petitions and immigrationrelated activities, $426,791,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the Executive Office for Immigration Review fees deposited in the ‘‘Immigration Examinations Fee’’ account: Provided , 
That of the amount available for the Executive Office for Immigration Review, not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until expended. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $93,709,000, including not to exceed $10,000 to meet unforeseen emergencies of a confidential character. 
States Parole Commission as authorized, $13,308,000: Provided , That, notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, upon the expiration of a term of office of a Commissioner, the Commissioner may continue to act until a successor has been appointed. 
For expenses necessary for the legal activities of the Department of Justice, not otherwise provided for, including not to exceed $20,000 for expenses of collecting evidence, to be expended under the direction of, and to be accounted for solely under the certificate of, the Attorney General; and rent of private or Governmentowned space in the District of Columbia, $893,000,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 for litigation support contracts shall remain available until expended: Provided , That of the amount provided for 
INTERPOL Washington dues payments, not to exceed $685,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That of the 
total amount appropriated, not to exceed $9,000 shall be available to INTERPOL Washington for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for litigation activities of the Civil Division, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to ‘‘Salaries and Expenses, General Legal Activities’’ from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further , That any transfer pursuant 
to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided 
such sums as may be necessary shall be available to the Civil Rights Division for salaries and expenses associated with the election monitoring program under section 8 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10305) and to reimburse the Office of Personnel Management for such salaries and expenses: Provided further , That of the amounts provided under this heading for the election monitoring program, $3,390,000 shall remain available until expended. 
of the Department of Justice associated with processing cases under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986, not to exceed $9,358,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. 
For expenses necessary for the enforcement of antitrust and kindred laws, $164,977,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, fees collected for premerger notification filings under the HartScottRodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection (and estimated to be $124,000,000 in fiscal year 2016), shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That 
the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2016, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $40,977,000. SALARIES AND EXPENSES , UNITED STATES  
United States Attorneys, including inter governmental and cooperative agreements, $2,000,000,000: Provided , That of the total 
amount appropriated, not to exceed $7,200 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $25,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further , 
That each United States Attorney shall establish or participate in a task force on human trafficking. 
States Trustee Program, as authorized, $225,908,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, deposits to the United States Trustee System Fund and amounts herein appropriated shall be available in such amounts as may be necessary to pay refunds due depositors: Provided further , That, 
For expenses necessary to carry out the activities of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $2,374,000. 
For fees and expenses of witnesses, for expenses of contracts for the procurement and supervision of expert witnesses, for private counsel expenses, including advances, and for expenses of foreign counsel, $270,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $16,000,000 is for construction of buildings for protected witness safesites; not to exceed $3,000,000 is for the purchase and maintenance of armored and other vehicles for witness security caravans; and not to exceed $13,000,000 is for the purchase, installation, maintenance, and upgrade of secure telecommunications equipment and a secure automated information network to store and retrieve the identities and locations of protected witnesses: Provided , That amounts 
made available under this heading may not be transferred pursuant to section 205 of this Act. 
notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for conflict resolution and violence prevention activities of the Community Relations Service, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to the Community Relations Service, from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided 
preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
States Marshals Service, $1,230,581,000, of which not to exceed $6,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses, and not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until expended. 
For construction in space controlled, occupied or utilized by the United States Marshals Service for prisoner holding and related support, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
States prisoners in the custody of the United States Marshals Service as authorized by section 4013 of title 18, United States Code, $1,454,414,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That not to exceed 
That the United States Marshals Service shall be responsible for managing the Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System: Provided further , That any unobligated balances available from funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘General Administration, Detention Trustee’’ shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation under this heading. 
For expenses necessary to carry out the activities of the National Security Division, $95,000,000, of which not to exceed $5,000,000 for information technology systems shall remain available until expended: Provided , 
That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for the activities of the National Security Division, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to this heading from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further , That 
any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
For necessary expenses for the identification, investigation, and prosecution of individuals associated with the most significant 
drug trafficking and affiliated money laundering organizations not otherwise provided for, to include intergovernmental agreements with State and local law enforcement agencies engaged in the investigation and prosecution of individuals involved in organized crime drug trafficking, $512,000,000, of which $50,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided , That any amounts obligated from appropriations under this heading may be used under authorities available to the organizations reimbursed from this appropriation. 
For necessary expenses of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for detection, investigation, and prosecution of crimes against the United States, $8,489,786,000, of which not to exceed $216,900,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided , That not to exceed 
$184,500 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
of equipment, furniture, and information technology requirements, related to construction or acquisition of buildings, facilities and sites by purchase, or as otherwise authorized by law; conversion, modification and extension of federally owned buildings; and preliminary planning and design of projects; $308,982,000, to remain available until expended. 
For necessary expenses of the Drug Enforcement Administration, including not to exceed $70,000 to meet unforeseen emergencies of a confidential character pursuant to section 530C of title 28, United States Code; and expenses for conducting drug education and training programs, including travel and related expenses for participants in such programs and the distribution of items of token value that promote the goals of such programs, $2,080,000,000, of which not to exceed $75,000,000 shall remain available until expended and not to exceed $90,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
by this or any other Act may be used to transfer the functions, missions, or activities of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to other agencies or Departments. 
For necessary expenses of the Federal Prison System for the administration, operation, and maintenance of Federal penal and correctional institutions, and for the provision of technical assistance and advice on corrections related issues to foreign governments, $6,948,500,000: Provided , That the Attorney 
General may transfer to the Department of Health and Human Services such amounts as may be necessary for direct expenditures by that Department for medical relief for inmates of Federal penal and correctional institutions: Provided further , That the Director of the Federal Prison System, where necessary, may enter into contracts with a fiscal agent or fiscal intermediary claims processor to determine the amounts payable to persons who, on behalf of the Federal Prison System, furnish health services to individuals committed to the custody of the Federal Prison System: Provided further , That not to 
exceed $5,400 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , That not to exceed $50,000,000 
shall remain available for necessary operations until September 30, 2017: Provided further, That, of the amounts provided for contract confinement, not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended to make payments in advance for grants, contracts and reimbursable agreements, and other expenses: Provided further , That the Director of the Federal Prison System may accept donated property and services relating to the operation of the prison card program from a notforprofit entity which has operated such program in the past, notwithstanding the fact that such notforprofit entity furnishes services under contracts to the Federal Prison System relating to the operation of prerelease services, halfway houses, or other custodial facilities. 
For planning, acquisition of sites and construction of new facilities; purchase and acquisition of facilities and remodeling, and equipping of such facilities for penal and correctional use, including all necessary expenses incident thereto, by contract or force account; and constructing, remodeling, and equipping necessary buildings and facilities at existing penal and correctional institutions, including all necessary expenses incident thereto, by contract or force account, $530,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $444,000,000 shall be available only for costs related to construction of new facilities: Provided , That labor of United 
States prisoners may be used for work performed under this appropriation. 
The Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated, is hereby authorized to make such expenditures within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available, and in accord with the law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the program set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation. 
Not to exceed $2,700,000 of the funds of the 
Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated, shall be available for its administrative expenses, and for services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, to be computed on an accrual basis to be determined in accordance with the corporation’s 
current prescribed accounting system, and such amounts shall be exclusive of depreciation, payment of claims, and expenditures which such accounting system requires to be capitalized or charged to cost of commodities acquired or produced, including selling and shipping expenses, and expenses in connection with acquisition, construction, operation, maintenance, improvement, protection, or disposition of facilities and other property belonging to the corporation or in which it has an interest. 
For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance for the prevention and prosecution of violence against women, as authorized by the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.) (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322) (‘‘the 1994 Act’’); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–21); the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.) (‘‘the 1974 Act’’); the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–386) (‘‘the 
That except as otherwise provided by law, not to exceed 5 percent of funds made available under this heading may be used for expenses related to evaluation, training, and technical assistance: Provided further , That 
Justice for research and evaluation of violence against women and related issues addressed by grant programs of the Office on Violence Against Women, which shall be transferred to ‘‘Research, Evaluation and Statistics’’ for administration by the Office of Justice Programs; 
Act, shall be available for this program: Provided further , That 10 percent of the total 
amount available for this grant program shall be available for grants under the program authorized by section 2015 of the 1968 Act: Provided further , That the definitions 
and grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this program; 
assistance, as authorized by section 41601 of the 1994 Act; 
and child abuse enforcement assistance grants, as authorized by section 40295 of the 1994 Act; 
crimes against women on campus, as authorized by section 304 of the 2005 Act; 
services to end violence against and abuse of women in later life, as authorized by section 40802 of the 1994 Act; 
unobligated balances available for the programs authorized by section 1301 of the 2000 Act and section 41002 of the 1994 Act, prior to their amendment by the 2013 Act, shall be available for this program; 
to end violence against and abuse of women with disabilities, as authorized by section 1402 of the 2000 Act; 
Center on Workplace Responses to assist victims of domestic violence, as authorized by section 41501 of the 1994 Act; 
on violence against Indian women, including as authorized by section 904 of the 2005 Act: Provided , That such funds may be transferred 
to ‘‘Research, Evaluation and Statistics’’ for administration by the Office of Justice Programs; 
that provides training and technical assistance on issues relating to sexual assault of American Indian and Alaska Native women; 
governments in exercising special domestic violence criminal jurisdiction, as authorized by section 904 of the 2013 Act: Provided , That 
For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance authorized by title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (‘‘the 1974 Act’’); the Missing Children’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5771 et seq.); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–21); the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108– 405); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647); the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–199); the Victims of 
Crime Act of 1984 (Public Law 98–473); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) (‘‘the Adam Walsh Act’’); the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–401); subtitle D of 
title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296) (‘‘the 2002 Act’’); the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–180); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); and other programs, $116,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which— 
and evaluation programs, and other activities as authorized by part B of title I of the 1968 Act and subtitle D of title II of the 2002 Act; 
sharing activities, as authorized by part M of title I of the 1968 Act; and 
and enhance the practice of forensic sciences, of which $3,000,000 is for transfer to the National Institute of Standards and Technology to support Scientific Area Committees. 
For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance authorized by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322) (‘‘the 1994 Act’’); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108– 405); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–164); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) (‘‘the Adam Walsh Act’’); the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (Public Law 106– 386); the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–180); subtitle D of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296) (‘‘the 2002 Act’’); the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 199); the Prioritizing Resources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–403); the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (Public Law 98–473); the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–416); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); and other programs, $1,408,500,000, to remain available until expended as follows— 
no jurisdiction shall request compensation for any cost greater than the actual cost for Federal immigration and other detainees housed in State and local detention facilities; 
adult and juvenile collaboration program grants, as authorized by parts V and HH of title I of the 1968 Act, and the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–416); 
Substance Abuse Treatment for State Prisoners, as authorized by part S of title I of the 1968 Act; 
assistance program pursuant to section 952 of Public Law 110–315; 
assistance, as authorized by the Adam Walsh Act, and related activities; 
based programs to reduce gun crime and gang violence; 
Check System, of which no less than $25,000,000 shall be for grants made under the authorities of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 180); 
Sciences Improvement Grants under part BB of title I of the 1968 Act; 
capacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities, including the purposes authorized under section 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–546) (the Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program): Provided , That up to 4 percent of funds made 
available under this paragraph may be used for the purposes described in the DNA Training and Education for Law Enforcement, Correctional Personnel, and Court Officers program (Public Law 108–405, section 303); 
in the Kirk Bloodsworth PostConviction DNA Testing Program (Public Law 108–405, section 412); and 
Exam Program grants, including as authorized by section 304 of Public Law 108–405; 
funds made available in this paragraph may be used for performancebased awards for Pay for Success projects, of which up to $5,000,000 shall be for Pay for Success programs implementing the Permanent Supportive Housing Model; 
and prosecution grants to States and units of local government, and other programs, as authorized by the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–79); 
School Safety Initiative: Provided , That section 213 of this Act shall not apply with respect to the amount made available in this paragraph; and 
policecommunity relations, of which $22,500,000 is for a competitive matching grant program for purchases of bodyworn cameras for State, local and tribal law enforcement, $27,500,000 is for a justice reinvestment initiative, for activities related to criminal justice reform and recidivism reduction, $5,000,000 is for research and statistics on bodyworn cameras and community trust issues, and $15,000,000 is for an Edward Byrne Memorial criminal justice innovation program: 
Provided , That, if a unit of local government 
uses any of the funds made available under this heading to increase the number of law enforcement officers, the unit of local government will achieve a net gain in the number of law enforcement officers who perform nonadministrative public sector safety service. 
For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance authorized by the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (‘‘the 1974 Act’’); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Missing Children’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5771 et seq.); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–21); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety 
Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) (‘‘the Adam Walsh Act’’); the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–401); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); and other juvenile justice programs, $270,160,000, to remain available until expended as follows— 
section 221 of the 1974 Act, and for training and technical assistance to assist small, nonprofit organizations with the Federal grants process: Provided , That of the amounts provided under this paragraph, $500,000 shall be for a competitive demonstration grant program to support emergency planning among State, local and tribal juvenile justice residential facilities; 
as authorized by section 505 of the 1974 Act, of which, pursuant to sections 261 and 262 thereof— 
providing information and resources on children of incarcerated parents; and 
grants focusing on girls in the juvenile justice system; 
prevention initiatives, including for public health approaches to reducing shootings and violence; 
Provided , That not more than 10 percent of 
each amount may be used for research, evaluation, and statistics activities designed to benefit the programs or activities authorized: Provided further , That not more than 2 
That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for such disability and education payments, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to ‘‘Public Safety Officer Benefits’’ from available appropriations for the Department of Justice as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further , That any 
transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); and the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’), $212,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That any balances made 
available through prior year deobligations shall only be available in accordance with section 505 of this Act: Provided further , That 
amounts appropriated under this paragraph, $30,000,000 is for improving tribal law enforcement, including hiring, equipment, training, and antimethamphetamine activities: Provided further , That of the amounts 
appropriated under this paragraph, $10,000,000 is for community policing development activities in furtherance of the purposes in section 1701: Provided further , That 
within the amounts appropriated under this paragraph, $10,000,000 is for the collaborative reform model of technical assistance in furtherance of the purposes in section 1701; 
State law enforcement agencies in States with high seizures of precursor chemicals, finished methamphetamine, laboratories, and laboratory dump seizures: Provided , That 
funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be utilized for investigative purposes to locate or investigate illicit activities, including precursor diversion, laboratories, or methamphetamine traffickers; and 
statewide law enforcement agencies in States with high rates of primary treatment admissions for heroin and other opioids: Provided , That these funds shall be utilized for 
investigative purposes to locate or investigate illicit activities, including activities related to the distribution of heroin or unlawful distribution of prescription opioids, or unlawful heroin and prescription opioid traffickers through statewide collaboration. 
made available in this title for official reception and representation expenses, a total of not to exceed $50,000 from funds appropriated to the Department of Justice in this title shall be available to the Attorney General for official reception and representation expenses. 
this title shall be available to pay for an abortion, except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or in the case of rape or incest: Provided , That should this prohibition be declared unconstitutional by a court of competent jurisdiction, this section shall be null and void. 
under this title shall be used to require any person to perform, or facilitate in any way the performance of, any abortion. 
shall remove the obligation of the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to provide escort services necessary for a female inmate to receive such service outside the Federal facility: Provided , That nothing in this section in 
any way diminishes the effect of section 203 intended to address the philosophical beliefs of individual employees of the Bureau of Prisons. 
pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
other Act, with respect to any fiscal year, under the heading ‘‘Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, Salaries and Expenses’’ shall be available for retention pay for any employee who would otherwise be subject to a reduction in pay upon termination of the Bureau’s Personnel Management Demonstration Project (as transferred to the Attorney General by section 1115 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, Public Law 107–296 (28 U.S.C. 599B)): Provided , That 
such retention pay shall comply with section 5363 of title 5, United States Code, and related Office of Personnel Management regulations, except as provided in this section: Provided further , That such retention pay 
under this title may be used by the Federal Bureau of Prisons or the United States Marshals Service for the purpose of transporting an individual who is a prisoner pursuant to conviction for crime under State or Federal law and is classified as a maximum or high security prisoner, other than to a prison or other facility certified by the Federal Bureau of Prisons as appropriately secure for housing such a prisoner. 
by this Act may be used by Federal prisons to purchase cable television services, or to rent or purchase audiovisual or electronic media or equipment used primarily for recreational purposes. 
rental, maintenance, or purchase of audiovisual or electronic media or equipment for inmate training, religious, or educational programs. 
under this title shall be obligated or expended for any new or enhanced information technology program having total estimated development costs in excess of $100,000,000, unless the Deputy Attorney General and the investment review board certify to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives and the Senate that the information technology program has appropriate program management controls and contractor oversight mechanisms in place, and that the program is compatible with the enterprise architecture of the Department of Justice. 
procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act shall apply to deviations from the amounts designated for specific activities in this Act and in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), and to any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this title in previous years. 
this Act may be used to plan for, begin, continue, finish, process, or approve a public private competition under the Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 or any successor administrative regulation, directive, or policy for work performed by employees of the Bureau of Prisons or of Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated. 
General, and in addition to any amounts that otherwise may be available (or authorized to be made available) by law, with respect to funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘Research, Evaluation and Statistics’’, ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance’’, and ‘‘Juvenile Justice Programs’’— 
to the Office of Justice Programs for grant or reimbursement programs may be used by such Office to provide training and technical assistance; and 
for grant or reimbursement programs under such headings, except for amounts appropriated specifically for research, evaluation, or statistical programs administered by the National Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics, shall be transferred to and merged with funds provided to the National Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics, to be used by them for research, evaluation, or statistical purposes, without regard to the authorizations for such grant or reimbursement programs. 
whom the Attorney General has determined there is a fiscal hardship, the Attorney General may, with respect to funds appropriated in this or any other Act making appropriations for fiscal years 2013 through 2016 for the following programs, waive the following requirements: 
under this Act, other than for the national instant criminal background check system established under section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note), may be used by a Federal law enforcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel, unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. 
the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102– 140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2016, except up to $40,000,000 may be obligated for implementation of a unified Department of Justice financial management system. 
this Act under each of the headings ‘‘General Administration—Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘United States Marshals Service—Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Federal Bureau of Investigation—Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Drug Enforcement Administration—Salaries and Expenses’’, and ‘‘Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives—Salaries and Expenses’’, $20,000,000 shall not be available for obligation until the Attorney General demonstrates to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that all recommendations included in the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Justice, Evaluation and Inspections Division Report 15–04 entitled ‘‘The Handling of Sexual Harassment and Misconduct Allegations by the Department’s Law Enforcement Components’’, dated March, 2015, have been implemented or are in the process of being implemented. 
available in this Act for the Office of Justice Programs may be used to participate in Performance Partnership Pilots authorized under section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235, and such authorities as are enacted 
for Performance Partnership Pilots in an appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016. 
Science and Technology Policy, in carrying out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Policy, Organization, and Priorities Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and representation expenses, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $5,555,000. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of science research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, 
lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $5,589,400,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided, That the formulation and development costs (with development cost as defined under section 30104 of title 51, United States Code) for the James Webb Space Telescope shall not exceed $8,000,000,000: Provided further , That should 
That, of the amounts provided, $175,000,000 is for an orbiter with a lander to meet the science goals for the Jupiter Europa mission as outlined in the most recent planetary science decadal survey: Provided further , 
That the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall use the Space Launch System as the launch vehicle for the Jupiter Europa mission, plan for a launch no later than 2022, and include in the fiscal year 2017 budget the 5year funding profile necessary to achieve these goals. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of aeronautics research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $640,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of space technology research and development 
activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $686,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
$133,000,000 shall be for the RESTORE satellite servicing program for completion of preformulation and initiation of formulation activities for RESTORE and such funds shall not support activities solely needed for the asteroid redirect mission. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of exploration research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $4,030,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That not less than 
$1,270,000,000 shall be for the Orion Multi Purpose Crew Vehicle: Provided further , That 
not less than $2,000,000,000 shall be for the Space Launch System (SLS) launch vehicle, which shall have a lift capability not less than 130 metric tons and which shall have core elements and an enhanced upper stage developed simultaneously: Provided further , 
That of the amounts provided for SLS, not less than $85,000,000 shall be for enhanced upper stage development: Provided further , 
That $410,000,000 shall be for exploration ground systems: Provided further , That the 
National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives 
and the Senate, concurrent with the annual budget submission, a 5year budget profile and funding projection that adheres to a 70 percent Joint Confidence Level and is consistent with the Key Decision Point C (KDP– C) for the SLS and with the management agreement contained in the KDP–C for the Orion MultiPurpose Crew Vehicle: Provided 
further , That $350,000,000 shall be for exploration research and development. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of space operations research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support and services; space flight, spacecraft control and communications activities, including operations, production, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $5,029,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of aerospace and aeronautical education research 
and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $115,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which $18,000,000 shall be for the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research and $40,000,000 shall be for the National Space Grant College program. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of science, aeronautics, space technology, exploration, space operations and education research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $63,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $2,768,600,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
facilities including repair, rehabilitation, revitalization, and modification of facilities, construction of new facilities and additions to existing facilities, facility planning and design, and restoration, and acquisition or condemnation of real property, as authorized by law, and environmental compliance and restoration, $388,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided , That proceeds from leases deposited into this account shall be available for a period of 5 years to the extent and in amounts as provided in annual appropriations Acts: Provided further , 
That such proceeds referred to in the preceding proviso shall be available for obligation for fiscal year 2016 in an amount not to exceed $9,470,300: Provided further , That each 
annual budget request shall include an annual estimate of gross receipts and collections and proposed use of all funds collected pursuant to section 20145 of title 51, United States Code. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, $37,400,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
authorized shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until the prize is claimed or the offer is withdrawn. 
Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Balances so transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and the 
which transferred. Any transfer pursuant to this provision shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
shall be provided by NASA at the theme, program, project and activity level. The spending plan, as well as any subsequent change of an amount established in that spending plan that meets the notification requirements of section 505 of this Act, shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
Spaceflight Activities contained within the Exploration account may be transferred to the Space Operations account for such activities. Balances so transferred shall be merged with the funds in the Space Operations account and shall be available under the same terms, conditions and period of time as previously appropriated. 
For the closeout of all Space Shuttle contracts and associated programs, amounts that have expired but have not been cancelled in the Exploration, Space Operations, Human Space Flight, Space Flight Capabilities, and Exploration Capabilities appropriations accounts shall remain available through fiscal year 2025 for the liquidation of valid obligations incurred during the period of fiscal year 2001 through fiscal year 2013. 
National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), and Public Law 86–209 (42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq.); services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; maintenance and operation of aircraft and purchase of flight services for research support; acquisition of aircraft; and authorized travel; $6,033,645,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which not to exceed $540,000,000 shall remain available until expended for polar research and operations support, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for operational and science support and logistical and other related activities for the United States Antarctic program: Provided , That receipts for scientific 
support services and materials furnished by the National Research Centers and other National Science Foundation supported research facilities may be credited to this appropriation. 
construction, commissioning, and upgrading of major research equipment, facilities, and other such capital assets pursuant to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), including authorized travel, $200,310,000, to remain available until expended. 
science, mathematics and engineering education and human resources programs and 
activities pursuant to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, authorized travel, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $880,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For agency operations and award management necessary in carrying out the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 
1861 et seq.); services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia; and reimbursement of the Department of Homeland Security for security guard services; $330,000,000: Provided , That 
not to exceed $8,280 is for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That contracts may be entered into 
under this heading in fiscal year 2016 for maintenance and operation of facilities and for other services to be provided during the next fiscal year: Provided further , That of the 
amount provided for costs associated with the acquisition, occupancy, and related costs of new headquarters space, not more than $30,770,000 shall remain available until expended. 
of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, and the employment of experts and consultants under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code) involved in carrying out section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863) and Public Law 86–209 (42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq.), $4,370,000: Provided , That 
not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General as authorized by the Inspector General Act of 1978, $15,160,000, of which $400,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the National Science Foundation in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Science Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
on Civil Rights, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, $9,200,000: Provided , That 
none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to employ any individuals under Schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations exclusive of one special assistant for each Commissioner: Provided further , That none of the 
funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be used to reimburse Commissioners for more than 75 billable days, with the exception of the chairperson, who is permitted 125 billable days: Provided further , That none of the funds 
appropriated in this paragraph shall be used for any activity or expense that is not explicitly authorized by section 3 of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983 (42 U.S.C. 1975a). 
For necessary expenses of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission as authorized by title VII of the Civil Rights Act 
may take no action to implement any workforce repositioning, restructuring, or reorganization until such time as the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate have been notified of such proposals, in accordance with the reprogramming requirements of section 505 of this Act: Provided further , That the Chair is 
authorized to accept and use any gift or donation to carry out the work of the Commission. 
For necessary expenses of the International Trade Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and representation expenses, $88,500,000, to remain available until expended. 
That the authorities provided in section 205 of this Act shall be applicable to the Legal Services Corporation: Provided further , That, 
for the purposes of section 505 of this Act, the Legal Services Corporation shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. 
to the Legal Services Corporation shall be expended for any purpose prohibited or limited by, or contrary to any of the provisions of, sections 501, 502, 503, 504, 505, and 506 of Public Law 105–119, and all funds appropriated in this Act to the Legal Services Corporation shall be subject to the same terms 
and conditions set forth in such sections, except that all references in sections 502 and 503 to 1997 and 1998 shall be deemed to refer instead to 2015 and 2016, respectively. 
Mammal Commission as authorized by title II of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.), $3,431,000. 
United States Trade Representative, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and the employment of experts and consultants as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $54,500,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided , That not to exceed $124,000 
shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
For necessary expenses of the State Justice Institute, as authorized by the State Justice Institute Authorization Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10701 et seq.) $5,121,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That not to exceed 
$2,250 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That, for the purposes of section 505 of 
this Act, the State Justice Institute shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. 
application of such provision to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid, the remainder of the Act and the application of each provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid shall not be affected thereby. 
and Justice, the National Science Foundation, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a quarterly report on the status of balances of appropriations at the account level. For unobligated, uncommitted balances and unobligated, committed balances the quarterly reports shall separately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of appropriation from which the balances were derived. For balances that are obligated, but unexpended, the quarterly reports shall separately identify amounts by the year of obligation. 
shall be submitted within 30 days of the end of each quarter. 
the authority to transfer funds between appropriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addition to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further , That use of funds to 
carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further , That for the Department of Commerce, this section shall also apply to 
actions taken for the care and protection of loan collateral or grant property. 
Act shall be available to promote the sale or export of tobacco or tobacco products, or to seek the reduction or removal by any foreign country of restrictions on the marketing of tobacco or tobacco products, except for restrictions which are not applied equally to all tobacco or tobacco products of the same type. 
of such Act, of the amounts available from the Fund for obligation, $10,000,000 shall remain available until expended to the Department of Justice Office of Inspector General for oversight and auditing purposes. 
to the Department of Justice in this Act may be used to discriminate against or denigrate the religious or moral beliefs of students who participate in programs for which financial assistance is provided from those funds, or of the parents or legal guardians of such students. 
in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. 
used to implement EGovernment Initiatives shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act. 
Department of Commerce, the Department of Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Science Foundation, and the Legal Services Corporation shall conduct audits, pursuant to the Inspector General Act (5 U.S.C. App.), of grants or contracts for which funds are appropriated by this Act, and shall submit reports to Congress on the progress of such audits, which may include preliminary findings and a description of areas of particular interest, within 180 days after initiating such an audit and every 180 days thereafter until any such audit is completed. 
individual, the public access to which could be used to commit identity theft or for other inappropriate or unlawful purposes. 
funded by amounts appropriated by this Act shall submit a statement to the Secretary of Commerce, the Attorney General, the Administrator, Director, or President, as appropriate, certifying that no funds derived from the grant or contract will be made available 
through a subcontract or in any other manner to another person who has a financial interest in the person awarded the grant or contract. 
days after the date on which the Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Government Ethics, determines that a uniform set of rules and requirements, substantially similar to the requirements in such subsections, consistently apply under the executive branch ethics program to all Federal departments, agencies, and entities. 
or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Science Foundation to acquire a highimpact or moderateimpact information system, as defined for security categorization in the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s (NIST) Federal Information Processing Standard Publication 199, ‘‘Standards for Security Categorization of Federal Information and Information Systems’’ unless the 
information systems against criteria developed by NIST to inform acquisition decisions for highimpact and moderateimpact information systems within the Federal Government; 
presumptive awardee against available and relevant threat information provided by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and other appropriate agencies; and 
appropriate Federal entity, conducted an assessment of any risk of cyberespionage or sabotage associated with the acquisition of such system, including any risk associated with such system being produced, manufactured, or assembled by one or more entities identified by the United States Government as posing a cyber threat, including but not limited to, those that may be owned, directed, or subsidized by the People’s Republic of China. 
and supply chain risk management experts, a mitigation strategy for any identified risks; 
system is in the national interest of the United States; and 
Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the agency Inspector General. 
in this Act shall be used in any way whatsoever to support or justify the use of torture by any official or contract employee of the United States Government. 
provision of law or treaty, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act or any other Act may be expended or obligated by a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States to pay administrative expenses or to compensate an officer or employee of the United States in connection with requiring an export license for the export to Canada of components, parts, accessories or attachments 
complete breech mechanisms for any firearm listed in Category I, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Municipal Government of Canada; or 
in this Act may be used to include in any new bilateral or multilateral trade agreement the text of— 
in this Act may be used to authorize or issue a national security letter in contravention of any of the following laws authorizing the Federal Bureau of Investigation to issue national security letters: The Right to Financial Privacy Act; The Electronic Communications Privacy Act; The Fair Credit Reporting Act; The National Security Act of 
1947; USA PATRIOT Act; USA FREEDOM Act of 2015; and the laws amended by these Acts. 
the program manager of a project within the jurisdiction of the Departments of Commerce or Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Science Foundation totaling more than $75,000,000 has reasonable cause to believe that the total program cost has increased by 10 percent or more, the program manager shall immediately inform the respective Secretary, Administrator, or Director. The Secretary, Administrator, or Director shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations within 30 days in writing of such increase, and shall include in such notice: the date on which such determination was made; a statement of the reasons for such increases; the action taken and proposed to be taken to control future cost growth of the project; changes made in the performance or schedule milestones and the degree to which such changes have contributed to the increase in total program costs or procurement costs; new estimates of the total project or procurement costs; and a statement validating that the project’s management structure is adequate to control total project or procurement costs. 
or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence or intelligence related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2016 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $5,000,000 or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the contract or grant that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, the contractor or grantee has filed all Federal tax returns required during the three years preceding the certification, has not been convicted of a criminal offense under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and has not, more than 90 days prior to certification, been notified of any unpaid Federal tax assessment for which the liability remains unsatisfied, unless the assessment is the subject of an installment agreement or offer in compromise that has been approved by the Internal Revenue Service and is not in default, or the assessment is the subject of a nonfrivolous administrative or judicial proceeding. 
from prior year appropriations available to the Department of Commerce’s Economic Development Administration, Economic Development Assistance Programs, $10,000,000 are rescinded, not later than September 30, 2016. 
to the Department of Justice, the following funds are hereby rescinded, not later than September 30, 2016, from the following accounts in the specified amounts— 
in this Act may be used to purchase first class or premium airline travel in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 
in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 employees from a Federal department or agency, who are stationed in the United States, at any single conference occurring outside the United States unless such conference is a 
law enforcement training or operational conference for law enforcement personnel and the majority of Federal employees in attendance are law enforcement personnel stationed outside the United States. 
otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
made available in this Act should be used to purchase light bulbs that are ‘‘Energy Star’’ qualified or have the ‘‘Federal Energy Management Program’’ designation. 
in expired grant accounts that may be returned to the Treasury of the United States. 
on the total number of expired grant accounts with undisbursed balances (on the first day of each fiscal year) for the department, agency, or instrumentality and the total finances that have not been obligated to a specific project remaining in the accounts. 
this Act may be used to effectuate the hosting of official Chinese visitors at facilities belonging to or utilized by NASA. 
of technology, data, or other information with national security or economic security implications to China or a Chineseowned company; and 
with officials who have been determined by the United States to have direct involvement with violations of human rights. 
by this Act may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel to deny, or fail to act on, an application for the importation of any model of shotgun if— 
such model of shotgun, in the same configuration, had been denied by the Attorney General prior to January 1, 2011, on the basis that the shotgun was not particularly suitable for or readily adaptable to sporting purposes. 
the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, adjudication, or other law enforcement or victim assistance related activity. 
and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Science Foundation, the Commission on Civil Rights, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the International Trade Commission, the Legal Services Corporation, the 
Marine Mammal Commission, the Offices of Science and Technology Policy and the United States Trade Representative, and the State Justice Institute shall submit spending plans, signed by the respective department or agency head, to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
branch department, agency, board, commission, or office funded by this Act shall submit annual reports to the Inspector General or senior ethics official for any entity without an Inspector General, regarding the costs and contracting procedures related to each conference held by any such department, agency, board, commission, or office during fiscal year 2016 for which the cost to the United States Government was more than $100,000. 
to determine which costs relate to the conference; and 
conducted by the departmental component or office in evaluating potential contractors for the conference. 
appropriated by this Act may not be used for the purpose of defraying the costs of a banquet or conference that is not directly and programmatically related to the purpose for which the grant or contract was awarded, such as a banquet or conference held in connection with planning, training, assessment, review, or other routine purposes related to a project funded by the grant or contract. 
Act may be used for travel and conference activities that are not in compliance with Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012 or any subsequent revisions to that memorandum. 
by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. 
department, agency, board, commission, or office funded by this Act shall require that all contracts within their purview that provide award fees link such fees to successful acquisition outcomes, specifying the terms of cost, schedule, and performance. 
been judged to be below satisfactory performance or for performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. 
shall be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978, or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to the Inspector General and expressly limits the Inspector General’s right of access. A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with access to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. Each Inspector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure relevant to the information provided by the establishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978. Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this requirement. 
the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the National Science Foundation shall provide a quarterly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on any official travel to China by any employee of such Department or agency, including the purpose of such travel. 
in this Act to the Department of Justice may be used, with respect to any of the States of Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin, and Wyoming, or with respect to the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico, to prevent any of them from implementing their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of medical marijuana. 
by this Act may be used in contravention of section 7606 (‘‘Legitimacy of Industrial Hemp Research’’) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79) by the Department of Justice or the Drug Enforcement Administration. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $41,045,562,000. 
subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $27,835,183,000. 
subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $12,859,152,000. 
subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $27,679,066,000. 
gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, 
$12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $39,600,172,000: Provided , That not 
to exceed $15,055,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $5,718,074,000. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $35,727,457,000: Provided , That not to exceed 
$7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as authorized by law, $32,105,040,000: Provided , That not more than $15,000,000 may 
be used for the Combatant Commander Initiative Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this 
of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further , That 
$9,031,000, to remain available until expended, is available only for expenses relating to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance appropriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further , That any ceiling on 
the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and maintenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided 
under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY 
necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $2,646,911,000. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $998,481,000. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $274,526,000. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $2,980,768,000. 
administering the Army National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in nonFederal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the National Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment (including aircraft), $6,595,483,000. 
administering the Air National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in nonFederal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; supplying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those furnished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; travel expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically 
United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,078,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official representation purposes. 
$234,829,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or 
part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided 
under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
$300,000,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further , That 
upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the 
transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
$368,131,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided 
or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the transfer authority 
any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
to remain available until transferred: Provided , That the Secretary of Defense shall, 
upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of Defense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further , That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
$231,217,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the Department of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further , That 
upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the 
transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
For expenses relating to the Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid programs of the Department of Defense (consisting of the programs provided under sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $103,266,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
former Soviet Union and, with appropriate authorization by the Department of Defense and Department of State, to countries outside of the former Soviet Union, including assistance provided by contract or by grants, for facilitating the elimination and the safe and secure transportation and storage of nuclear, chemical and other weapons; for establishing programs to prevent the proliferation of weapons, weapons components, and weaponrelated technology and expertise; for programs relating to the training and support of defense and military personnel for demilitarization and protection of weapons, weapons components, and weapons technology and expertise, and for defense and military contacts, $358,496,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. TITLE III 
For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $5,866,367,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,600,957,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,951,646,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,245,426,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and nontracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support 
equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $5,718,811,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $17,521,209,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and related support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $3,049,542,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $651,920,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For expenses necessary for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and armament thereof, plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, as follows: 
for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided , That additional obligations may be incurred after September 30, 2020, for engineering services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Provided further , That none of the funds provided 
under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be constructed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further , That none of the 
funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards. 
For procurement, production, and modernization of support equipment and materials not otherwise provided for, Navy ordnance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $6,484,257,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For expenses necessary for the procurement, manufacture, and modification of missiles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools, and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; vehicles for the Marine Corps, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $1,186,812,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, and modification of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground 
handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $15,756,853,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, and modification of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $2,912,131,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, and modification of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $2,812,159,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,744,993,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; lease of passenger motor vehicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the 
foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $18,311,882,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procurement, production, and modification of equipment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $5,245,443,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For activities by the Department of Defense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2078, 2091, 2092, and 2093), $76,680,000, to remain available until expended. 
For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $7,565,327,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017. 
For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $18,117,677,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017: Provided , That funds appropriated in 
this paragraph which are available for the V– 22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. 
For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $25,217,148,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017. 
the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and determined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $18,695,955,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017: Provided , That, 
of the funds made available in this paragraph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program shall only be available for 
expenses, not otherwise provided for, to include program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept demonstration; engineering, testing, and validation; and transition to fullscale production: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program to appropriations for research, development, test and evaluation to accomplish the purpose provided herein: Provided further, That 
this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That 
the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer. 
necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, production decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $188,558,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017. 
For National Defense Sealift Fund programs, projects, and activities, and for expenses of the National Defense Reserve Fleet, as established by section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. App. 1744), and for the necessary expenses to maintain and preserve a U.S.flag merchant fleet to serve the national security needs of the United States, $474,164,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That 
none of the funds provided in this paragraph shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of any of the following major components unless such components are manufactured in the United States: auxiliary equipment, including pumps, for all shipboard services; propulsion system components (engines, reduction gears, and propellers); shipboard cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes: Provided further, That the exercise of an option in a contract awarded through the obligation of previously appropriated funds shall not be considered to be the award of a new contract: Provided further , That none of the funds provided in this paragraph shall be used to award a new contract for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels, including procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future: Provided further , That the Secretary of the military department responsible for such procurement may waive the restrictions in the first proviso on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. TITLE VI 
for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $32,329,490,000; of which $29,842,167,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017, and of which up to $14,579,612,000 may be available for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $365,390,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018, shall be for procurement; and of which $2,121,933,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation: Provided , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV prevention educational activities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assistance activities conducted primarily in African nations: Provided further , That of the 
funds provided under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $943,300,000 shall be made available to the United States Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congressionally directed medical research programs. 
necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provisions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chemical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $699,821,000, of which $118,198,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $50,743,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program, consisting of $21,289,000 for activities on military installations and $29,454,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to assist State and local governments; $2,281,000 shall be for procurement, to remain available until September 30, 2018, of which $2,281,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments; and $579,342,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation, of which $569,339,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alternatives program. 
For drug interdiction and counterdrug activities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military personnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and maintenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $1,050,598,000, of which $716,109,000 shall be for counternarcotics support; $121,589,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; $192,900,000 shall be for the National Guard counterdrug program; and $20,000,000 shall be for the National Guard counterdrug schools program: Provided , That the funds 
appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided 
or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the transfer authority 
provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained elsewhere in this Act. 
the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $312,559,000, of which $310,459,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and payments may be made on the Inspector General’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; and of which $2,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. 
Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, $514,000,000. 
contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. 
provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any person not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided , That salary increases 
granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of Defense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase authorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is computed under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in excess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own employees, whichever is higher: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to Department of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplomatic missions whose pay is set by the Department of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further , That the limitations of this provision shall not apply to foreign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. 
contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. 
appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided , That this section 
shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components 
or summer camp training of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further , 
That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other authority in this Act: Provided further , That no 
part of the funds in this Act shall be available to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for reprogramming of funds, unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple 
reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2016: Provided further , That transfers among military personnel appropriations shall not be taken into account for purposes of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this section. 
purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided , 
enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2016: Provided , That the report shall include— 
separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; 
subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: 
cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided , That transfers may be made 
transfers may be made between working capital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed transfer: Provided further , That except in amounts 
equal to the amounts appropriated to working capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war reserve material inventory, unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. 
may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 calendar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. 
of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quantity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s liability: Provided further , That no part of any 
appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear contract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifically provided in this Act: Provided further , 
That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30day prior notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further , That the execution of 
multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further , That none of the funds provided in this Act may be used for a 
multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— 
to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procurement of aircraft, that includes, for any aircraft unit to be procured through the contract for which procurement funds are requested in that budget request for production beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; 
do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor associated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; 
the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and 
adjustment based on a failure to award a followon contract. 
available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humanitarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided further , That upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such facilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian patients from American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, and Guam. 
Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) civilian personnel at the Department of Army Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories may not be managed on 
the basis of the Table of Distribution and Allowances, and the management of the workforce strength shall be done in a manner consistent with the budget available with respect to such Laboratories. 
by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before the Congress. 
by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army participating as a fulltime student and receiving benefits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Benefits Fund when time spent as a fulltime student is credited toward completion of a service commitment: Provided , That this section shall not apply to 
those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Provided further, That this section applies only to active 
this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot MentorProte ´ge´Program may be transferred 
to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a MentorProte ´ge´Program developmental assistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the authority of this provision or any other transfer authority contained in this Act. 
may be available for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manufactured in the United States: Provided , That 
for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further , That for 
the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further , That when adequate 
domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. 
‘‘Working Capital Fund, Army’’, $145,000,000 shall be available to maintain competitive rates at the arsenals. 
the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to demilitarize or destroy small arms ammunition or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for further use. 
funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, 
unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Capital Region: Provided , That the Secretary of 
Defense may waive this restriction on a case bycase basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. 
this Act, $15,000,000 shall be available for incentive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Provided , That a prime contractor or a 
for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international political or psychological activities. 
in this Act, not less than $39,500,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corporation, of which— 
waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counterdrug activities in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. 
nonprofit membership corporation consisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. 
Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, except when acting in a technical advisory capacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a 
paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided , That a member of any 
such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. 
law, none of the funds available to the department from any source during fiscal year 2016 may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Government grants, for absorption of contract overruns, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include employee participation in community service and/or development: Provided , That up to 1 percent of funds 
provided in this Act for support of defense FFRDCs may be used for planning and design of scientific or engineering facilities: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense 
shall notify the congressional defense committees 15 days in advance of exercising the authority in the previous proviso. 
law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2016, not more than 5,750 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided , 
That, of the specific amount referred to previously in this subsection, not more than 1,125 staff years may be funded for the defense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided 
to staff years funded in the National Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Military Intelligence Program (MIP). 
submission of the department’s fiscal year 2017 budget request, submit a report presenting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each defense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates. 
this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $65,000,000. 
or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Governmentowned facility or property under the control of the Department of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Provided , That these procurement restrictions 
shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of carbon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided further, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That these restrictions shall not apply 
to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Services Committee of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defense related articles, through competition between Department of Defense depot maintenance activities and private firms: Provided , 
That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency concerned, with power of delegation, shall certify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further , 
That Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. 
‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 
provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. 
tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Secretary. 
means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Secretary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 479a–1). 
appropriations which are available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. 
a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or 
center, or place on probation a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated January 27, 2014. 
issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobaccorelated products in military resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local community: Provided, That such regulations 
shall direct that the prices of tobacco or tobaccorelated products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. 
year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the purpose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to customers of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fiscal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for procurement. 
the Department of Defense as well as all justification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2017 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropriation contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2017 procurement appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. 
by this Act for programs of the Central Intelligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund during this or any prior or subsequent fiscal year shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That any funds appropriated 
or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and development acquisition, for agent operations, and 
for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environmental impacts, including training and technical assistance to tribes, related administrative support, the gathering of information, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. 
that a person has been convicted of intentionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall determine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the person should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. 
by this Act and hereafter shall be available for a contract for studies, analysis, or consulting services entered into without competition on the basis of an unsolicited proposal unless the head of the activity responsible for the procurement determines— 
an unsolicited proposal which offers significant scientific or technological promise, represents the product of original thinking, and was submitted in confidence by one source; or 
advantage of unique and significant industrial accomplishment by a specific concern, or to insure that a new product or idea of a specific concern is given financial support: 
apply to contracts in an amount of less than $25,000, contracts related to improvements of equipment that is in development or production, or contracts as to which a civilian official of the Department of Defense, who has been confirmed by the Senate, determines that the award of such contract is in the interest of the national defense. 
Armed Forces or civilian employee of the department who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. 
a publicprivate competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organization plan developed by such activity or function; 
health insurance plan available to the workers who are to be employed in the performance of that activity or function under the contract; or 
sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian employees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. 
title 10, United States Code, and notwithstanding any administrative regulation, requirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or industrial type function of the Department of Defense that— 
contracts or contracts for depot maintenance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. 
amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: 
‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, 2015/2016, $718,500,000; and 
this Act may be used to reduce the authorized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air National Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force 
Reserve for the purpose of applying any administratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military technicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that purpose. 
for operation and maintenance of the Military Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the National Guard and Reserve provide intelligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Military Intelligence Program: Provided , That 
nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. 
the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counterdrug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. 
by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domestic origin: Provided , That the Secretary of 
the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further , That this restriction 
shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commercial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the restriction shall apply to ball or roller bearings purchased as end items. 
by this Act for Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle service competitive procurements may be used unless the competitive procurements are open for award to all certified providers of Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicleclass systems: Provided , That the award 
shall be made to the provider that offers the 
best value to the government: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, award may be made to a launch service provider competing with any certified launch vehicle in its inventory regardless of the country of origin of the rocket engine that will be used on its launch vehicle, in order to ensure robust competition and continued assured access to space. 
Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organizations and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. 
may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. 
the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a contractor under a contract with the Department of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— 
in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and 
no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred, to be used in support of such personnel in connection with support and services for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. 
the case of an appropriation account of the Department of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of section 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance, an obligation or an adjustment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— 
chargeable (except as to amount) to the expired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that account; 
chargeable to any current appropriation account of the Department of Defense; and 
in the case of an expired account, if subsequent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the account, any charge to a current account under the authority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Provided further , That the total amount charged 
to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. 
provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equipment of the National Guard Distance Learning Project by any person or entity on a spaceavailable, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall establish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a casebycase basis. 
shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. 
the Department of Defense may be obligated to modify command and control relationships to give Fleet Forces Command operational and administrative control of United States Navy forces assigned to the Pacific fleet: Provided, That the command and control relationships which existed on October 1, 2004, shall remain in force unless changes are specifically authorized in a subsequent Act: Provided further, That this section does 
not apply to administrative control of Navy Air and Missile Defense Command. 
Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide’’, $25,000,000 shall be for continued implementation and expansion of the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Counsel Program: Provided , That the funds are 
made available for transfer to the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force: Provided further , That funds transferred shall 
be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are transferred: Provided further , That this transfer 
authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. 
title IV of this Act may be used to procure enditems for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use or inventory requirements: Provided , That this restriction does not apply to enditems used in development, prototyping, and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further , That this 
restriction does not apply to programs funded within the National Intelligence Program: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case bycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. 
may, on a casebycase basis, waive with respect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from foreign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limitation with respect to that country would invalidate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate reciprocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 
2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. 
on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
of the cost and infrastructure investment required to consolidate or relocate a RED HORSE squadron outside of the United States versus within the United States; 
committees a report detailing the findings of the cost analysis; and 
defense committees that the preferred site for the consolidation or relocation yields the greatest savings for the Air Force: 
this section does not include any territory or possession of the United States. 
or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Department of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. 
waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national interest to do so. 
continue to provide a classified quarterly report to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. 
based elements of the National Ballistic Missile Defense System. 
by this Act shall be used for the support of any nonappropriated funds activity of the Department of Defense that procures malt beverages and wine with nonappropriated funds for resale (including such alcoholic beverages sold by the drink) on a military installation located in the United States unless such malt beverages and wine are procured within that State, or in the case of the District of Columbia, within the District of Columbia, in which the military installation is located: Provided , That, in a case in which 
the military installation is located in more than one State, purchases may be made in any State in which the installation is located: Provided further , That such local procurement requirements for malt beverages and wine shall apply to all alcoholic beverages only for military installations in States which are not contiguous with another State: Provided further , That alcoholic 
beverages other than wine and malt beverages, in contiguous States and the District of Columbia shall be procured from the most competitive source, price and other factors considered. 
this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $76,611,750 shall remain available until expended: Provided , That, 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further , That 
the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the acquisition of real property, construction, personal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further , That contracts entered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Provided further , That projects authorized by 
this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the maximum extent consistent with the national security, as determined by the Secretary of 
for the National Intelligence Program budget, including through the creation of a new appropriation or new appropriation account; 
budget request is presented in the unclassified P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; 
and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal reporting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management processes. Such study shall include a comprehensive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. 
agencies attesting that the proposed alternatives will help achieve auditability, improve fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and 
alter or affect the application of section 1633 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 to the amounts made available by this Act. 
elsewhere in this Act, $5,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until expended: Provided , That notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, that upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc., only for the construction and furnishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible military beneficiary. 
this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’, $487,595,000 shall be for the Israeli Cooperative Programs: Provided, That of this 
amount, $55,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter shortrange rocket threats, subject to the U.S.Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $286,526,000 shall be for the Short Range Ballistic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, including cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program, of 
which $150,000,000 shall be for production activities of SRBMD missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, of which not more than $90,000,000, subject to previously established transfer procedures, may be obligated or expended until establishment of a U.S.Israeli production agreement for 
SRBMD; $89,550,000 shall be for an uppertier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture, of which not more than $15,000,000, subject to previously established transfer procedures, may be obligated or expended until establishment of a U.S.Israeli production agreement; and $56,519,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including development of a long range, ground and airborne, detection suite: Provided further, That funds made available 
under this provision for production of missiles and missile components may be transferred to appropriations available for the procurement of weapons and equipment, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period and the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That the transfer authority 
provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. 
this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, $389,305,000 shall be available until September 30, 2016, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases: Provided, That upon enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropriations in the amounts specified: Provided further, That the amounts 
transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appropriations to which transferred to: 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2009/2016: LPD–17 Amphibious Transport Dock Program $22,860,000; 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2016: LPD–17 Amphibious Transport Dock Program $38,733,000; 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2016: Joint High Speed Vessel $22,597,000; and 
or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2016 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity unless such program, project, or activity must be undertaken immediately in the interest of national security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. 
fiscal year 2017 submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in contingency operations for the Military Personnel accounts, the Operation and Maintenance accounts, the Procurement accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided , That these 
documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency operation, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided further, That these documents shall include estimated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve component, and estimates of the major weapons systems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further , That 
these documents shall include budget exhibits OP–5 and OP–32 (as defined in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two preceding fiscal years. 
may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile defense system. 
or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided , That the Air Force shall allow the 
53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of national defense requirements during the non hurricane season. 
this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized foreign intelligence activities: Provided , That 
information pertaining to United States persons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. 
transfer funds from any available Department of the Navy appropriation to any available Navy ship construction appropriation for the purpose of liquidating necessary changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuations, or rate adjustments for any ship construction program appropriated in law: Provided , That the Secretary may transfer not to exceed $20,000,000 under the authority provided by this section: Provided further , 
That the Secretary may not transfer any funds until 30 days after the proposed transfer has been reported to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, unless a response from the Committees is received sooner: Provided 
to this section shall retain the same period of availability as when originally appropriated: Provided further , That the transfer authority provided by this section is in addition to any other transfer authority contained elsewhere in this Act. 
for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of unmanned aerial vehicles. 
funds made available for this purpose may be used, notwithstanding any other funding authorities for humanitarian assistance, security assistance or combined exercise expenses: Provided further , That funds may not 
be obligated to provide assistance to any foreign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such type of assistance under any other provision of law. 
by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appropriations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2016: Provided , That the 
separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; 
by this Act may be used to retire, divest, realign, or transfer RQ–4B Global Hawk aircraft, or to disestablish or convert units associated with such aircraft. 
by this Act for excess defense articles, assistance under section 1206 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 119 Stat. 3456), or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1) may be used to support any military training or operation that includes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. 
Intelligence Community Management Account for the Program Manager for the Information Sharing Environment, $20,000,000 is available for transfer by the Director of National Intelligence to other departments and agencies for purposes of Government wide information sharing activities: Provided , That funds transferred under this provision are to be merged with and available for the same purposes and time period as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided 
Budget must approve any transfers made under this provision. 
term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on 
of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
continue to report incremental contingency operations costs for Operation Inherent Resolve, Operation Freedom’s Sentinel, and any named successor operations, on a monthly basis and any other operation designated and identified by the Secretary of Defense for the purposes of section 127a of title 10, United States Code, on a semiannual basis in the Cost of War Execution Report as prescribed in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation Department of Defense Instruction 7000.14, Volume 12, Chapter 23 ‘‘Contingency Operations’’, Annex 1, dated September 2005. 
for operation and maintenance may be available for the purpose of making remittances and transfer to the Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. 
its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or 
apply with respect to a contractor’s or subcontractor’s agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be enforced in a court of the United States. 
Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1671 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016). 
report quarterly the numbers of civilian personnel end strength by appropriation account for each and every appropriation account used to finance Federal civilian personnel salaries to the congressional defense committees within 15 days after the end of each fiscal quarter. 
authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple 
reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2016. 
or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guanta ´namo 
Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity except in accordance with sections 1033 and 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). 
‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, up to $1,000,000 shall be available for transfer to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1105). 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles, for any executive fleet, or for any agency’s fleet 
inventory, except in accordance with Presidential MemorandumFederal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. 
or death was not caused by action by an enemy. 
any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as determined by the Secretary of Defense. 
shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. 
this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades or maintenance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and nondeployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accordance with section 1042 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. 
post grant awards on a public Web site in a searchable format. 
by this Act may be used to realign forces at Lajes Air Force Base, Azores, Portugal, until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary of Defense has determined, based on an analysis of operational requirements, that Lajes Air Force Base is not an optimal location for the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex. 
by this Act may be used to fund the performance of a flight demonstration team at a location outside of the United States: Provided , 
That this prohibition applies only if a performance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was canceled during the current fiscal year due to insufficient funding. 
by this Act may be used by the National Security Agency to— 
elsewhere in this Act for basic allowance for housing for military personnel, including active duty, reserve and National Guard personnel, $300,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to military personnel accounts: Provided , That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. 
in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Federal agency not financed by this Act without the express authorization of Congress: Provided , That this limitation shall not apply to 
transfers of funds expressly provided for in Defense Appropriations Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supplemental appropriations for the Department of Defense. 
or otherwise made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 1054 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, regarding transfer of AH–64 Apache helicopters from the Army National Guard to regular Army. 
in this Act may be obligated for activities authorized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or expand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals unless the congressional defense committees are notified in accordance with the direction contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided , That none of the funds 
made available in this Act may be used under section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military operation being conducted by United States Special Operations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense may waive the prohibitions in this section if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by extraordinary circumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the congressional defense committees of such waiver. 
by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). 
by this Act may be used to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, or prepare to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, any A– 10 aircraft, or to disestablish any units of the active or reserve component associated with such aircraft. 
$2,800,000 shall be used to support the Department’s activities related to the implementation of the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act (Public Law 113–101; 31 U.S.C. 6101 note) and to support the implementation of a uniform procurement instrument identifier as described in subpart 4.16 of Title 48, Code of Federal Regulations, to include changes in business processes, workforce, or information technology. 
military department responsible for such procurement may waive these restrictions on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely and cost competitive basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. 
title II of this Act are hereby reduced by $389,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds, as follows: 
available to the Department of Defense, the following funds are permanently rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds: Provided , That no amounts 
may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: 
by this Act may be used to divest or retire, or to prepare to divest or retire, KC–10 aircraft. 
by this Act may be used to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, or prepare to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, any EC– 130H aircraft. 
by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or participants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and Department of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (enclosure 3, 14a and 14b). 
by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $171,079,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $3,393,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
Guard Personnel, Army’’, $166,015,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $2,828,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
and Maintenance, Army’’, $14,994,833,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
and Maintenance, Navy’’, $7,169,611,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,372,534,000: Provided , That such amount is 
and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $11,128,813,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by 
and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, $5,665,633,000: Provided , That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $1,160,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for payments to reimburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, including access, provided to United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further , That such 
reimbursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may determine, based on documentation determined by the Secretary of Defense to adequately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclusive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further , That these funds 
may be used for the purpose of providing specialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a nonreimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further , That these funds may be 
used to support the Governments of Jordan and Lebanon, in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine, to enhance the ability of the armed forces of Jordan to increase or sustain security along its borders 
and the ability of the armed forces of Lebanon to increase or sustain security along its borders, upon 15 days prior written notification to the congressional defense committees outlining the amounts intended to be provided and the nature of the expenses incurred: Provided further , That of the funds 
provided under this heading, up to $30,000,000 shall be for Operation Observant Compass: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided in this paragraph: Provided 
and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $99,559,000: Provided , That such amount is 
and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $31,643,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by 
and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $58,106,000: Provided , That such amount is 
and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $135,845,000: Provided , That such amount is 
and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $19,900,000: Provided , That such amount is 
Fund’’, $1,100,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such 
funds shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or 
other groups or individuals to conduct, support, or facilitate counterterrorism and crisis response activities: Provided further , That 
funds provided herein to other appropriations provided for in this Act to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and subject to the same authorities and for the same time period as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That the transfer authority under this 
heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further , That the funds available 
under this heading are available for transfer only to the extent that the Secretary of Defense submits a prior approval reprogramming request to the congressional defense committees: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense shall comply with the appropriate vetting standards and procedures established in division C of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015 (Public Law 113–235) for any recipient of training, equipment, or other assistance: Provided further , That the amount provided 
Fund’’, $3,652,257,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such 
funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Commander, Combined Security Transition Command—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s designee, to provide assistance, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to the security forces of Afghanistan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, facility and infrastructure repair, renovation, construction, and funding: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense 
may obligate and expend funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title for additional costs associated with existing projects previously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further , That such costs shall 
be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate adjustments, and other necessary contract actions to complete existing projects, and associated supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction: Provided further , That the Secretary may not 
use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further , 
That the Secretary shall notify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the congressional defense committees: Provided further , That the authority to provide assistance under this heading is in addition to any other authority to provide assistance to foreign nations: Provided further , That contributions of funds for 
the purposes provided herein from any person, foreign government, or international organization may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further , That the 
Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contributions: Provided 
not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense 
shall notify the congressional defense committees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget subactivity groups in excess of $20,000,000: Provided 
equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further , That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan or transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further , That of 
the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruitment and training of female security personnel: Provided further , That such amount is 
$715,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such funds 
shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training; equipment; logistics support, supplies, and services; stipends; infrastructure repair, renovation, and sustainment, to military and other security forces of or associated with the Government of Iraq, including Kurdish and tribal security forces or other local security forces, with a national security mission, to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further , That 
the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to elements of any forces such elements are appropriately vetted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided 
accept and retain contributions, including assistance inkind, from foreign governments, including the Government of Iraq, and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other entities, may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided 
further , That not more than 25 percent of the 
the amount provided under this heading, not more than 60 percent may be obligated or expended until not fewer than 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that an amount equal to not less 
under this heading has been contributed by other countries and entities for the purposes for which funds are provided under this heading, of which at least 50 percent shall have been contributed or provided by the Government of Iraq: Provided further , That the limitation in the preceding proviso shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense determines, in writing, that the national security objectives of the United States will be compromised by the application of the limitation to such assistance, and notifies the appropriate congressional committees not less than 15 days in advance of the exemption taking effect, including a justification for the Secretary’s determination and a description of the assistance to be exempted from the application of such limitation: Provided 
waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary determines such provisions of law would prohibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is submitted to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further , That the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ under this heading means the ‘‘congressional defense committees’’, the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Provided further , That 
Procurement, Army’’, $161,987,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, $37,260,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, $486,630,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Army’’, $222,040,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such amount is designated by 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, $1,175,596,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
Procurement, Navy’’, $210,990,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $117,966,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, $12,186,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Marine Corps’’, $56,934,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
Procurement, Air Force’’, $128,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, $289,142,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, 
$228,874,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such amount 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, $3,477,001,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’, $173,918,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 
combat, tactical and support vehicles; other weapons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,000,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018: Provided , That 
the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense committees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Reserve component: Provided further , That none 
of the funds made available by this paragraph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, munitions, or ammunition: Provided further , 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $1,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such amount 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $35,747,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such amount 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $17,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense Wide’’, $177,087,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such 
Working Capital Funds’’, $88,850,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
Health Program’’, $272,704,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided , 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defense’’, $186,000,000: Provided , That such 
For the ‘‘Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund’’, $349,464,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, 
That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Director of the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization to investigate, develop and provide equipment, supplies, services, training, facilities, personnel and funds to assist United States forces in the defeat of improvised explosive devices: Provided further, That the Secretary 
of Defense may transfer funds provided herein to appropriations for military personnel; operation and maintenance; procurement; research, development, test and evaluation; and defense working capital funds to accomplish the purpose provided herein: Provided 
further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided 
not fewer than 15 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer: Provided 
Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $4,500,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided , That the Secretary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the authority in this section: Provided further , That the 
authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. 
costs and costs for design during construction associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for operation and maintenance or the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of overseas contingency operations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Provided , That, for the 
purpose of this section, supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction include all inhouse Government costs. 
amounts appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to fund the Commanders’ Emergency Response Program (CERP), for the purpose of enabling military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, smallscale, humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility: Provided, That each 
project (including any ancillary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not exceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That not 
later than 45 days after the end of each 6 months of the fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds during that 6month period that were 
made available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further, That, not later than 
30 days after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees quarterly commitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP in Afghanistan: Provided further, That, not less than 15 days before making funds available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein for a project with a total anticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written notice containing each of the following: 
proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military campaign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. 
with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. 
shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees regarding support provided under this section. 
or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: 
or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. 
or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. 
in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other 
Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): 
the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the approval of a financial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the Department of Defense: Provided , That the AROC must approve the requirement and acquisition plan for any service requirements in excess of $50,000,000 annually and any nonstandard equipment requirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further, That the Department 
of Defense must certify to the congressional defense committees that the AROC has convened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the preceding proviso and accompanying report language for the ASFF. 
title to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided , That, 
upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Commander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. 
the Department of Defense in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, up to $80,000,000 may be used by the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to support United 
Iraq by funding the operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq and security assistance teams, including life support, transportation and personal security, and facilities renovation and construction, and site closeout activities prior to returning sites to the Government of Iraq: Provided , That to the extent authorized under 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, the operations and activities that may be carried out by the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, include nonoperational training activities in support of Iraqi Minister of Defense and Counter Terrorism Service personnel in an institutional environment to address capability gaps, integrate processes relating to intelligence, air sovereignty, combined arms, logistics and maintenance, and to manage and integrate defenserelated institutions: Provided further , That not later than 30 days 
following the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for transitioning any such training activities that they determine are needed after the end of fiscal year 2016, to existing or new contracts for the sale of defense articles or defense services consistent with the provisions of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.): Provided further, That, not less than 15 days before making funds available pursuant to the authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written notice containing a detailed justification and timeline for the operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq at each site where such operations and activities will be conducted during fiscal year 2016 : Provided 
by this Act under the heading ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. 
shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training; equipment; lethal weapons of a defensive nature; logistics support, supplies and services; sustainment; and intelligence support to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, and for replacement of any weapons or defensive articles provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States: Provided further , That the 
Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under this heading, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further , That 
the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Ukraine and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further , That equipment procured 
using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the military or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the 
United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further , That amounts 
shall be available for replacement of funds for items provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States to the extent specifically provided for in section 9014 of this Act. 
by this Act under section 9014 for ‘‘Assistance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’ may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. 
counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar eTayyiba, JaisheMohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist organizations, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neighboring countries; 
against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and intelligence agencies are not intervening extrajudicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; 
(IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; 
United States visitors engaged in counterterrorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and 
access to detainees, internally displaced persons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. 
coordination with the Secretary of State, exercises such waiver authority, the Secretaries shall report to the congressional defense committees on both the justification for the waiver and on the requirements of this section that the Government of Pakistan was not able to meet: Provided further , 
That such report may be submitted in classified form if necessary. 
made available in this Act, $500,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the operation and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to improve the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities of the Department of Defense: Provided , That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further , That 
not later than 30 days prior to exercising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the proposed uses of these funds: Provided further , That the funds provided in this 
section may not be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further , 
the authority to provide funding under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2016. 
by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). 
may be made available for the transfer of additional C–130 cargo aircraft to the Afghanistan National Security Forces or the Afghanistan Air Force until the Department of Defense provides a report to the congressional defense committees of the Afghanistan Air Force’s medium airlift requirements. The report should identify Afghanistan’s ability to utilize and maintain existing medium lift aircraft in the inventory and the best alternative platform, if necessary, to provide additional support to the Afghanistan Air Force’s current medium airlift capacity. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
DIVISION D—ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The following appropriations shall be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. 
by law for the collection and study of basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of proposed river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related efforts prior to construction; for restudy of authorized projects; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of projects prior to construction, $121,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That the Secretary may 
initiate up to, but not more than, 10 new study starts during fiscal year 2016: Provided 
further , That the new study starts will consist of seven studies where the majority of the benefits are derived from navigation transportation savings or from flood and storm damage reduction and three studies where the majority of benefits are derived from environmental restoration: Provided 
from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
For expenses necessary for the construction of river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participation by States, local governments, or private groups) authorized or made eligible for selection by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to construction); $1,862,250,000, to remain available until expended; of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of construction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities program shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover onehalf of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabilitation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifically provided for in law: Provided , That the Secretary may initiate up to, but not more than, six new construction starts during fiscal year 2016: Provided further , That the new 
construction starts will consist of five projects where the majority of the benefits are derived from navigation transportation savings or from flood and storm damage reduction and one project where the majority of the benefits are derived from environmental restoration: Provided further , That for 
new construction projects, project cost sharing agreements shall be executed as soon as practicable but no later than August 31, 2016: Provided further , That no allocation for a new 
start shall be considered final and no work allowance shall be made until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate an outyear funding scenario demonstrating the affordability of the selected new starts and the impacts on other projects: Provided further , That the Secretary 
may not deviate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  
reduction projects and related efforts in the Mississippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $345,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund. 
maintenance, and care of existing river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; providing security for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative buildings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing obstructions to navigation, $3,137,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the special account for the Corps of Engineers established by the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, research, interpretation, and maintenance activities related to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is available; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104–303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Provided , That 1 percent of the total amount of 
funds provided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field operating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appropriate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall allocate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities. 
of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For expenses necessary to clean up contamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $112,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such disasters as authorized by law, $28,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the 
Corps of Engineers and the offices of the Division Engineers; and for costs of management and operation of the Humphreys Engineer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allocable to the civil works program, $179,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided , 
That no part of any other appropriation provided in this title shall be available to fund the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works executive direction and management activities of the division offices: Provided further , That 
any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the supervision and general administration of emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. 
not more than 50 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until the Assistant Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the additional funding provided under each heading in this title (as designated under such heading in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act)) to specific programs, projects, or activities. 
title I of this Act, or provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in title I of this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2016, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: 
program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; 
$100,000, reprogramming of 25 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $150,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Provided , That for a base level less than $100,000, 
further , That up to $25,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropriation for existing obligations and concomitant administrative expenses; 
$2,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $3,000,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Provided , That for a base level less than 
$2,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $300,000: Provided further , That up to $3,000,000 
may be reprogrammed for settled contractor claims, changed conditions, or real estate deficiency judgments: Provided further , That up 
to $300,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropriation for existing obligations and concomitant administrative expenses; 
level over $1,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $5,000,000 per project, study, or activity is allowed: Provided further , That for a base level 
less than $1,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $150,000: Provided further , That $150,000 may 
be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropriation; 
percent of the base of the receiving project is permitted. 
case should a reprogramming for less than $50,000 be submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year which shall include: 
separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if applicable, and the fiscal year enacted level; 
made available in this Act solely in accordance with the provisions of this Act and the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), including the determination and designation of new starts. 
in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to section 101. 
transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and 
expend, up to $5,400,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. 
in this or any other Act making appropriations for Energy and Water Development for any fiscal year may be used by the Corps of Engineers during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, to develop, adopt, implement, administer, or enforce any change to the regulations in effect on October 1, 2012, pertaining to the definitions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ for the purposes of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
be used for an open lake placement alternative of dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries thereto, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to 33 U.S.C. 1341. 
in this title may be used for any acquisition that is not consistent with 48 CFR 225.7007. 
the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $1,000,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided , That of the amount 
provided under this heading, $1,350,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for expenses necessary in carrying out related responsibilities of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided further , That for fiscal year 
2016, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. 
The following appropriations shall be expended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  
For management, development, and restoration of water and related natural resources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilitation of reclamation and other facilities, participation in fulfilling related Federal responsibilities to Native Americans, and related grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local governments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $1,118,972,000, to remain available until expended, of which $22,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,899,000 shall be available for transfer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided , That such transfers may be increased or decreased within the overall appropriation under this heading: Provided further, That of the total appropriated, the 
amount for program activities that can be financed by the Reclamation Fund or the Bureau of Reclamation special fee account established by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further , 
That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Provided further , That funds advanced under 43 
U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same purposes as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further , That of 
the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for highpriority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706. 
available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leasing of water for in stream purposes if the water is already committed to instream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. 
the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environmental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $37,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Federal agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided , That 
funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided further , That 
CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear performance measures demonstrating concurrent progress in achieving the goals and objectives of the Program. 
For expenses necessary for policy, administration, and related functions in the Office of 
the Commissioner, the Denver office, and offices in the five regions of the Bureau of Reclamation, to remain available until September 30, 2017, $59,500,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimbursable as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided , 
That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administration expenses. 
Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclamation shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for replacement only. 
title II of this Act for Water and Related Resources, or provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in title II of this Act for Water and Related Resources that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2016, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— 
project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate; 
project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate; 
activity for which $2,000,000 or more is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; or 
the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category or the Resources Management and Development category to any program, project, or activity in the other category, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate; or 
legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclamation, more than $5,000,000 to provide adequate funds for settled contractor claims, increased contractor earnings due to accelerated rates of operations, and real estate deficiency judgments, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
transfer of funds within the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category. 
transfer means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. 
or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of discharge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Secretary of the Interior and the State of California of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of California as approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. 
Joaquin Valley Drainage Program shall be classified by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursable or nonreimbursable and collected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Program—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ described in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Report, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, February 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future obligations of funds by the United States relating to, or providing for, drainage service or drainage studies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reimbursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal reclamation law. 
‘‘Except as provided in section 5B, construction’’ in section 3; and 
Secretary, in her judgment, determines that additional project benefits, including but not limited to additional conservation storage capacity, are necessary and in the interests of the United States and the project and are feasible and not inconsistent with the purposes of this Act, the Secretary is authorized to develop additional project benefits through the construction of new or supplementary works on a project in conjunction with the Secretary’s activities under section 2 of this Act and subject to the conditions described in the feasibility study, provided a cost share agreement related to the additional project benefits is reached among non Federal and Federal funding participants and the costs associated with developing the additional project benefits are allocated exclusively among beneficiaries of the additional project benefits and repaid consistent with all provisions of Federal Reclamation law (the Act of June 17, 1902, 43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.) and acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act.’’. 
Safety of Dams Act of 1978 (43 U.S.C. 509) is amended in the first sentence— 
2015, not to exceed an additional $1,100,000,000 (October 1, 2003, price levels),’’ after ‘‘(October 1, 2003, price levels),’’; 
‘‘Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate’’; and 
modification expenditures between $1,800,000 and $20,000,000 (October 1, 2015, price levels), the Secretary of the Interior shall, at least 30 days before the date on which the funds are expended, submit written notice of the expenditures to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate that provides a summary of the project, the cost of the project, and any alternatives that were considered.’’. 
Calfed BayDelta Authorization Act) (118 Stat. 1681), as amended by section 210 of Public Law 111–85, is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy efficiency and renewable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $2,073,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of 
such amount, $155,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction: Provided further , That of the amount 
provided under this heading, the Secretary may transfer up to $45,000,000 to the Defense Production Act Fund for activities of the Department of Energy pursuant to the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2061, et seq.). 
For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for electricity delivery and energy reliability activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $206,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of 
For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $986,161,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That of such amount, $80,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction including official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $10,000. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out fossil energy research and development activities, under the authority of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defeasible and equitable interests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition or expansion, and for conducting inquiries, technological investigations and research concerning the extraction, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and environmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $632,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of such amount 
$114,202,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities, $17,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That notwithstanding any other provision of law, unobligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facility development and operations and program management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $212,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $7,600,000, to remain available until expended. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities of the Energy Information Administration, $122,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for nondefense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $255,000,000, to remain available until expended. URANIUM ENRICHMENT DECONTAMINATION AND  
For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out uranium enrichment facility decontamination and decommissioning, remedial actions, and other activities of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, and title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, $673,749,000, to be derived from the Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $32,959,000 shall be available in accordance with title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. 
For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for science activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 17 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only, including one ambulance and one bus, $5,350,200,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of 
such amount, $185,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction: Provided further , That of such amount, 
not more than $115,000,000 shall be made available for the inkind contributions and related support activities of ITER: Provided 
further , That not later than May 2, 2016, the 
Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report recommending either that the United States remain a partner in the ITER project after October 2017 or terminate participation, which shall include, as applicable, an estimate of either the full cost, by fiscal year, of all future Federal funding requirements for construction, operation, and maintenance of ITER or the cost of termination. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities authorized by section 5012 of the America COMPETES Act (Public Law 110–69), $291,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That of such amount, $29,250,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
for necessary administrative expenses to carry out this Loan Guarantee program, $42,000,000 is appropriated, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further, That $25,000,000 of the fees collected 
in violation of section 609.10 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations. 
expenses necessary in carrying out the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, $6,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For salaries and expenses of the Department of Energy necessary for departmental administration in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $248,142,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $30,000, plus such additional amounts as necessary to cover increases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwithstanding the provisions of the AntiDeficiency Act (31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.): Provided , That such increases in 
cost of work are offset by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Provided further, That moneys received by the Department for miscellaneous revenues estimated to total $117,171,000 in fiscal year 2016 may be retained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238, notwithstanding the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further , 
That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $130,971,000: Provided further , That of the total amount 
made available under this heading, $31,297,000 is for Energy Policy and Systems Analysis. 
Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $46,424,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for atomic energy defense weapons activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $8,846,948,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of 
such amount, $97,118,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction: Provided further , That funding made 
available under this heading may be made available for project engineering and design for the Albuquerque Complex Project. 
For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for defense nuclear nonproliferation activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $1,940,302,000, to remain available until expended. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary for naval reactors activities to carry 
Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition (by purchase, condemnation, construction, or otherwise) of real property, plant, and capital equipment, facilities, and facility expansion, $1,375,496,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of 
such amount, $42,504,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
For expenses necessary for Federal Salaries and Expenses in the National Nuclear Security Administration, $383,666,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, including official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $12,000: Provided , That 
of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available under this heading, $19,900,000 is hereby rescinded: Provided further, That no amounts may be rescinded 
from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for atomic energy defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and the purchase of not to exceed one fire apparatus pumper truck and one armored vehicle for replacement only, $5,289,742,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of such amount 
$281,951,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classified activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $776,425,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of such amount, 
$249,137,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
Administration Fund, established pursuant to Public Law 93–454, are approved for the Shoshone Paiute Trout Hatchery, the Spokane Tribal Hatchery, the Snake River Sockeye Weirs and, in addition, for official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided , That 
during fiscal year 2016, no new direct loan obligations may be made. 
maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, including transmission wheeling and ancillary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the southeastern power area, $6,900,000, including official reception and 
representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until expended: Provided , That notwithstanding 31 
U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $6,900,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southeastern Power Administration: Provided further , That 
the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $0: Provided further , 
That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $66,500,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further , That 
for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). 
maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of transmission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the Southwestern Power Administration, $47,361,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That notwithstanding 31 
U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), up to $35,961,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southwestern Power Administration: Provided further , That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $11,400,000: Provided further , That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $63,000,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further , That for purposes of 
this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). 
from the Department of the Interior Reclamation Fund: Provided , That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), and section 1 of the Interior Department Appropriation Act, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 392a), up to $214,342,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Western Area Power Administration: Provided further , That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $93,372,000, of which $87,658,000 is derived from the Reclamation Fund: Provided 
up to $352,813,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 and the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further , That 
for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). 
For operation, maintenance, and emergency costs for the hydroelectric facilities at the Falcon and Amistad Dams, $4,490,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund of the Western Area Power Administration, as provided in section 2 of the Act of June 18, 1954 (68 Stat. 255): Provided , That notwithstanding the provisions of that Act and of 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $4,262,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services from the Falcon and Amistad Dams shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the hydroelectric facilities of these Dams and associated Western Area Power Administration activities: Provided further , That the 
sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $228,000: Provided further , 
That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred: Provided further , That for 
fiscal year 2016, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration may accept up to $460,000 in funds contributed by United States power customers of the Falcon and Amistad Dams for deposit into the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund, and such funds shall be available for the purpose for which contributed in like manner as if said sums had been specifically appropriated for such purpose: Provided further, That any such funds shall be available 
without further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation for use by the Commissioner of the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commission for the sole purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, rehabilitating, replacing, or upgrading the hydroelectric facilities at these Dams in accordance with agreements reached between the Administrator, Commissioner, and the power customers. 
For expenses necessary for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provisions of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $319,800,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $319,800,000 of revenues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2016 shall be retained and used for expenses necessary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further , 
That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2016 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0. 
Other Transaction Agreement totaling $1,000,000 or more, including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation; 
the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the conclusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. 
with respect to any program, project, or activity that uses budget authority made available in this title under the heading ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs’’, enter into a multiyear contract, award a multiyear grant, or enter into a multiyear cooperative agreement unless— 
agreement includes a clause conditioning the Federal Government’s obligation on the availability of future year budget authority and the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 days in advance. 
title may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Department shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program, project, or activity funding level to increase or decrease by more than $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. 
shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— 
program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act; or 
used for a specific program, project, or activity by this Act. 
any requirement or restriction in this section that applies to the use of funds made available for the Department of Energy if compliance with such requirement or restriction would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. 
appropriations provided for activities in this Act may be available to the same appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this title. Available balances may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. 
other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2016 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
in this title shall be used for the construction of facilities classified as highhazard nuclear facilities under 10 CFR Part 830 unless independent oversight is conducted by the Office of Independent Enterprise Assessments to ensure the project is in compliance with nuclear safety requirements. 
in this title may be used to approve critical decision2 or critical decision3 under Department of Energy Order 413.3B, or any successive departmental guidance, for construction projects where the total project cost exceeds $100,000,000, until a separate independent cost estimate has been developed for the project for that critical decision. 
this Act, none of the funds made available under the heading ‘‘Department of Energy— Energy Programs—Science’’ in this or any subsequent Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies appropriations Act for any fiscal year may be used for a multiyear contract, grant, cooperative agreement, or Other Transaction Agreement of $1,000,000 or less unless the contract, grant, cooperative agreement, or Other Transaction Agreement is funded for the full period of performance as anticipated at the time of award. 
be effective until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, in classified form if necessary, a report on the justification for the waiver. 
The Secretary of Energy may not establish any new regional petroleum product reserve unless funding for the proposed regional petroleum product reserve is explicitly requested in advance in an annual budget submission and approved by the Congress in an appropriations Act. 
operation, and maintenance of the reserve, including funding sources; 
from appropriations are hereby rescinded from the following accounts of the Department of Energy in the specified amounts: 
and Renewable Energy’’, $1,355,149.00 from Public Law 110–161; $627,299.24 from Public Law 111–8; and $1,824,051.94 from Public Law 111–85. 
section from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
prior Acts under the headings ‘‘Fossil Energy Research and Development’’ and ‘‘Clean Coal Technology’’ for prior solicitations under the Clean Coal Power Initiative and FutureGen, not less than $160,000,000 from projects selected under such solicitations that have not reached financial close and have not secured funding sufficient to construct the project prior to 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act shall be deobligated, if necessary, shall be utilized for previously selected demonstration projects under such solicitations that have reached financial close or have otherwise secured funding sufficient to construct the project prior to 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and shall be allocated among such projects in proportion to the total financial contribution by the recipients to those projects stipulated in their respective cooperative agreements. 
not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
programs authorized by the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965, notwithstanding 40 U.S.C. 14704, and for expenses necessary for the Federal CoChairman and the Alternate on the Appalachian Regional Commission, for payment of the Federal share of the administrative expenses of the Commission, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $146,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
For expenses necessary for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out activities authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by Public Law 100– 456, section 1441, $29,150,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
shall be available for construction projects in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of total project cost for distressed communities, as defined by section 307 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (division C, title III, Public Law 105–277), as amended by section 701 of appendix D, title VII, Public Law 106– 113 (113 Stat. 1501A–280), and an amount not to exceed 50 percent for nondistressed communities. 
Border Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $7,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such 
Crescent Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $250,000, to remain available until expended. 
in carrying out the purposes of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, $990,000,000, including official representation expenses not to exceed $25,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of the amount appropriated 
herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2016 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $117,136,000: Provided further , That of the 
amounts appropriated under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for university research and development in areas relevant to their respective organization’s mission, and $5,000,000 shall be for a Nuclear Science and Engineering Grant Program that will support multiyear projects that do not align with programmatic missions but are critical to maintaining the discipline of nuclear science and engineering. 
For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $12,136,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That revenues from 
licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $10,060,000 in fiscal year 2016 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2017, for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 
the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2016 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $2,076,000: Provided further , That of 
the amounts appropriated under this heading, $958,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, which shall not be available from fee revenues. 
Waste Technical Review Board, as authorized by Public Law 100–203, section 5051, $3,600,000, to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
by this title for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program funding level to increase or decrease by more than $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. 
sites to facilitate pumping fuel from fuel transport barges into bulk fuel storage tanks.’’. 
this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. 
any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may be transferred to accounts funded in title III of this Act, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. 
agency funded in this Act utilizing any transfer authority shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a semiannual report detailing the transfer authorities, except for any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality, used in the previous 6 months and in the yearto date. This report shall include the amounts transferred and the purposes for which they were transferred, and shall not replace or modify existing notification requirements for each authority. 
by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order No. 12898 of February 11, 1994 (Federal Actions to Address Environmental Justice in Minority Populations and LowIncome Populations). 
and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
For necessary expenses of the Departmental Offices including operation and maintenance of the Treasury Building and Annex; hire of passenger motor vehicles; maintenance, repairs, and improvements of, and purchase of commercial insurance policies for, real properties leased or owned overseas, when necessary for the performance of official business; executive direction program activities; international affairs and economic policy activities; domestic finance 
and tax policy activities, including technical assistance to Puerto Rico; and Treasury wide management policies and programs activities, $222,500,000: Provided , That of the 
emergencies of a confidential nature to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate; and 
of programs within the Office of Critical Infrastructure Protection and Compliance Policy, including entering into cooperative agreements. 
For development and acquisition of automatic data processing equipment, software, and services and for repairs and renovations to buildings owned by the Department of the Treasury, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That these 
funds shall be transferred to accounts and in amounts as necessary to satisfy the requirements of the Department’s offices, bureaus, and other organizations: Provided further, 
That this transfer authority shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act: Provided further, That none of 
the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to support or supplement ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, Operations Support’’ or ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, Business Systems Modernization’’. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $35,416,000, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature, to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Inspector General of the Treasury; of which up to $2,800,000 to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for audits and investigations conducted pursuant to section 1608 of the Resources and Ecosystems Sustainability, Tourist Opportunities, and Revived Economies of the Gulf Coast States Act of 2012 (33 U.S.C. 1321 note); and of which not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. TREASURY INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR TAX  
Special Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 343), $40,671,000. 
Crimes Enforcement Network, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and training expenses of nonFederal and foreign government personnel to attend meetings and training concerned with domestic and foreign financial intelligence activities, law enforcement, and financial regulation; services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for assistance to Federal law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $112,979,000, of which not to exceed $34,335,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
Bureau of the Fiscal Service, $363,850,000; of which not to exceed $4,210,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, is for information systems modernization initiatives; of which $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses; and of which not to exceed $19,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, is to support the Department’s activities related to implementation of the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act (DATA Act; Public Law 113–101), including changes in business processes, workforce, or information technology to support high quality, transparent Federal spending information. 
Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to reimburse administrative and personnel expenses for financial management of the Fund, as authorized by section 1012 of Public Law 101–380. 
For necessary expenses of carrying out section 1111 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, $106,439,000; of which not to exceed $6,000 for official reception and representation expenses; not to exceed $50,000 for cooperative 
research and development programs for laboratory services; and provision of laboratory assistance to State and local agencies with or without reimbursement: Provided , That of 
the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the costs of accelerating the processing of formula and label applications. 
States Code, the United States Mint is provided funding through the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund for costs associated with the production of circulating coins, numismatic coins, and protective services, including both operating expenses and capital investments: Provided , That the 
aggregate amount of new liabilities and obligations incurred during fiscal year 2016 under such section 5136 for circulating coinage and protective service capital investments of the United States Mint shall not exceed $20,000,000. 
To carry out the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvements Act of 1994 (subtitle A of title I of Public Law 103– 325), including services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for EX–3, $233,523,000. Of the amount appropriated under this heading— 
and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are 
available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $25,000,000; 
until September 30, 2017, for the Bank Enterprise Award program; 
funds available under this heading are available for the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of commitments to guarantee bonds and notes under section 114A of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4713a): Provided , That 
commitments to guarantee bonds and notes under such section 114A shall not exceed $750,000,000: Provided further , That such section 114A shall remain in effect until September 30, 2016. 
Revenue Service to provide taxpayer services, including prefiling assistance and education, filing and account services, taxpayer advocacy services, and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $2,156,554,000, of which not less than $6,500,000 shall be for the Tax Counseling for the Elderly Program, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for lowincome taxpayer clinic grants, and of which not less than $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be available for a Community Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grants program for tax return preparation assistance, of which not less than $206,000,000 shall be available for operating expenses of the Taxpayer Advocate Service: Provided , That of the amounts made 
available for the Taxpayer Advocate Service, not less than $5,000,000 shall be for identity theft casework. 
not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for its major information technology investments, including the purpose and lifecycle stages of the investments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter: Provided further , That the Internal 
Revenue Service shall include, in its budget justification for fiscal year 2017, a summary of cost and schedule performance information for its major information technology systems. 
Revenue Service’s business systems modernization program, $290,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including related Internal Revenue Service labor costs, and contractual costs associated with operations authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided , That not later than 30 
days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for CADE 2 and Modernized eFile information technology investments, including the purposes and lifecycle stages of the investments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and the strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter. 
shall maintain an employee training program, which shall include the following topics: taxpayers’ rights, dealing courteously with taxpayers, crosscultural relations, ethics, and the impartial application of tax law. 
shall institute and enforce policies and procedures that will safeguard the confidentiality of taxpayer information and protect taxpayers against identity theft. 
any other Act to the Internal Revenue Service shall be available for improved facilities and increased staffing to provide sufficient and effective 1–800 help line service for taxpayers. The Commissioner shall continue to make improvements to the Internal Revenue Service 1–800 help line service a priority and allocate resources necessary to enhance the response time to taxpayer communications, particularly with regard to victims of taxrelated crimes. 
to the Internal Revenue Service by this Act may be used to make a video unless the 
ServiceWide Video Editorial Board determines in advance that making the video is appropriate, taking into account the cost, topic, tone, and purpose of the video. 
shall issue a notice of confirmation of any address change relating to an employer making employment tax payments, and such notice shall be sent to both the employer’s former and new address and an officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service shall give special consideration to an offerincompromise from a taxpayer who has been the victim of fraud by a third party payroll tax preparer. 
under this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to target citizens of the United States for exercising any right guaranteed under the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. 
in this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to target groups for regulatory scrutiny based on their ideological beliefs. 
this Act to the Internal Revenue Service shall be obligated or expended on conferences that do not adhere to the procedures, verification processes, documentation requirements, and policies issued by the Chief Financial Officer, Human Capital Office, and AgencyWide Shared Services as a result of the recommendations in the report published on May 31, 2013, by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration entitled ‘‘Review of the August 2010 Small Business/SelfEmployed Division’s Conference in Anaheim, California’’ (Reference Number 2013–10–037). 
in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be obligated or expended— 
account the conduct and Federal tax compliance of such employee or former employee. 
by this Act may be used in contravention of section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to confidentiality and disclosure of returns and return information). 
funds shall supplement, not supplant any other amounts made available by the Internal Revenue Service for such purpose: Provided further , That such funds shall not be 
available until the Commissioner submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a spending plan for such funds: Provided further, That such funds shall not be used to support any provision of Public Law 111–148, 
Public Law 111–152, or any amendment made by either such Public Law. 
of the Treasury in this Act shall be available for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning; purchase of insurance for official motor vehicles operated in foreign countries; purchase of motor vehicles without regard to the general purchase price limitations for vehicles purchased and used overseas for the current fiscal year; entering into contracts with the Department of State for the furnishing of health and medical services to employees and their dependents serving in foreign countries; and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. 
approval of such Committees, not to exceed 2 percent of any such appropriations may be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence’’: Provided further , 
That no transfer under this section may increase or decrease any such appropriation by more than 2 percent. 
may increase or decrease any such appropriation by more than 2 percent. 
this Act or otherwise available to the Department of the Treasury or the Bureau of Engraving and Printing may be used to redesign the $1 Federal Reserve note. 
may transfer funds from the ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal ServiceSalaries and Expenses’’ to the Debt Collection Fund as necessary to cover the costs of debt collection: Provided , That 
such amounts shall be reimbursed to such salaries and expenses account from debt collections received in the Debt Collection Fund. 
otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the United States Mint to construct or operate any museum without the explicit approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the House Committee on Financial Services, and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
otherwise made available by this or any other Act or source to the Department of the Treasury, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, and the United States Mint, individually or collectively, may be used to consolidate any or all functions of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint without the explicit approval of the House Committee on Financial Services; the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; and the Committees on 
Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for the Department of the Treasury’s intelligence or intelligence related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2016 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
available from the Bureau of Engraving and Printing’s Industrial Revolving Fund for necessary official reception and representation expenses. 
shall submit a Capital Investment Plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 30 days following the submission of the annual budget submitted by the President: Provided , That such Capital Investment 
Plan shall include capital investment spending from all accounts within the Department of the Treasury, including but not limited to the Departmentwide Systems and Capital Investment Programs account, Treasury Franchise Fund account, and the Treasury Forfeiture Fund account: Provided further , 
That such Capital Investment Plan shall include expenditures occurring in previous fiscal years for each capital investment project that has not been fully completed. 
the end of each quarter, the Office of Financial Stability and the Office of Financial Research shall submit reports on their activities to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
equivalents within each office for the remainder of the fiscal year; and 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit an itemized report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the amount of total funds charged to each office by the Franchise Fund including the amount charged for each service provided by the Franchise Fund to each office, a detailed description of the services, a detailed explanation of how each charge for each service is calculated, and a description of the role customers have in governing in the Franchise Fund. 
consultation with the appropriate agencies, departments, bureaus, and commissions that have expertise in terrorism and complex financial instruments, shall provide a report 
House of Representatives and Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act on economic warfare and financial terrorism. 
House as authorized by law, including not to exceed $3,850,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 105; subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 105, which shall be expended and accounted for as provided in that section; hire of passenger motor vehicles, and travel (not to exceed $100,000 to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 103); and not to exceed $19,000 for official reception and representation expenses, to be available for allocation within the Executive Office of the President; and for necessary expenses of the Office of Policy Development, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, $55,000,000. 
Residence at the White House, $12,723,000, to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 105, 109, 110, and 112–114. 
For the reimbursable expenses of the Executive Residence at the White House, such sums as may be necessary: Provided , That all 
reimbursable operating expenses of the Executive Residence shall be made in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph: Provided further , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, such amount for reimbursable operating expenses shall be the exclusive authority of the Executive Residence to incur obligations and to receive offsetting collections, for such expenses: Provided further , That the Executive Residence 
shall require each person sponsoring a reimbursable political event to pay in advance an amount equal to the estimated cost of the event, and all such advance payments shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided further , That 
the Executive Residence shall require the national committee of the political party of the President to maintain on deposit $25,000, to be separately accounted for and available for expenses relating to reimbursable political events sponsored by such committee 
That the Executive Residence shall ensure that a written notice of any amount owed for a reimbursable operating expense under this paragraph is submitted to the person owing such amount within 60 days after such expense is incurred, and that such amount is collected within 30 days after the submission of such notice: Provided further , That the Executive Residence shall charge interest and assess penalties and other charges on any such amount that is not reimbursed within such 30 days, in accordance with the interest and penalty provisions applicable to an outstanding debt on a United States Government claim under 31 U.S.C. 3717: Provided further, That each such amount that is reimbursed, and any accompanying interest and charges, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further , 
That the Executive Residence shall prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations, by not later than 90 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Act, a report setting forth the reimbursable operating expenses of the Executive Residence during the preceding fiscal year, including the total amount of such expenses, the amount of such total that consists of reimbursable official and ceremonial events, the amount of such total that consists of reimbursable political events, and the portion of each such amount that has been reimbursed as of the date of the report: Provided further , 
That the Executive Residence shall maintain a system for the tracking of expenses related to reimbursable events within the Executive Residence that includes a standard for the classification of any such expense as political or nonpolitical: Provided further , That no 
provision of this paragraph may be construed to exempt the Executive Residence from any other applicable requirement of subchapter I or II of chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code. 
Economic Advisers in carrying out its functions under the Employment Act of 1946 (15 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.), $4,195,000. 
For necessary expenses of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $12,800,000. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Administration, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $96,116,000, of which not to exceed $7,994,000 shall remain available until expended for continued modernization of information resources within the Executive Office of the President. 
Management and Budget, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, to carry out the provisions of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and to prepare and submit the 
of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Office of Management and Budget may be used for the purpose of reviewing any agricultural marketing orders or any activities or regulations under the provisions of the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 (7 U.S.C. 601 et seq.): Provided further , 
That none of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act may be expended for the altering of the transcript of actual testimony of witnesses, except for testimony of officials of the Office of Management and Budget, before the Committees on Appropriations or their subcommittees: Provided further , That of the 
funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act, no less than one fulltime equivalent senior staff position shall be dedicated solely to the Office of the Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator: Provided further , That none of the 
funds provided in this or prior Acts shall be used, directly or indirectly, by the Office of Management and Budget, for evaluating or determining if water resource project or study reports submitted by the Chief of Engineers acting through the Secretary of the Army are in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and requirements relevant to the Civil Works water resource planning process: Provided further , That the Office of 
Management and Budget shall have not more than 60 days in which to perform budgetary policy reviews of water resource matters on which the Chief of Engineers has reported: Provided further , That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall notify the appropriate authorizing and appropriating committees when the 60day review is initiated: Provided further , That if water 
resource reports have not been transmitted to the appropriate authorizing and appropriating committees within 15 days after the end of the Office of Management and Budget review period based on the notification from the Director, Congress shall assume Office of Management and Budget concurrence with the report and act accordingly. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of National Drug Control Policy; for research activities pursuant to the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469); not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for participation in joint projects or in the provision of services on matters of mutual interest with nonprofit, research, or public organizations or agencies, with or without reimbursement, $20,047,000: Provided , That the Office is authorized to accept, hold, administer, and utilize gifts, both real and personal, public and private, without fiscal year limitation, for the purpose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Office. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of National Drug Control Policy’s High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program, $250,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for drug control activities consistent with the approved strategy for each of the designated High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (‘‘HIDTAs’’), of which not less than 51 percent shall be transferred to State and local entities for drug control activities and 
up to 49 percent may be transferred to Federal agencies and departments in amounts determined by the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, of which up to $2,700,000 may be used for auditing services and associated activities: Provided further, 
That, notwithstanding the requirements of Public Law 106–58, any unexpended funds obligated prior to fiscal year 2014 may be used for any other approved activities of that HIDTA, subject to reprogramming requirements: Provided further , That each HIDTA 
designated as of September 30, 2015, shall be funded at not less than the fiscal year 2015 base level, unless the Director submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate justification for changes to those levels based on clearly articulated priorities and published Office of National Drug Control Policy performance measures of effectiveness: Provided 
Committees on Appropriations of the initial allocation of fiscal year 2016 funding among HIDTAs not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, and shall notify the Committees of planned uses of discretionary HIDTA funding, as determined in consultation with the HIDTA Directors, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further , That upon a determination 
that all or part of the funds so transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein and upon notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation. 
For other drug control activities authorized by the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469), $109,810,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be available as follows: $95,000,000 for the DrugFree Communities Program, of which $2,000,000 shall be made available as directed by section 4 of Public Law 107–82, as amended by Public Law 109–469 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note); $2,000,000 for drug court training and technical assistance; $9,500,000 for antidoping activities; $2,060,000 for the United States membership dues to the World AntiDoping Agency; and $1,250,000 shall be made available as directed by section 1105 of Public Law 109–469: Provided, 
That amounts made available under this heading may be transferred to other Federal departments and agencies to carry out such activities. 
For expenses necessary to enable the President to meet unanticipated needs, in furtherance of the national interest, security, or defense which may arise at home or abroad during the current fiscal year, as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 108, $800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
of integrated, efficient, secure, and effective uses of information technology in the Federal Government, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget may transfer these funds to one or more other agencies to carry out projects to meet these purposes. 
President to provide assistance to the President in connection with specially assigned 
functions; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 106, including subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 106, which shall be expended and accounted for as provided in that section; and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,228,000. 
transfers from this appropriation may be made to any department or agency for expenses of carrying out such activities. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPRO PRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
Act under the headings ‘‘The White House’’, ‘‘Executive Residence at the White House’’, ‘‘White House Repair and Restoration’’, ‘‘Council of Economic Advisers’’, ‘‘National Security Council and Homeland Security Council’’, ‘‘Office of Administration’’, ‘‘Special Assistance to the President’’, and ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (or such other officer as the President may designate in writing), may, with advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, transfer not to exceed 10 percent of any such appropriation to any other such appropriation, to be merged with and available for the same time and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided , That the amount of an 
appropriation shall not be increased by more than 50 percent by such transfers: Provided 
from ‘‘Special Assistance to the President’’ or ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’ without the approval of the Vice President. 
enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the costs of implementing the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111– 
year 2018 from assessments, user fees, and other fees by the Federal agency making the collections, by fiscal year, including— 
impact of such order or memorandum on the Federal Government; 
Government as the result of such order or memorandum over the 5fiscalyear period beginning in fiscal year 2016. 
Presidential memoranda shall only apply for Presidential memoranda estimated to have a regulatory cost in excess of $100,000,000. 
the Supreme Court, as required by law, excluding care of the building and grounds, including hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for miscellaneous expenses, to be expended as the Chief Justice may approve, $75,838,000, of which $2,000,000 shall remain available until expended. 
sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief justice and associate justices of the court. 
to enable the Architect of the Capitol to carry out the duties imposed upon the Architect by 40 U.S.C. 6111 and 6112, $9,964,000, to remain available until expended. 
for necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $30,872,000. 
sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. 
the court, services, and necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $18,160,000. 
sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. 
States Court of Federal Claims, magistrate judges, and all other officers and employees of the Federal Judiciary not otherwise specifically provided for, necessary expenses of the courts, and the purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for Probation and Pretrial Services Office staff, as authorized by law, $4,918,969,000 (including the purchase 
exceed $27,817,000 shall remain available until expended for space alteration projects and for furniture and furnishings related to new space alteration and construction projects. 
sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of circuit and district judges (including judges of the territorial courts of the United States), bankruptcy judges, and justices and judges retired from office or from regular active service. 
States Court of Federal Claims associated with processing cases under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–660), not to exceed $6,050,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. 
of land commissioners shall not exceed the daily equivalent of the highest rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5332. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, incident to the provision of protective guard services for United States courthouses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, and the procurement, installation, and maintenance of security systems and equipment for United States courthouses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, including building ingress egress control, inspection of mail and packages, directed security patrols, perimeter security, basic security services provided by the Federal Protective Service, and other similar activities as authorized by section 1010 of the Judicial Improvement and Access to Justice Act (Public Law 100–702), $538,196,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until expended, to be expended directly or transferred to the United States Marshals Service, which shall be responsible for administering the Judicial Facility Security Program consistent with standards or guidelines agreed to by the Director of the Administrative Office of the 
For necessary expenses of the Federal Judicial Center, as authorized by Public Law 90–219, $27,719,000; of which $1,800,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2017, to provide education and training to Federal court personnel; and of which not to exceed $1,500 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. 
carry out the provisions of chapter 58 of title 28, United States Code, $17,570,000, of which not to exceed $1,000 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. 
any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under sections 604 and 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in section 608. 
States Code, shall be applied by substituting ‘‘Federal’’ for ‘‘executive’’ each place it appears. 
Courts shall reimburse the United States Marshals Service rather than the Department of Homeland Security. 
Treasury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judiciary, the District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2470; 28 U.S.C. 133 note) is amended in the second sentence (relating to the eastern District of Missouri) by striking ‘‘22 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘23 years and 6 months’’. 
central District of California), by striking ‘‘12 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘13 years and 6 months’’; and 
western district of North Carolina), by striking ‘‘11 years’’ and inserting ‘‘12 years’’. 
person appointed as a probation officer in one district may serve in another district with the consent of the appointing court and the court in the other district.’’; and 
Columbia, to be deposited into a dedicated account, for a nationwide program to be administered by the Mayor, for District of Columbia resident tuition support, $40,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That such funds, including any interest accrued thereon, may be used on behalf of eligible District of Columbia residents to pay an amount based upon the difference between inState and outofState tuition at public institutions of higher education, or to pay up to $2,500 each year at eligible private institutions of higher education: Provided 
further , That the awarding of such funds may 
be prioritized on the basis of a resident’s academic merit, the income and need of eligible students and such other factors as may be authorized: Provided further , That the District of Columbia government shall maintain a dedicated account for the Resident Tuition Support Program that shall consist of the Federal funds appropriated to the Program in this Act and any subsequent appropriations, any unobligated balances from prior fiscal years, and any interest earned in this or any fiscal year: Provided further , That the 
account shall be under the control of the District of Columbia Chief Financial Officer, who shall use those funds solely for the purposes of carrying out the Resident Tuition Support Program: Provided further , That the 
Office of the Chief Financial Officer shall provide a quarterly financial report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for these 
funds showing, by object class, the expenditures made and the purpose therefor. 
AND SECURITY COSTS IN THE DISTRICT OF CO LUMBIA  
For a Federal payment of necessary expenses, as determined by the Mayor of the District of Columbia in written consultation with the elected county or city officials of surrounding jurisdictions, $13,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the costs of providing public safety at events related to the presence of the National Capital in the District of Columbia, including support requested by the Director of the United States Secret Service in carrying out protective duties under the direction of the Secretary of Homeland Security, and for the costs of providing support to respond to immediate and specific terrorist threats or attacks in the District of Columbia or surrounding jurisdictions. 
of Columbia Courts, $274,401,000 to be allocated as follows: for the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, $14,192,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; for the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, $123,638,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; for the District of Columbia Court System, $73,981,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; and $62,590,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for capital improvements for District of Columbia courthouse facilities: Provided , That funds made available for capital improvements shall be expended consistent with the District of Columbia Courts master plan study and facilities condition assessment: Provided further , 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided further , That 30 
days after providing written notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the District of Columbia Courts may reallocate not more than $6,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading among the items and entities funded under this heading: Provided 
further , That the Joint Committee on Judicial Administration in the District of Columbia may, by regulation, establish a program substantially similar to the program set forth in subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, for employees of the District of Columbia Courts. 
2604 and section 11–2605, D.C. Official Code (relating to representation provided under the District of Columbia Criminal Justice Act), payments for counsel appointed in proceedings in the Family Court of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia under chapter 23 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, or pursuant to contractual agreements to provide guardian ad litem representation, training, technical assistance, and such other services as are necessary to improve the quality of guardian ad litem representation, payments for counsel appointed in adoption proceedings under chapter 3 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, and payments authorized under section 21–2060, D.C. Official Code (relating to services provided under the District of Columbia Guardianship, Protective Proceedings, and Durable Power of Attorney Act 
of 1986), $49,890,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That funds provided 
under this heading shall be administered by the Joint Committee on Judicial Administration in the District of Columbia: Provided 
provision of law, this appropriation shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for expenses of other Federal agencies. 
transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and SelfGovernment Improvement Act of 1997, $244,763,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 is for official reception and representation expenses related to Community Supervision and Pretrial Services Agency programs, of which not to exceed $25,000 is for dues and assessments relating to the implementation of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Interstate Supervision Act of 2002; of which $182,406,000 shall be for necessary expenses of Community Supervision and Sex Offender Registration, to 
include expenses relating to the supervision of adults subject to protection orders or the provision of services for or related to such persons, of which up to $3,159,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, for the relocation of offender supervision field offices; and of which $62,357,000 shall be available to the Pretrial Services Agency: Provided , That notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided 
may be used for programmatic incentives for offenders and defendants successfully meeting terms of supervision: Provided further , 
That the Director is authorized to accept and use gifts in the form of inkind contributions of the following: space and hospitality to support offender and defendant programs; equipment, supplies, clothing, and professional development and vocational training services and items necessary to sustain, educate, and train offenders and defendants, including their dependent children; and programmatic incentives for offenders and defendants meeting terms of supervision: Provided further , That the Director shall keep 
accurate and detailed records of the acceptance and use of any gift under the previous proviso, and shall make such records available for audit and public inspection: Provided 
Supervision Agency Director is authorized to accept and use reimbursement from the District of Columbia Government for space and services provided on a cost reimbursable basis. 
transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and SelfGovernment Improvement Act of 1997, $40,889,000: Provided , 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of Federal 
Columbia Water and Sewer Authority, $14,000,000, to remain available until expended, to continue implementation of the Combined Sewer Overflow LongTerm Plan: Provided , That the District of Columbia 
Water and Sewer Authority provides a 100 percent match for this payment. 
Justice Coordinating Council, $1,900,000, to remain available until expended, to support initiatives related to the coordination of Federal and local criminal justice resources in the District of Columbia. 
For a Federal payment, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to the Commission on Judicial Disabilities and Tenure, $295,000, and for the Judicial Nomination Commission, $270,000. 
For a Federal payment for a school improvement program in the District of Columbia, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended, for payments authorized under the Scholarship for Opportunity and Results Act (division C of Public Law 112–10): Provided, 
Columbia National Guard, $435,000, to remain available until expended for the Major General David F. Wherley, Jr. District of Columbia National Guard Retention and College Access Program. 
Columbia for the testing of individuals for, and the treatment of individuals with, human immunodeficiency virus and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in the District of Columbia, $5,000,000. 
Local funds are appropriated for the District of Columbia for the current fiscal year out of the General Fund of the District of 
and activities set forth under the heading ‘‘District of Columbia Funds Summary of Expenses’’ and at the rate set forth under such heading, as included in the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request Act of 2015 submitted to the Congress by the District of Columbia as amended as of the date of enactment of this Act: Provided , That notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, except as provided in section 450A of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (section 1–204.50a, D.C. Official Code), sections 816 and 817 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2009 (secs. 47–369.01 and 47– 369.02, D.C. Official Code), and provisions of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for operating expenses for the District of Columbia for fiscal year 2016 under this heading shall not exceed the estimates included in the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request Act of 2015 submitted to Congress by the District of Columbia as amended as of the date of enactment of this Act or the sum of the total revenues of the District of Columbia for such fiscal year: Provided further , 
That the amount appropriated may be increased by proceeds of onetime transactions, which are expended for emergency or unanticipated operating or capital needs: Provided further , That such increases shall be 
approved by enactment of local District law and shall comply with all reserve requirements contained in the District of Columbia Home Rule Act: Provided further , That the 
Chief Financial Officer of the District of Columbia shall take such steps as are necessary to assure that the District of Columbia meets these requirements, including the apportioning by the Chief Financial Officer of the appropriations and funds made available to the District during fiscal year 2016, except that the Chief Financial Officer may not reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘District of 
For necessary expenses of the Administrative Conference of the United States, authorized by 5 U.S.C. 591 et seq., $3,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which not to exceed $1,000 is for official reception and representation expenses. 
Product Safety Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5376, purchase of nominal awards to recognize nonFederal officials’ contributions to Commission activities, and not to exceed $4,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $125,000,000, of which not less than $1,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017, to reduce the costs of third party testing associated with certification of children’s products under section 14 of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2063). 
Help America Vote Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–252), $9,600,000, of which $1,500,000 shall be transferred to the National Institute of Standards and Technology for election reform activities authorized under the Help America Vote Act of 2002. 
Communications Commission, as authorized by law, including uniforms and allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; not to exceed $4,000 for official reception and representation expenses; purchase and hire of motor vehicles; special counsel fees; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $339,844,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That in addition, $44,168,497 
shall be made available until expended for necessary expenses associated with moving to a new facility or reconfiguring the existing space to significantly reduce space consumption: Provided further , That $384,012,497 
of offsetting collections shall be assessed and collected pursuant to section 9 of title I of the Communications Act of 1934, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses and shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2016 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at $0: Provided further, That any offsetting collections received 
in excess of $384,012,497 in fiscal year 2016 shall not be available for obligation: Provided 
amount appropriated under this heading, not less than $11,600,000 shall be for the salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General. 
this Act may be used by the Federal Communications Commission to modify, amend, or change its rules or regulations for universal service support payments to implement the February 27, 2004 recommendations of the FederalState Joint Board on Universal Service regarding single connection or primary line restrictions on universal service support payments. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $34,568,000, to be derived from the Deposit Insurance Fund or, only when appropriate, the FSLIC Resolution Fund. 
provisions of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, $76,119,000, of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017, for lease expiration and replacement lease expenses; and of which not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for reception and representation expenses. 
For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, including services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and including hire of experts and consultants, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and including official reception and representation expenses (not to exceed $1,500) and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $26,200,000: Provided , That public members of the Federal Service Impasses Panel may be paid travel expenses and per diem in lieu of subsistence as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5703) for persons employed intermittently in the Government service, and compensation as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided further , 
That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received from fees charged to nonFederal participants at labormanagement relations conferences shall be credited to and merged with this account, to be available without further appropriation for the costs of carrying out these conferences. 
Trade Commission, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $306,900,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That not to exceed $300,000 shall be available for use to contract with a person or persons for collection services in accordance with the terms of 31 U.S.C. 3718: Provided further , 
That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $124,000,000 of offsetting collections derived from fees collected for premerger notification filings under the HartScottRodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation: Provided further , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, not to exceed $14,000,000 in offsetting collections derived from fees sufficient to implement and enforce the Telemarketing Sales Rule, promulgated under the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), shall be credited to this account, and be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation: Provided further , That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2016, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $168,900,000: Provided further , That none of the 
and collections deposited into the Fund, shall be available for necessary expenses of real property management and related activities not otherwise provided for, including operation, maintenance, and protection of federally owned and leased buildings; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; restoration of leased premises; moving governmental agencies (including space adjustments and telecommunications relocation expenses) in connection with the assignment, allocation, and transfer of space; contractual services incident to cleaning or servicing 
of federally owned buildings, including grounds, approaches, and appurtenances; care and safeguarding of sites; maintenance, preservation, demolition, and equipment; acquisition of buildings and sites by purchase, condemnation, or as otherwise authorized by law; acquisition of options to purchase buildings and sites; conversion and extension of federally owned buildings; preliminary planning and design of projects by contract or otherwise; construction of new buildings (including equipment for such buildings); and payment of principal, interest, and any other obligations for public buildings acquired by installment purchase and purchase contract; in the aggregate amount of $10,196,124,000, of which— 
until expended for construction and acquisition (including funds for sites and expenses, and associated design and construction services) as follows: 
and acquisition projects that are joint United States courthouses and Federal buildings, including U.S. Post Offices, on the ‘‘FY2015–FY2019 FiveYear Capital Investment Plan’’ submitted by the General Services Administration to the House and Senate 
Committees on Appropriations with the agency’s fiscal year 2016 Congressional Justification; and 
management and oversight activities, and other project support costs, for the FBI Headquarters Consolidation: Provided , That each of the foregoing limits of 
costs on new construction and acquisition projects may be exceeded to the extent that savings are effected in other such projects, but not to exceed 10 percent of the amounts included in a transmitted prospectus, if required, unless advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount; 
expended for repairs and alterations, including associated design and construction services, of which— 
(iv) $75,000,000 is for Consolidation Activities: Provided , That consolidation projects 
result in reduced annual rent paid by the tenant agency: Provided further , That no consolidation project exceed $20,000,000 in costs: Provided further , That consolidation projects 
or any previous Act in the Federal Buildings Fund for Repairs and Alterations shall, for prospectus projects, be limited to the amount identified for each project, except each project in this or any previous Act may be increased by an amount not to exceed 10 percent unless advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount: Provided further , That additional projects for which prospectuses have been fully approved may be funded under this category only if advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , That the amounts 
provided in this or any prior Act for ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ may be used to fund costs associated with implementing security improvements to buildings necessary to meet the minimum standards for security in accordance with current law and in compliance with the reprogramming guidelines of the appropriate Committees of the House and Senate: Provided further, That the difference between the funds appropriated and expended on any projects in this or any prior Act, under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’, may be transferred to Basic Repairs and Alterations or used to fund authorized increases in prospectus projects: Provided 
further , That the amount provided in this or 
any prior Act for Basic Repairs and Alterations may be used to pay claims against the Government arising from any projects under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ or used to fund authorized increases in prospectus projects; 
remain available until expended, of which $1,137,000,000 is for building services, and $1,137,000,000 is for salaries and expenses: Provided further , That not to exceed 5 percent of 
any appropriation made available under this paragraph for building operations may be transferred between and merged with such appropriations upon notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 5 percent by any such transfers: Provided further , That section 508 of this title 
available under this heading for building operations: Provided further , That the total 
available in the Federal Buildings Fund may be expended for emergency repairs when advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , 
For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for Governmentwide policy and evaluation activities associated with the management of real and personal property assets and certain administrative services; Governmentwide policy support responsibilities relating to acquisition, travel, motor vehicles, information technology management, and related technology activities; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $58,000,000. 
For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for Governmentwide activities associated with utilization and donation of surplus personal property; disposal of real property; agencywide policy direction, management, and communications; the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $58,560,000, of which $25,979,000 is for Real and Personal Property Management and Disposal; $23,397,000 is for the Office of the Administrator, of which not to exceed $7,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; and $9,184,000 is for the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals: Provided , That not to exceed 5 percent of the appropriation made available under this heading for Office of the Administrator may be transferred to the appropriation for the Real and Personal Property Management and Disposal upon notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, but the appropriation for the Real and Personal Property Management and Disposal may not be increased by more than 5 percent by any such transfer. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General and service authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $65,000,000, of which $2,000,000 is available until expended: Provided , That not 
to exceed $50,000 shall be available for payment for information and detection of fraud against the Government, including payment for recovery of stolen Government property: Provided further , That not to exceed $2,500 
shall be available for awards to employees of other Federal agencies and private citizens in recognition of efforts and initiatives resulting in enhanced Office of Inspector General effectiveness. 
of August 25, 1958 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), and Public Law 95–138, $3,277,000. 
For activities authorized by the PreElection Presidential Transition Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–283), not to exceed $13,278,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such amounts 
may be transferred and credited to ‘‘Acquisition Services Fund’’ or ‘‘Federal Buildings Fund’’ to reimburse obligations incurred for the purposes provided herein in fiscal year 2015 and 2016: Provided further , That amounts 
made available under this heading shall be in addition to any other amounts available for such purposes. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Citizen Services and Innovative Technologies, including services authorized by 40 U.S.C. 323 and 44 U.S.C. 3604; and for necessary expenses in support of interagency projects that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities electronically, through the development and implementation of innovative uses of information technology; $55,894,000, to be deposited into the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided , 
That the previous amount may be transferred to Federal agencies to carry out the purpose of the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further , That the appropriations, revenues, reimbursements, and collections deposited into the Fund shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of Federal Citizen Services and other activities that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities electronically in the aggregate amount not to exceed $90,000,000: Provided further , That appropriations, revenues, reimbursements, and collections accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2016 in excess of such amount shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expenditure except as authorized in appropriations Acts: Provided further , That 
any appropriations provided to the Electronic Government Fund that remain unobligated may be transferred to the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further , That 
the transfer authorities provided herein shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. 
Services Administration shall be available for the hire of passenger motor vehicles. 
Fund made available for fiscal year 2016 for Federal Buildings Fund activities may be transferred between such activities only to the extent necessary to meet program requirements: Provided , That any proposed 
transfers shall be approved in advance by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
Act may be used to increase the amount of occupiable square feet, provide cleaning services, security enhancements, or any other service usually provided through the Federal Buildings Fund, to any agency that does not pay the rate per square foot assessment for space and services as determined by the General Services Administration in consideration of the Public Buildings Amendments Act of 1972 (Public Law 92–313). 
the heading Federal Buildings Fund, Limitations on Availability of Revenue, claims against the Government of less than $250,000 arising from direct construction projects and acquisition of buildings may be liquidated from savings effected in other construction 
projects with prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
Scholarship Foundation Trust Fund, established by section 10 of Public Law 93–642, $1,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Merit Systems Protection Board pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, and the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, direct procurement of survey printing, and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $44,490,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, and in addition not to exceed $2,345,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for administrative expenses to adjudicate retirement appeals to be transferred from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund in 
MORRIS K. U DALL AND STEWART L. U DALL  
MORRIS K . UDALL AND STEWART L . UDALL  
amount made available under this heading $200,000 shall be transferred to the Office of Inspector General of the Department of the Interior, to remain available until expended, for audits and investigations of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation, consistent with the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
For payment to the Environmental Dispute Resolution Fund to carry out activities authorized in the Environmental Policy and Conflict Resolution Act of 1998, $3,400,000, to remain available until expended. 
the administration of the National Archives and Records Administration and archived Federal records and related activities, as provided by law, and for expenses necessary for the review and declassification of documents, the activities of the Public Interest Declassification Board, the operations and maintenance of the electronic records archives, the hire of passenger motor vehicles, and for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning, $372,393,000. 
For the repair, alteration, and improvement of archives facilities, and to provide adequate storage for holdings, $7,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That from amounts made available under this heading in Public Laws 111–8 and 111–117 for necessary expenses related to the repair and renovation of the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum in Hyde Park, New York, the remaining unobligated balances shall be available to implement the National Archives and Records Administration Capital Improvement Plan. 
grants for historical publications and records as authorized by 44 U.S.C. 2504, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
For the Community Development Revolving Loan Fund program as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 9812, 9822 and 9910, $2,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for technical assistance to lowincome designated credit unions. 
For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Government Ethics pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Ethics Reform Act of 1989, and the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $1,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $15,742,000. 
For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978 and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; medical examinations performed for veterans by private physicians on a fee basis; rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere; hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and representation expenses; advances for reimbursements to applicable funds of OPM and the Federal Bureau of Investigation for expenses incurred under Executive Order No. 10422 of January 9, 1953, as amended; and payment of per diem and/or subsistence allowances to employees where Voting Rights Act activities require an employee to remain overnight at his or her post of duty, $120,688,000, of which $2,500,000 shall remain available until expended for Federal investigations enhancements, and of which $616,000 may be for strengthening the capacity and capabilities of the acquisition workforce (as defined by the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act, as amended (41 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.)), including the recruitment, hiring, training, and retention of such workforce and information technology in support of acquisition workforce effectiveness or for management solutions to improve acquisition management; and in addition $124,550,000 for administrative expenses, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of OPM without regard to other statutes, including direct procurement of printed materials, for the retirement and insurance programs: Provided , That the provisions of this 
part of this appropriation shall be available for salaries and expenses of the Legal Examining Unit of OPM established pursuant to Executive Order No. 9358 of July 1, 1943, or any successor unit of like purpose: Provided 
White House Fellows, established by Executive Order No. 11183 of October 3, 1964, may, during fiscal year 2016, accept donations of money, property, and personal services: Provided further , That such donations, including 
those from prior years, may be used for the development of publicity materials to provide information about the White House Fellows, except that no such donations shall be accepted for travel or reimbursement of travel expenses, or for the salaries of employees of such Commission. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,365,000, and in addition, not to exceed $22,479,000 for administrative expenses to audit, investigate, and provide other oversight of the Office of Personnel Management’s retirement and insurance programs, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of the Office of Personnel Management, as determined by the Inspector General: Provided , That the Inspector General is 
authorized to rent conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere. 
For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Special Counsel pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–454), the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–12) as amended by Public Law 107–304, the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–199), and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–353), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, payment of fees and expenses for witnesses, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, and hire of passenger motor vehicles; $24,119,000. 
Civil Liberties Oversight Board, as authorized by section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), $21,297,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
and charges authorized by section 31 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections: Provided further , That 
not to exceed $1,605,000,000 of such offsetting collections shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of this account: Provided further , That the total amount appropriated under this heading from the general fund for fiscal year 2016 shall be reduced as such offsetting fees are received so as to result in a final total fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0. 
Service System, including expenses of attendance at meetings and of training for uniformed personnel assigned to the Selective Service System, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 4101–4118 for civilian employees; hire of passenger motor vehicles; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and not to exceed $750 for official reception and representation expenses; $22,703,000: Provided , That during the current 
fiscal year, the President may exempt this appropriation from the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 1341, whenever the President deems such action to be necessary in the interest of national defense: Provided further , That none 
of the funds appropriated by this Act may be expended for or in connection with the induction of any person into the Armed Forces of the United States. 
available for the Loan Modernization and Accounting System, to be available until September 30, 2017: Provided further , That 
$3,000,000 shall be for the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program under section 34 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d). 
For necessary expenses of programs supporting entrepreneurial and small business development, $231,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
$117,000,000 shall be available to fund grants for performance in fiscal year 2016 or fiscal year 2017 as authorized by section 21 of the Small Business Act: Provided further , That 
$25,000,000 shall be for marketing, management, and technical assistance under section 
available for grants to States to carry out export programs that assist small business concerns authorized under section 1207 of Public Law 111–240. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $19,900,000. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Advocacy in carrying out the provisions of title II of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 634a et seq.) and the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), $9,120,000, to remain available until expended. 
That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further , That subject to section 
That any transfer pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
voting and mail for the blind shall continue to be free: Provided further , That 6day delivery and rural delivery of mail shall continue at not less than the 1983 level: Provided further, That none of the funds made available 
to the Postal Service by this Act shall be used to implement any rule, regulation, or policy of charging any officer or employee of any State or local child support enforcement agency, or any individual participating in a State or local program of child support enforcement, a fee for information requested or provided concerning an address of a postal customer: Provided further , That none of the 
funds provided in this Act shall be used to consolidate or close small rural and other small post offices. 
reporting and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $51,300,000: Provided , That travel expenses of the judges shall be paid upon the written certificate of the judge. TITLE VI 
be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, nonFederal parties intervening in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. 
this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. 
in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. 
by this Act shall be available for any activity or for paying the salary of any Government employee where funding an activity or paying a salary to a Government employee would result in a decision, determination, rule, regulation, or policy that would prohibit the enforcement of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307). 
this Act may be expended by an entity unless the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 
significant reorganization or restructuring of offices, programs, or activities, each agency or entity funded in this Act shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further , That not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of 
to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further , That 
the amount appropriated or limited for salaries and expenses for an agency shall be reduced by $100,000 per day for each day after the required date that the report has not been submitted to the Congress. 
provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2016 from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2016 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2017, for each such account for the purposes authorized: Provided , That a request shall be 
submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided further, That 
these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines. 
report on any individual from the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or 
promulgated under chapter 15 of title 41, United States Code shall not apply with respect to a contract under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program established under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. 
shall be available to pay for an abortion, or the administrative expenses in connection with any health plan under the Federal employees health benefits program which provides any benefits or coverage for abortions. 
not apply where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. 
access to commercial information technology, the restriction on purchasing nondomestic articles, materials, and supplies set forth in chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (popularly known as the Buy American Act), shall not apply to the acquisition by the Federal Government of information technology (as defined in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code), that is a commercial item (as defined in section 103 of title 41, United States Code). 
this Act, funds made available to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission by this or any other Act may be used for the interagency funding and sponsorship of a joint advisory committee to advise on emerging regulatory issues. 
provision of law, an Executive agency covered by this Act otherwise authorized to enter into contracts for either leases or the construction or alteration of real property for office, meeting, storage, or other space must consult with the General Services Administration before issuing a solicitation for offers of new leases or construction contracts, and in the case of succeeding leases, before entering into negotiations with the current lessor. 
enter into an emergency lease may do so during any period declared by the President to require emergency leasing authority with respect to such agency. 
‘‘Executive agency covered by this Act’’ means any Executive agency provided funds by this Act, but does not include the General Services Administration or the United States Postal Service. 
retired employees, as authorized by chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, and the Retired Federal Employees Health Benefits Act (74 Stat. 849); and 
paid from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund by statutory provisions other than subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code. 
in this Act may be used by the Federal Trade Commission to complete the draft report entitled ‘‘Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Children: Preliminary Proposed Nutrition Principles to Guide Industry Self Regulatory Efforts’’ unless the Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Children complies with Executive Order No. 13563. 
by this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses for the following positions: 
Treasury assigned to the Presidential Task Force on the Auto Industry and Senior Counselor for Manufacturing Policy. 
be used for the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to award a contract, enter an extension of, or exercise an option on a contract to a contractor conducting the final quality review processes for background investigation fieldwork services or background investigation support services that, as of the date of the award of the contract, are being conducted by that contractor. 
branch agency funded by this Act shall ensure that the Chief Information Officer of the agency has the authority to participate in decisions regarding the budget planning process related to information technology. 
in this Act may be used in contravention of chapter 29, 31, or 33 of title 44, United States Code. 
available in the Securities and Exchange Commission Reserve Fund established by section 991 of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111–203), $25,000,000 are rescinded. 
in this Act may be used by a governmental entity to require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service to the public or remote computing service of the 
contents of a wire or electronic communication that is in electronic storage with the provider (as such terms are defined in sections 2510 and 2711 of title 18, United States Code) in a manner that violates the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. 
the amounts made available by this Act may be used to finalize or implement the Safety Standard for Recreational OffHighway Vehicles published by the Consumer Product Safety Commission in the Federal Register on November 19, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 68964) until after— 
consultation with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Department of Defense, completes a study to determine— 
stability and vehicle handling requirements proposed by such standard for purposes of reducing the risk of Recreational OffHighway Vehicle (referred to in this section as ‘‘ROV’’) rollovers in the offroad environment, including the repeatability and reproducibility of testing for compliance with such requirements; 
would be prevented if the proposed requirements were adopted; 
the proposal to provide information on a pointofsale hangtag about a ROV’s rollover resistance on a progressive scale; and 
by the United States military if the proposed requirements were adopted; and 
this Act may be used by the Federal Communications Commission to modify, amend, or change the rules or regulations of the Commission for universal service highcost support for competitive eligible telecommunications carriers in a way that is inconsistent 
54.307 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on July 15, 2015: Provided , 
That this section shall not prohibit the Commission from considering, developing, or adopting other support mechanisms as an alternative to Mobility Fund Phase II. 
‘‘affected individual’’ means any individual whose Social Security Number was compromised during— 
current and former Federal employees, at a network maintained by the Department of the Interior, that was announced by the Office of Personnel Management on June 4, 2015; or 
of Personnel Management containing information related to the background investigations of current, former, and prospective Federal employees, and of other individuals. 
of the Internet Tax Freedom Act (title XI of division C of Public Law 105–277; 47 U.S.C. 151 note) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ for ‘‘October 1, 2015’’. 
term ‘‘Basel III capital requirements’’ means the Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision on December 16, 2010, as revised on June 1, 2011. 
‘‘Federal banking agencies’’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the National Credit Union Administration. 
‘‘mortgage servicing assets’’ means those assets that result from contracts to service loans secured by real estate, where such loans are owned by third parties. 
term ‘‘NCUA capital requirements’’ means the final rule of the National Credit Union Administration entitled ‘‘RiskBased Capital’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 66625 (October 29, 2015)). 
‘‘bank holding company’’, ‘‘insured depository institution’’, and ‘‘savings and loan holding company’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813). 
‘‘Federal credit union’’ and ‘‘State credit union’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752). 
agencies shall jointly conduct a study of the appropriate capital requirements for mortgage servicing assets for banking institutions. 
servicing assets, including in particular the market for those assets in the period of the financial crisis; 
establish a value for mortgage servicing assets of the institution through periodic sales or other means; 
servicing assets and capital requirements that may be used to address concerns about the value of and ability to sell mortgage servicing assets; 
capital requirements and the NCUA capital requirements on banking institutions on the ability of those institutions— 
business, including the need for economies of scale to compete in that business; and 
Basel III capital requirements and the NCUA capital requirements on mortgage servicing assets to the banking systems of other significantly developed countries. 
180 days after the date of enactment of this title, the Federal banking agencies shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report containing— 
mortgage servicing assets undertaken by the Federal banking agencies before finalizing regulations implementing the Basel III capital requirements and the NCUA capital requirements; and 
regulatory actions that would address concerns about the value of and ability to sell and the ability of banking institutions to hold mortgage servicing assets. 
provided in this Act for ‘‘National Archives and Records Administration, Operating Expenses’’, there is appropriated $7,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the repair, alteration, and improvement of an additional leased facility to provide adequate storage for holdings of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
agency, or instrumentality has in place, and will continue to administer in good faith, a written policy designed to ensure that all of its workplaces are free from the illegal use, possession, or distribution of controlled substances (as defined in the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)) by the officers and employees of such department, agency, or instrumentality. 
exceeded by not to exceed $7,250 for police type vehicles: Provided further , That the limits set forth in this section may not be exceeded by more than 5 percent for electric or hybrid vehicles purchased for demonstration under the provisions of the Electric and Hybrid Vehicle Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1976: Provided further , 
That the limits set forth in this section may be exceeded by the incremental cost of clean alternative fuels vehicles acquired pursuant to Public Law 101–549 over the cost of comparable conventionally fueled vehicles: Provided further , That the limits set forth in this 
section shall not apply to any vehicle that is a commercial item and which operates on alternative fuel, including but not limited to electric, plugin hybrid electric, and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles. 
departments and independent establishments for the current fiscal year available for expenses of travel, or for the expenses of the activity concerned, are hereby made available for quarters allowances and costofliving allowances, in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 5922–5924. 
for purposes of this section, affidavits signed by any such person shall be considered prima facie evidence that the requirements of this section with respect to his or her status are being complied with: Provided further , That 
making a false affidavit shall be guilty of a felony, and upon conviction, shall be fined no 
more than $4,000 or imprisoned for not more than 1 year, or both: Provided further , That 
the above penal clause shall be in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other provisions of existing law: Provided further , 
That any payment made to any officer or employee contrary to the provisions of this section shall be recoverable in action by the Federal Government: Provided further , That 
this section shall not apply to any person who is an officer or employee of the Government of the United States on the date of enactment of this Act, or to international broadcasters employed by the Broadcasting Board of Governors, or to temporary employment of translators, or to temporary employment in the field service (not to exceed 60 days) as a result of emergencies: Provided 
further , That this section does not apply to 
the employment as Wildland firefighters for not more than 120 days of nonresident aliens employed by the Department of the Interior or the USDA Forest Service pursuant to an agreement with another country. 
department or agency during the current fiscal year for necessary expenses, including maintenance or operating expenses, shall also be available for payment to the General Services Administration for charges for space and services and those expenses of renovation and alteration of buildings and facilities which constitute public improvements performed in accordance with the Public Buildings Act of 1959 (73 Stat. 479), the Public Buildings Amendments of 1972 (86 Stat. 216), or other applicable law. 
this or any other Act, all Federal agencies are authorized to receive and use funds resulting from the sale of materials, including Federal records disposed of pursuant to a records schedule recovered through recycling or waste prevention programs. Such funds shall be available until expended for the following purposes: 
management programs, including, but not limited to, the development and implementation of hazardous waste management and pollution prevention programs. 
by law or as deemed appropriate by the head of the Federal agency. 
any other Act for administrative expenses in the current fiscal year of the corporations and agencies subject to chapter 91 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available, in addition to objects for which such funds are otherwise available, for rent in the District of Columbia; services in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 3109; and the objects specified under this head, all the provisions of which shall be applicable to the expenditure of such funds unless otherwise specified in the Act by which they are made available: Provided , 
That in the event any functions budgeted as administrative expenses are subsequently transferred to or paid from other funds, the limitations on administrative expenses shall be correspondingly reduced. 
pursuant to the provisions of this or any other Act shall be used to implement, administer, or enforce any regulation which has been disapproved pursuant to a joint resolution duly adopted in accordance with the applicable law of the United States. 
head of any department or agency, or any other officer or civilian employee of the Federal Government appointed by the President of the United States, holds office, no funds may be obligated or expended in excess of $5,000 to furnish or redecorate the office of such department head, agency head, officer, or employee, or to purchase furniture or make improvements for any such office, unless advance notice of such furnishing or redecoration is transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. For the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘office’’ shall include the entire suite of offices assigned to the individual, as well as any other space used primarily by the individual or the use of which is directly controlled by the individual. 
section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the interagency funding of national security and emergency preparedness telecommunications initiatives which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities, as provided by Executive Order No. 13618 (July 6, 2012). 
a confidential or policydetermining character that is excepted from the competitive service under section 3302 of title 5, United States Code, (pursuant to schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations) unless the head of the applicable department, agency, or other instrumentality employing such schedule C individual certifies to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management that the schedule C position occupied by the individual was not created solely or primarily in order to detail the individual to the White House. 
threatens to prohibit or prevent, any other officer or employee of the Federal Government from having any direct oral or written communication or contact with any Member, committee, or subcommittee of the Congress in connection with any matter pertaining to the employment of such other officer or employee or pertaining to the department or agency of such other officer or employee in any way, irrespective of whether such communication or contact is at the initiative of such other officer or employee or in response to the request or inquiry of such Member, committee, or subcommittee; or 
pay, demotes, reduces in rank, seniority, status, pay, or performance or efficiency rating, denies promotion to, relocates, reassigns, transfers, disciplines, or discriminates in regard to any employment right, entitlement, 
knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing directly upon the performance of official duties; 
levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; 
restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. 
in this or any other Act shall be used by an agency of the executive branch, other than for normal and recognized executivelegislative relationships, for publicity or propaganda purposes, and for the preparation, distribution or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet, publication, radio, television, or film presentation designed to support or defeat legislation pending before the Congress, except in presentation to the Congress itself. 
this or any other Act may be used by an agency to provide a Federal employee’s home address to any labor organization except when the employee has authorized such disclosure or when such disclosure has been ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
in this or any other Act may be used to provide any nonpublic information such as mailing, telephone or electronic mailing lists to any person or any organization outside of the Federal Government without the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
directly or indirectly, including by private contractor, for publicity or propaganda purposes within the United States not heretofore authorized by Congress. 
and section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act to any department or agency, which is a member of the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board (FASAB), shall be available to finance an appropriate share of FASAB administrative costs. 
and section 708 of this Act, the head of each Executive department and agency is hereby authorized to transfer to or reimburse ‘‘General Services Administration, Government wide Policy’’ with the approval of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act, including rebates from charge card and other contracts: Provided , That these funds shall be administered by the Administrator of General Services to support Governmentwide and other multiagency financial, information technology, procurement, and other management innovations, initiatives, and activities, including improving coordination and reducing duplication, as approved by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the appropriate interagency and multiagency groups designated by the Director (including the President’s 
Management Council for overall management improvement initiatives, the Chief Financial Officers Council for financial management initiatives, the Chief Information Officers Council for information technology initiatives, the Chief Human Capital Officers Council for human capital initiatives, the Chief Acquisition Officers Council for procurement initiatives, and the Performance Improvement Council for performance improvement initiatives): Provided further , 
That the total funds transferred or reimbursed shall not exceed $15,000,000 to improve coordination, reduce duplication, and for other activities related to Federal Government Priority Goals established by 31 U.S.C. 1120, and not to exceed $17,000,000 for GovernmentWide innovations, initiatives, and activities: Provided further , That the funds 
transferred to or for reimbursement of ‘‘General Services Administration, Government wide Policy’’ during fiscal year 2016 shall remain available for obligation through September 30, 2017: Provided further , That such 
transfers or reimbursements may only be made after 15 days following notification of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the interagency funding of specific projects, workshops, studies, and similar efforts to carry out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Council (authorized by Executive Order No. 12881), which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities: Provided , That the Office of Management and 
Budget shall provide a report describing the budget of and resources connected with the National Science and Technology Council to the Committees on Appropriations, the House Committee on Science and Technology, and the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation 90 days after enactment of this Act. 
this or any other Act may be used by any Federal agency— 
third party (including another government agency) to collect, review, or obtain any aggregation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable information relating to an individual’s access to or use of any nongovernmental Internet site. 
regulatory, or supervisory purposes, in accordance with applicable law; or 
that is a system security action taken by the operator of an Internet site and is necessarily incident to providing the Internet site services or to protecting the rights or property of the provider of the Internet site. 
actions to implement, interpret or enforce authorities provided in law. 
by this Act may be used to enter into or renew a contract which includes a provision providing prescription drug coverage, except where the contract also includes a provision for contraceptive coverage. 
that enters into or renews a contract under this section may not subject any individual to discrimination on the basis that the individual refuses to prescribe or otherwise provide for contraceptives because such activities would be contrary to the individual’s religious beliefs or moral convictions. 
to ensuring the health of its Olympic, Pan American, and Paralympic athletes, and supports the strict adherence to antidoping in sport through testing, adjudication, education, and research as performed by nationally recognized oversight authorities. 
travel for Government personnel, to participate in the fractional aircraft ownership pilot program. 
existing law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act may be used by an executive branch agency to produce any prepackaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States, unless the story includes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. 
in this Act may be used in contravention of section 552a of title 5, United States Code (popularly known as the Privacy Act), and regulations implementing that section. 
apply to any Federal Government contract entered into before the date of the enactment of this Act, or to any task order issued pursuant to such contract. 
subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of such title 5 and receives a payment as an incentive to separate, the separating agency shall remit to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund an amount equal to the Office of Personnel Management’s average unit cost of processing a retirement claim for the preceding fiscal year. Such amounts shall be available until expended to the Office of Personnel Management and shall be deemed to be an administrative expense 
in this or any other Act may be used to pay for the painting of a portrait of an officer or employee of the Federal government, including the President, the Vice President, a member of Congress (including a Delegate or a Resident Commissioner to Congress), the head of an executive branch agency (as defined in section 133 of title 41, United States Code), or the head of an office of the legislative branch. 
in fiscal year 2016 under section 5303 of title 5, United States Code, in the rates of pay under the General Schedule; and 
(ii) the difference between the overall average percentage of the localitybased comparability payments taking effect in fiscal year 2016 under section 5304 of such title (whether by adjustment or otherwise), and the overall average percentage of such payments which was effective in the previous fiscal year under such section. 
rates payable to an employee who is covered by this subsection and who is paid from a 
2015, shall be determined under regulations prescribed by the Office of Personnel Management. 
law, rates of premium pay for employees subject to this subsection may not be changed from the rates in effect on September 30, 2015, except to the extent determined by the Office of Personnel Management to be consistent with the purpose of this subsection. 
to pay for service performed after September 30, 2015. 
provision of law (including any rule or regulation that provides premium pay, retirement, life insurance, or any other employee benefit) that requires any deduction or contribution, or that imposes any requirement or limitation on the basis of a rate of salary or basic pay, the rate of salary or basic pay payable after the application of this subsection shall be treated as the rate of salary or basic pay. 
may provide for exceptions to the limitations imposed by this subsection if the Office determines that such exceptions are necessary to ensure the recruitment or retention of qualified employees. 
receive a pay raise in calendar year 2016, notwithstanding the rate adjustment made under section 104 of title 3, United States Code, or any other provision of law. 
emergency appointee in the Senior Executive Service serving under a political appointment and paid a rate of basic pay at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule. 
(including any localitybased payments under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, or similar authority) at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule who serves 
shall prevent employees who do not serve under a political appointment from receiving pay increases as otherwise provided under applicable law. 
law, for an individual who is newly appointed to a covered position during the period of time subject to this section, the initial pay rate shall be based on the rates of pay and applicable pay limitations in effect on December 31, 2013. 
branch department, agency, board, commission, or office funded by this or any other appropriations Act shall submit annual reports to the Inspector General or senior ethics official for any entity without an Inspector General, regarding the costs and contracting procedures related to each conference held by any such department, agency, board, commission, or office during fiscal year 2016 for which the cost to the United States Government was more than $100,000. 
to determine which costs relate to the conference; and 
conducted by the departmental component or office in evaluating potential contractors for the conference. 
or any other appropriations Act may be used for travel and conference activities that are not in compliance with Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012 or any subsequent revisions to that memorandum. 
in this or any other appropriations Act may be used to increase, eliminate, or reduce funding for a program, project, or activity as proposed in the President’s budget request for a fiscal year until such proposed change is subsequently enacted in an appropriation Act, or unless such change is made pursuant to the reprogramming or transfer provisions of this or any other appropriations Act. 
by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, enforce, or apply the rule entitled ‘‘Competitive Area’’ published by the Office of Personnel Management in the Federal Register on April 15, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 20180 et seq.). 
otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to begin or announce a study or publicprivate competition regarding the conversion to contractor performance of any function performed by Federal employees pursuant to Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 or any other administrative regulation, directive, or policy. 
or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be available for a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with an entity that requires employees or contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or contractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information. 
this section, a nondisclosure policy form or agreement that is to be executed by a person connected with the conduct of an intelligence or intelligencerelated activity, other than an employee or officer of the United States Government, may contain provisions appropriate to the particular activity for which such document is to be used. Such form or agreement shall, at a minimum, require that the person will not disclose any classified information received in the course of such activity unless specifically authorized to do so by the United States Government. Such nondisclosure forms shall also make it clear that they do not bar disclosures to Congress, or to an authorized official of an executive agency or the Department of Justice, that are essential to reporting a substantial violation of law. 
by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. 
by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. 
for the benefit and protection of all of its certificate holders and shall be available for the satisfaction of all obligations of the corporation regardless of the jurisdiction in which such surplus originated or such obligations arise. The corporation shall not divide, attribute, distribute, or reduce its surplus pursuant to any statute, regulation, or order of any jurisdiction without the express agreement of the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia— 
date on which a request is made for a transfer of funds in accordance with section 1017 of Public Law 111–203, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate of such request. 
manner that modifies the nongrant components of the National Flood Insurance Program; or 
be in effect during the period beginning on October 1, 2016 and ending on September 30, 2017. 
applicable funds of the District of Columbia such sums as may be necessary for making refunds and for the payment of legal settlements or judgments that have been entered against the District of Columbia government. 
means for any program, project, or responsibility center for which funds have been denied or restricted; 
project, or responsibility center through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $3,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or 
Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
authorized to approve and execute reprogramming and transfer requests of local funds under this title through November 7, 2016. 
this section, none of the funds made available by this Act or by any other Act may be used to provide any officer or employee of the District of Columbia with an official vehicle unless the officer or employee uses the vehicle only in the performance of the officer’s or employee’s official duties. For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘official duties’’ does not include travel between the officer’s or employee’s residence and workplace, except in the case of— 
officer or employee of the District of Columbia Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; 
Department of Corrections, an officer or employee of the District of Columbia Department of Corrections who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; 
Examiner, an officer or employee of the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; 
Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency, an officer or employee of the Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; 
may be used to enact any law, rule, or regulation to legalize or otherwise reduce penalties associated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative for recreational purposes. 
under this Act shall be expended for any abortion except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term or where the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
agency for which the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia certifies that a reallocation is required to address unanticipated changes in program requirements. 
Act as operating funds may be transferred to the District of Columbia’s enterprise and capital funds and such amounts, once transferred, shall retain appropriation authority consistent with the provisions of this Act. 
authorized to reprogram or transfer for operating expenses any local funds transferred or reprogrammed in this or the four prior fiscal years from operating funds to capital funds, and such amounts, once transferred or reprogrammed, shall retain appropriation authority consistent with the provisions of this Act. 
may not transfer or reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. 
provided by law or under this Act, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2016 from appropriations of Federal funds made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2016 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2017, for each such account for the purposes authorized: Provided , That a request shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided further , That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines outlined in section 803 of this Act. 
a period in which neither a District of Columbia continuing resolution or a regular District of Columbia appropriation bill is in effect, local funds are appropriated in the amount provided for any project or activity for which local funds are provided in the Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Request Act of 2016 as submitted to Congress (subject to any modifications enacted by the District of Columbia 
as of the beginning of the period during which this subsection is in effect) at the rate set forth by such Act. 
Columbia continuing resolution for fiscal year 2017 is in effect; or 
or activity during any period of fiscal year 2017 if any other provision of law (other than an authorization of appropriations)— 
available, or grants authority for such project or activity to continue for such period; or 
the ‘‘D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program School Certification Requirements Act’’. 
Opportunity and Results Act (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 203) is amended— 
‘‘(II) by not later than 5 years after such 
date of enactment, is provisionally or fully accredited by such accrediting agency, except that an eligible entity may grant not more than one 1year extension to meet this requirement for each participating school that provides evidence to the eligible entity from such accrediting agency that the school’s application for accreditation is in process and the school will be awarded accreditation before the end of the 1year extension period; 
on school employees who have direct and unsupervised interaction with students; and 
information regarding the reporting requirements described in section 3010.’’; and 
school is not a participating school as of the date of enactment of the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program School Certification Requirements Act, the school shall not become a participating school and none of the funds provided under this division for opportunity scholarships may be used by an eligible student to enroll in that school unless the school— 
3010 of the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 203) is further amended— 
this section, and the amendments made by this section, shall take effect 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor’’. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
Secretary of Homeland Security, as authorized by section 102 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112), and executive management of the Department of Homeland Security, as authorized by law, $137,466,000: Provided , That not to exceed $45,000 shall be for 
official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , That all official 
costs associated with the use of government aircraft by Department of Homeland Security personnel to support official travel of the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary shall be paid from amounts made available for the Immediate Office of the Secretary and the Immediate Office of the Deputy Secretary: Provided further , That not later than 
30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, the comprehensive plan for implementation of the biometric entry and exit data system as required under this heading in Public Law 114–4 and a report on visa overstay data by country as required by section 1376 of title 8, United States Code: Provided further , That 
the report on visa overstay data shall also include— 
categories under the immigration laws, delineated by each of the classes and subclasses of such categories; and 
for each class and subclass of such nonimmigrant categories on a percountry basis: 
under this heading, $13,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation for the Office of the Secretary and Executive Management until both the comprehensive plan and the report are submitted. 
Under Secretary for Management, as authorized by sections 701 through 705 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 through 345), $196,810,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided , That of 
Chief Financial Officer, as authorized by section 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), $56,420,000: Provided , That the 
Chief Information Officer, as authorized by section 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), and Departmentwide technology investments, $309,976,000; of which $109,957,000 shall be available for salaries and expenses; and of which $200,019,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be available for development and acquisition of information technology equipment, software, services, and related activities for the Department of Homeland Security. 
analysis and operations coordination activities, as authorized by title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), $264,714,000; of which not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $2,000,000 is available for facility needs associated with secure space at fusion centers, including improvements to buildings; and of which $111,021,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $137,488,000; of which not to exceed $300,000 may be used for certain confidential operational expenses, including the payment of informants, to be expended at the direction of the Inspector General. 
under this heading for Inspection and Detection Technology Investments, $18,500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further , That for fiscal year 
Patrol shall maintain an active duty presence of not less than 21,370 fulltime equivalent agents protecting the borders of the United States in the fiscal year. 
and Border Protection for operation and improvement of automated systems, including salaries and expenses, $829,460,000; of which $465,732,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018; and of which not less than $151,184,000 shall be for the development of the Automated Commercial Environment. 
fencing, infrastructure, and technology, $447,461,000; of which $273,931,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017, for operations and maintenance; and of which $173,530,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, for development and deployment. 
maintenance, and procurement of marine vessels, aircraft, unmanned aerial systems, the Air and Marine Operations Center, and other related equipment of the air and marine program, including salaries and expenses, operational training, and missionrelated travel, the operations of which include the following: the interdiction of narcotics and other goods; the provision of support to Federal, State, and local agencies in the enforcement or administration of laws enforced by the Department of Homeland Security; and, at the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the provision of assistance to Federal, State, and local agencies in other law enforcement and emergency humanitarian efforts; $802,298,000; of which $300,429,000 shall be available for salaries and expenses; and of which $501,869,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That no aircraft or other related 
that are one of a kind and have been identified as excess to U.S. Customs and Border Protection requirements and aircraft that have been damaged beyond repair, shall be transferred to any other Federal agency, department, or office outside of the Department of Homeland Security during fiscal year 2016 without prior notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives: Provided further, That funding made available under this 
heading shall be available for customs expenses when necessary to maintain or to temporarily increase operations in Puerto Rico. 
construct, renovate, equip, furnish, operate, manage, and maintain buildings, facilities, and related infrastructure necessary for the administration and enforcement of the laws relating to customs, immigration, and border security, $340,128,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
made available under this heading, $100,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation until the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report detailing the number of fulltime equivalent employees hired and lost through attrition for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on June 30, 2016: Provided further , 
That of the total amount made available under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation until the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement briefs the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives on efforts to increase the number of communities and law enforcement agencies participating in the Priority Enforcement Program, including details as to the jurisdictions and law enforcement agencies approached and the level of participation on a bycommunity basis: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available under this heading shall be available to compensate any employee for overtime in an annual amount in 
excess of $35,000, except that the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive that amount as necessary for national security purposes and in cases of immigration emergencies: Provided 
$15,770,000 shall be for activities to enforce laws against forced child labor, of which not to exceed $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That of the 
total amount available, not less than $1,600,000,000 shall be available to identify aliens convicted of a crime who may be deportable, and to remove them from the United States once they are judged deportable: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall prioritize the identification and removal of aliens convicted of a crime by the severity of that crime: Provided further , That funding made available 
under this heading shall maintain a level of not less than 34,000 detention beds through September 30, 2016: Provided further , That of 
the total amount provided, not less than $3,217,942,000 is for enforcement, detention, and removal operations, including transportation of unaccompanied minor aliens: Provided further , That of the amount provided 
for Custody Operations in the previous proviso, $45,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further , That of 
the total amount provided for the Visa Security Program and international investigations, $13,300,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further , That not 
less than $15,000,000 shall be available for investigation of intellectual property rights violations, including operation of the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center: Provided further , That none of 
That none of the funds provided under this heading may be used to continue any contract for the provision of detention services if the two most recent overall performance evaluations received by the contracted facility are less than ‘‘adequate’’ or the equivalent median score in any subsequent performance evaluation system: Provided further, That nothing under this heading shall 
enforcement automated systems, $53,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration related to providing civil aviation security services pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Public Law 107–71; 115 Stat. 597; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note), $5,719,437,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017; of which not to exceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided , That any award to deploy explosives 
detection systems shall be based on risk, the airport’s current reliance on other screening solutions, lobby congestion resulting in increased security concerns, high injury rates, airport readiness, and increased cost effectiveness: Provided further , That security service fees authorized under section 44940 of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections and shall be available only for aviation security: Provided further , That the sum appropriated under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollarfordollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2016 so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $3,589,437,000: Provided further , That the funds 
any other provision of law, for the current fiscal year and each fiscal year hereafter, mobile explosives detection systems purchased and deployed using funds made available under this heading may be moved and redeployed to meet evolving passenger and baggage screening security priorities at airports: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available in this Act may be used for any recruiting or hiring of personnel into the Transportation Security Administration that would cause the agency to exceed a staffing level of 45,000 fulltime equivalent screeners: Provided further , That the preceding proviso shall not apply to personnel hired as parttime employees: Provided further, That not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the 
Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a detailed report on— 
efforts and resources being devoted to develop more advanced integrated passenger screening technologies for the most effective security of passengers and baggage at the lowest possible operating and acquisition costs, including projected funding levels for each fiscal year for the next 5 years or until project completion, whichever is earlier; 
improved technologies for passenger and baggage screening, including highspeed baggage screening, and how those savings are being used to offset security costs or reinvested to address security vulnerabilities: 
States House of Representatives and the United States Senate, including the leadership; the heads of Federal agencies and commissions, including the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, Under Secretaries, and Assistant Secretaries of the Department of Homeland Security; the United States Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, Assistant Attorneys General, and the United States Attorneys; and senior members of the Executive Office of the President, including the Director of the Office of Management and 
For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration related to surface transportation security activities, $110,798,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For necessary expenses for the development and implementation of intelligence and vetting activities, $236,693,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration related to transportation security support pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Public Law 107–71; 115 Stat. 597; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note), $924,015,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
funds made available by this Act shall be for expenses incurred for recreational vessels under section 12114 of title 46, United States Code, except to the extent fees are collected from owners of yachts and credited to this appropriation: Provided further , That to the 
extent fees are insufficient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documentation under such section 12114, and there is a backlog of recreational vessel applications, then personnel performing nonrecreational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform documentation under section 12114: Provided further , That of the funds provided under this heading, $85,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation for Coast Guard Headquarters Directorates until a future years capital investment plan for fiscal years 2017 through 2021, as specified under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’ of this Act, is submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives: Provided further , That funds 
made available under this heading for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism may be allocated by program, project, and activity, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act: Provided further , That 
environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, $13,221,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
Reserve, as authorized by law; operations and maintenance of the Coast Guard reserve program; personnel and training costs; and equipment and services; $110,614,000. 
of the funds provided by this Act, not less than $640,000,000 shall be immediately available and allotted to contract for the production of the ninth National Security Cutter notwithstanding the availability of funds for postproduction costs: Provided further , That 
used for the purposes of this appropriation funds received from State and local governments, other public authorities, private sources, and foreign countries for expenses incurred for research, development, testing, and evaluation. RETIRED PAY  
obligations otherwise chargeable to lapsed appropriations for this purpose, payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protection and Survivor Benefits Plans, payment for career status bonuses, concurrent receipts, and combatrelated special compensation under the National Defense Authorization Act, and payments for medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, $1,604,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
States Secret Service, including purchase of not to exceed 652 vehicles for policetype use for replacement only; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of motorcycles made in the United States; hire of aircraft; services of expert witnesses at such rates as may be determined by the Director of the United States Secret Service; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia, and fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control, as may be necessary to perform protective functions; payment of per diem or subsistence allowances to employees in cases in which a protective assignment on the actual day or days of the 
visit of a protectee requires an employee to work 16 hours per day or to remain overnight at a post of duty; conduct of and participation in firearms matches; presentation of awards; travel of United States Secret Service employees on protective missions without regard to the limitations on such expenditures in this or any other Act if approval is obtained in advance from the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives; research and development; grants to conduct behavioral research in support of protective research and operations; and payment in advance for commercial accommodations as may be necessary to perform protective functions; $1,854,526,000; of which not to exceed $19,125 shall be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be to provide technical assistance and equipment to foreign law enforcement organizations in counterfeit investigations; of which $2,366,000 shall be for forensic and related support of investigations of missing and exploited children; of which $6,000,000 shall be for a grant for activities related to investigations of missing and exploited children and shall remain available until September 30, 2017; and of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be for activities related to training in electronic crimes investigations and forensics: Provided , That $18,000,000 for 
protective travel shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further , 
That of the amounts made available under this heading for security improvements at the White House complex, $8,200,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further , That $4,500,000 for National 
Special Security Events shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That 
the United States Secret Service is authorized to obligate funds in anticipation of reimbursements from Federal agencies and entities, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, for personnel receiving training sponsored by the James J. Rowley Training Center, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available under this heading at the end of the fiscal year: Provided further , That none of the funds 
made available under this heading shall be available to compensate any employee for 
$35,000, except that the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive that amount as necessary for national security purposes: Provided further, That none of the funds made available 
to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous appropriations Acts may be made available for the protection of the head of a Federal agency other than the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided further, That the Director of the United States 
Secret Service may enter into an agreement to provide such protection on a fully reimbursable basis: Provided further , That none of 
the funds made available to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous appropriations Acts may be obligated for the purpose of opening a new permanent domestic or overseas office or location unless the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified 15 days in advance of such obligation: Provided further , That for purposes of 
section 503 of this Act, $15,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, may be reprogrammed between Protection of Persons and Facilities and Domestic Field Operations. 
construction, repair, alteration, and improvement of physical and technological infrastructure, $79,019,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
the National Protection and Programs Directorate, and support for operations and information technology, $62,132,000: Provided , 
That not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
protection and information security programs and activities, as authorized by title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), $1,291,000,000, of which $289,650,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
fees credited to this account shall be available until expended for necessary expenses related to the protection of federally owned and leased buildings and for the operations of the Federal Protective Service: Provided , 
For necessary expenses for the Office of Biometric Identity Management, as authorized by section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), $282,473,000, of which $159,054,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
Health Affairs, $125,369,000; of which $27,010,000 is for salaries and expenses and $82,078,000 is for BioWatch operations: Provided , That of the amount made available 
under this heading, $16,281,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017, for biosurveillance, chemical defense, medical and health planning and coordination, and workforce health protection. 
Emergency Management Agency, $960,754,000, including activities authorized by the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), the Cerro Grande Fire Assistance Act of 2000 (division C, title I, 114 Stat. 583), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2061 et seq.), sections 107 and 303 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 404, 405), Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), the National Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467 et seq.), the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.), the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53), the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.), the PostKatrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–295; 120 Stat. 1394), the BiggertWaters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–141, 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–89): Provided , That not to exceed $2,250 
shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , That of the 
total amount made available under this heading, $35,180,000 shall be for the Urban Search and Rescue Response System, of which none is available for Federal Emergency Management Agency administrative costs: Provided further , That of the total 
amount made available under this heading, $27,500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017, for capital improvements and other expenses related to continuity of operations at the Mount Weather Emergency Operations Center: Provided further , That of 
the total amount made available, $3,422,000 shall be for the Office of National Capital Region Coordination. 
For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, $1,500,000,000, which shall be allocated as follows: 
Road Bus Security: Provided , That such public transportation security assistance shall be provided directly to public transportation agencies. 
operations for training, exercises, technical assistance, and other programs, of which $162,991,000 shall be for training of State, local, and tribal emergency response providers: 
Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.), $690,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which $345,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 33 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 2229) and $345,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 34 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 2229a). 
grants, as authorized by the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), and Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $350,000,000. 
The aggregate charges assessed during fiscal year 2016, as authorized in title III of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (42 U.S.C. 5196e), shall not be less than 100 percent of the amounts anticipated by the Department of Homeland Security necessary for its radiological emergency preparedness program for the next fiscal year: Provided , 
That the methodology for assessment and collection of fees shall be fair and equitable 
and shall reflect costs of providing such services, including administrative costs of collecting such fees: Provided further , That fees 
received under this heading shall be deposited in this account as offsetting collections and will become available for authorized purposes on October 1, 2016, and remain available until expended. 
States Fire Administration and for other purposes, as authorized by the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.) and the Homeland Security Act 
Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $7,374,693,000 to remain available until expended, of which $24,000,000 shall be transferred to the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General for audits and investigations related to disasters: Provided , That the reporting requirements in 
That of the amount provided under this heading, $6,712,953,000 shall be for major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided 
That in fiscal year 2016, no funds shall be available from the National Flood Insurance Fund under section 1310 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4017) in excess of: 
not exceed 4 percent of the total appropriation: Provided further , That up to $5,000,000 is 
available to carry out section 24 of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 4033). 
For the predisaster mitigation grant program under section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133), $100,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
Shelter program pursuant to title III of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11331 et seq.), $120,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That total administrative costs shall not exceed 3.5 percent of the total amount made available under this heading: Provided further, That if the President’s budget proposal 
That such plan shall include details on the transition of programmatic responsibilities, efforts to consult with stakeholders, and mechanisms to ensure that the original purpose of the program will be retained. 
other provision of law, funds otherwise made available to United States Citizenship and Immigration Services may be used to acquire, operate, equip, and dispose of up to 5 vehicles, for replacement only, for areas where the Administrator of General Services does not provide vehicles for lease: Provided 
Citizenship and Immigration Services may authorize employees who are assigned to those areas to use such vehicles to travel between the employees’ residences and places 
Enforcement Training Center, including materials and support costs of Federal law enforcement basic training; the purchase of not 
to exceed 117 vehicles for policetype use and hire of passenger motor vehicles; expenses for student athletic and related activities; the conduct of and participation in firearms matches and presentation of awards; public awareness and enhancement of community support of law enforcement training; room and board for student interns; a flat monthly reimbursement to employees authorized to use personal mobile phones for official duties; and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; $217,485,000; of which up to $38,981,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017, for materials and support costs of Federal law enforcement basic training; and of which not to exceed $7,180 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided , That 
the Center is authorized to obligate funds in anticipation of reimbursements from agencies receiving training sponsored by the Center, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available at the end of the fiscal year: Provided further , That section 
That the Federal Law Enforcement Training Accreditation Board, including representatives from the Federal law enforcement community and nonFederal accreditation experts involved in law enforcement training, shall lead the Federal law enforcement training accreditation process to continue the implementation of measuring and assessing the quality and effectiveness of Federal law enforcement training programs, facilities, and instructors. 
real property and facilities, construction, and ongoing maintenance, facility improvements, and related expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, $27,553,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That the Center is 
authorized to accept reimbursement to this appropriation from government agencies requesting the construction of special use facilities. 
the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and for management and administration of programs and activities, as authorized by title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), $131,531,000: Provided , That not to exceed $7,650 shall be 
technology research, including advanced research projects, development, test and evaluation, acquisition, and operations as authorized by title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), and the purchase or lease of not to exceed 5 vehicles, $655,407,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
Nuclear Detection Office, as authorized by title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.), for management and administration of programs and activities, $38,109,000: Provided , That not to exceed 
$2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
nuclear research, development, testing, evaluation, and operations, $196,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
Nuclear Detection Office acquisition and deployment of radiological detection systems in accordance with the global nuclear detection architecture, $113,011,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
section 503 of this Act, the unexpended balances of prior appropriations provided for activities in this Act may be transferred to appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this Act, may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts, and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. 
this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies in or transferred to the Department of Homeland Security that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2016, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— 
project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; 
presently performed by Federal employees or any new function or activity proposed to be performed by Federal employees in the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Homeland Security; 
or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; 
reduction in personnel that would result in a change in existing programs, projects, or activities as approved by the Congress, unless the Committees on Appropriations of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. 
the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Homeland Security may be used to make payments to the Working Capital Fund, except for the activities and amounts allowed in the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget: Provided further, That funds provided to the Working 
Capital Fund shall be available for obligation until expended to carry out the purposes of the Working Capital Fund: Provided further, That all Departmental components 
shall be charged only for direct usage of each Working Capital Fund service: Provided further, That funds provided to the Working 
Capital Fund shall be used only for purposes consistent with the contributing component: Provided further , That the Working Capital 
Fund shall be paid in advance or reimbursed at rates which will return the full cost of each service: Provided further , That the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives shall be notified of any activity added to or removed from the fund: Provided further , That for any 
activity added to the fund, the notification shall identify sources of funds by program, project, and activity: Provided further , That 
the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit a quarterly execution report with activity level detail, not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter. 
provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2016, as recorded in the financial records at the time of a reprogramming request, but not later than June 30, 2017, from appropriations for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2016 in this Act shall remain available through September 30, 2017, in the account and for the purposes for which the appropriations were provided: Provided , 
That prior to the obligation of such funds, a request shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives for approval in accordance with section 503 of this Act. 
for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal 
year 2016 until the enactment of an Act authorizing intelligence activities for fiscal year 2016. 
grant, contract, other transaction agreement, or task or delivery order on a Department of Homeland Security multiple award contract, or to issue a letter of intent totaling in excess of $1,000,000; 
an obligation of funds in an amount greater than $10,000,000 from multiyear Department of Homeland Security funds; 
determines that compliance with this section would pose a substantial risk to human life, health, or safety, an award may be made without notification, and the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 5 full business days after such an award is made or letter issued. 
the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated; the type of contract; and the account from which the funds are being drawn. 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used for expenses for any construction, repair, alteration, or acquisition project for which a prospectus otherwise required under chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus. 
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2008 (division E of Public Law 110–161; 121 Stat. 2073 and 2074) shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such sections applied to funds made available in that Act. 
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2006 (6 U.S.C. 114), shall hereafter not apply with respect to funds made available in this or any other Act. 
amended by striking ‘‘thereafter’’, and section 554 of Public Law 111–83 is amended by striking ‘‘and shall report annually thereafter’’. 
in this Act may be used in contravention of the applicable provisions of the Buy American Act. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 
in this Act may be used to amend the oath of allegiance required by section 337 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1448). 
last day of each month, the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a monthly budget and staffing report for that month that includes total obligations of the Department for that month for the fiscal year at the appropriation and program, project, and activity levels, by the source year of the appropriation: Provided , That total obligations for staffing 
shall also be provided by subcategory of on board and funded fulltime equivalent staffing levels, respectively: Provided further , 
That the report shall specify the number of, and total obligations for, contract employees for each office of the Department. 
44945 of title 49, United States Code, funds appropriated or transferred to Transportation Security Administration ‘‘Aviation Security’’, ‘‘Administration’’, and ‘‘Transportation Security Support’’ for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 that are recovered or deobligated shall be available only for the procurement or installation of explosives detection systems, air cargo, baggage, and checkpoint screening systems, subject to notification: Provided , That semiannual reports 
shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives on any funds that are recovered or deobligated. 
this Act may be used to process or approve a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for services provided by employees (including employees serving on a temporary or term basis) of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services of the Department of Homeland Security who are known as Immigration Information Officers, Immigration Service Analysts, Contact Representatives, Investigative Assistants, or Immigration Services Officers. 
Guard, Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’ for fiscal years 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2006 for the 110–123 foot patrol boat conversion that are recovered, collected, or otherwise received as the result of negotiation, mediation, or litigation, shall be available until expended for the Fast Response Cutter program. 
Enforcement Training Center instructor staff shall be classified as inherently governmental for the purpose of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act of 1998 (31 U.S.C. 501 note). 
or previous appropriations Acts shall be used to fund any position designated as a Principal Federal Official (or the successor thereto) for any Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 
by this or previous appropriations Acts may be used to establish an Office of Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Defense until such time as Congress has authorized such establishment. 
in this Act may be used by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services to grant an immigration benefit unless the results of background checks required by law to be completed prior to the granting of the benefit have been received by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, and the results do not preclude the granting of the benefit. 
September 30, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘Until September 30, 2016,’’; and 
individuals transporting on their person a personaluse quantity of the prescription drug, not to exceed a 90day supply: Provided 
section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802); or 
be used to reduce the Coast Guard’s Operations Systems Center mission or its governmentemployed or contract staff levels. 
the funds identified for such a transfer may be obligated until the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives approve the proposed transfers. 
in this Act may be used for planning, testing, piloting, or developing a national identification card. 
this Act may be used to conduct, or to implement the results of, a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A– 76 for activities performed with respect to the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center. 
this Act to report or to certify to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives may not delegate such authority to perform that act unless specifically authorized herein. 
otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
in this Act may be used for firstclass travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 
may be used to alter operations within the Civil Engineering Program of the Coast Guard nationwide, including civil engineering units, facilities design and construction centers, maintenance and logistics commands, and the Coast Guard Academy, except that none of the funds provided in this Act may be used to reduce operations within any civil engineering unit unless specifically authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 
screen aviation passengers and crews for transportation or national security purposes, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure that all such processes take into consideration such passengers’ and crews’ privacy and civil liberties consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance. 
United States Citizenship and Immigration Services for grants for immigrant integration may be used to provide services to aliens who have not been lawfully admitted for permanent residence. 
‘‘Office of the Under Secretary for Management’’, $215,679,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses to plan, acquire, design, construct, renovate, remediate, equip, furnish, improve infrastructure, and occupy buildings and facilities for the Department headquarters consolidation project and associated mission support consolidation: Provided , That the Committees on 
Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives shall receive an expenditure plan not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act detailing the allocation of these funds. 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Homeland Security to enter into any Federal contract unless such contract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code, or chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless such contract is otherwise authorized by statute to be entered into without regard to the above referenced statutes. 
financial systems modernization, $52,977,000 to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
for financial systems modernization may be transferred by the Secretary of Homeland Security between appropriations for the same purpose, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. 
shall occur until 15 days after the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of such transfer. 
cybersecurity to safeguard and enhance Department of Homeland Security systems and capabilities, $100,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
for cybersecurity may be transferred by the Secretary of Homeland Security between appropriations for the same purpose, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. 
shall occur until 15 days after the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of such transfer. 
emergent threats from violent extremism and from complex, coordinated terrorist attacks, $50,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
for emergent threats may be transferred by the Secretary of Homeland Security between appropriations for the same purpose, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. 
shall occur until 15 days after the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of such transfer. 
the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
in this Act may be used by a Federal law enforcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. 
or any other Act may be obligated to implement the National Preparedness Grant Program or any other successor grant programs unless explicitly authorized by Congress. 
in this Act may be used to provide funding for the position of Public Advocate, or a successor position, within U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
113–76 is amended by striking ‘‘five pilots per year’’ and inserting ‘‘10 pilots per year’’. 
in this Act may be used to pay for the travel to or attendance of more than 50 employees of a single component of the Department of Homeland Security, who are stationed in the United States, at a single international conference unless the Secretary of Homeland Security, or a designee, determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives within at least 10 days of that determination and the basis for that determination: Provided , That for purposes of this section the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representatives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international organizations, or nongovernmental organizations: Provided further , That the total cost to 
the Department of Homeland Security of any such conference shall not exceed $500,000. 
in this Act may be used to reimburse any Federal department or agency for its participation in a National Special Security Event. 
that airport operators provide airportfinanced staffing to monitor exit points from the sterile area of any airport at which the Transportation Security Administration provided such monitoring as of December 1, 2013. 
to the Department of Homeland Security by this or any other Act may be obligated for any structural pay reform that affects more than 100 fulltime equivalent employee positions or costs more than $5,000,000 in a single year before the end of the 30day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to Congress a notification that includes— 
current year and through the Future Years Homeland Security Program; 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall not— 
any new border crossing fee on individuals crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry; or 
section, the term ‘‘border crossing fee’’ means a fee that every pedestrian, cyclist, and driver and passenger of a private motor vehicle is required to pay for the privilege of crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry. 
Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives in the Comprehensive Acquisition Status Report and its quarterly updates, required under the heading ‘‘Office of the Under Secretary for Management’’ of this Act, on any major acquisition program that does not meet such documentation requirements and the schedule by which the program will come into compliance with these requirements. 
this or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used for a major acquisition program that is out of compliance with such documentation requirements for more than two years except that funds may be used solely to come into compliance with such documentation requirements or to terminate the program. 
this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel who prepare or submit appropriations language as part of the President’s budget proposal to the Congress of the United States for programs under the jurisdiction of the Appropriations Subcommittees on the Department of Homeland Security that assumes revenues or reflects a reduction from the previous year due to user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budget unless such budget submission identifies which additional spending reductions should occur in the event the user fees proposals are not enacted prior to the date of the convening of a committee of conference for the fiscal year 2017 appropriations Act. 
by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. 
That to the extent that amounts realized from such collections exceed $14,000,000, those amounts in excess of $14,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain available until expended: Provided further , 
That this authority is contingent on enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
Department of Homeland Security, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided , That no amounts 
may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–177): 
balances from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Automation Modernization’’; 
balances from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Construction and Facilities Management’’; 
Management Agency, National Predisaster Mitigation Fund’’ account 70 × 0716; 
the heading ‘‘Science and Technology, Research, Development, Acquisition, and Operations’’; 
the heading ‘‘Science and Technology, Research, Development, Acquisition, and Operations’’; and 
the heading ‘‘Science and Technology, Research, Development, Acquisition, and Operations’’. 
Department of Homeland Security when it was created in 2003, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: 
made available in the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund established by section 9703 of title 31, United States Code (added by section 638 of Public Law 102–393), 
available to ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency, Disaster Relief Fund’’, $1,021,879,000 shall be rescinded: Provided , 
That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That no amounts may be rescinded 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
DIVISION G—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
improvement, development, disposal, cadastral surveying, classification, acquisition of easements and other interests in lands, and performance of other functions, including maintenance of facilities, as authorized by law, in the management of lands and their 
Administration program operations, including the cost of administering the mining claim fee program, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Bureau and credited to this appropriation from mining claim maintenance fees and location fees that are hereby authorized for fiscal year 2016, so as to result in a final appropriation estimated at not more than $1,072,675,000, and $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, from communication site rental fees established by the Bureau for the cost of administering communication site activities. 
protection, and development of resources and for construction, operation, and maintenance of access roads, reforestation, and other improvements on the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands, on other Federal lands in the Oregon and California landgrant counties of Oregon, and on adjacent rightsofway; and acquisition of lands or interests therein, including existing connecting roads on or adjacent to such grant 
For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisition of lands and interests therein, and improvement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751), notwithstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act (43 U.S.C. 315b, 315m) and the amount designated for range improvements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from BankheadJones lands transferred to the Department of the Interior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That not to exceed $600,000 
costs related to processing application documents and other authorizations for use and disposal of public lands and resources, for costs of providing copies of official public land documents, for monitoring construction, operation, and termination of facilities in conjunction with use authorizations, and for rehabilitation of damaged property, such amounts as may be collected under Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), and under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185), to remain available until expended: Provided , That, notwithstanding any 
such moneys that are in excess of amounts needed to repair damage to the exact land for which funds were collected may be used to repair other damaged public lands. 
carry out the operations funded under this Act by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erection, and dismantlement of temporary structures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the discretion of the Secretary, for information or evidence concerning violations of laws administered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities authorized or approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided , That 
notwithstanding Public Law 90–620 (44 U.S.C. 501), the Bureau may, under cooperative costsharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further , That 
projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to provide an identified amount of money in support of the project may be carried out by the Bureau on a reimbursable basis. Appropriations herein made shall not be available for the destruction of healthy, unadopted, wild horses and burros in the care of the Bureau or its contractors or for the sale of wild horses and burros that results in their destruction for processing into commercial products. 
States Fish and Wildlife Service, as authorized by law, and for scientific and economic studies, general administration, and for the performance of other authorized functions related to such resources, $1,238,771,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That not to exceed $20,515,000 shall be 
For construction, improvement, acquisition, or removal of buildings and other facilities required in the conservation, management, investigation, protection, and utilization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests therein; $23,687,000, to remain available until expended. 
For expenses necessary to carry out chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, $68,500,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which, notwithstanding section 200306 of 
title 54, United States Code, not more than $10,000,000 shall be for land conservation partnerships authorized by the Highlands Conservation Act of 2004, including not to exceed $320,000 for administrative expenses: Provided , That none of the funds appropriated for specific land acquisition projects may be used to pay for any administrative overhead, planning or other management costs. 
For expenses necessary to carry out section 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1535), $53,495,000, to remain available until expended, of which $22,695,000 is to be derived from the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund; and of which $30,800,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
Act of October 17, 1978 (16 U.S.C. 715s), $13,228,000. 
provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.), $35,145,000, to remain available until expended. 
Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), $3,910,000, to remain available until expended. 
African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.), the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq.), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), $11,061,000, to remain available until expended. 
and to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Indian tribes under the provisions of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, for the development and implementation of programs for the benefit of wildlife and their habitat, including species that are not hunted or fished, $60,571,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of the amount provided herein, $4,084,000 is for a competitive grant program for Indian tribes not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided further , That $5,487,000 is 
for a competitive grant program to implement approved plans for States, territories, and other jurisdictions and at the discretion of affected States, the regional Associations of fish and wildlife agencies, not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided further , That the Secretary 
onethird of which is based on the ratio to 
under this paragraph shall be adjusted equitably so that no State shall be apportioned a sum which is less than 1 percent of the amount available for apportionment under this paragraph for any fiscal year or more than 5 percent of such amount: Provided further, That the Federal share of planning 
grants shall not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such projects and the Federal share of implementation grants shall not exceed 65 percent of the total costs of such projects: Provided further , That the nonFederal share of such projects may not be derived from Federal grant programs: Provided 
to any State, territory, or other jurisdiction that remains unobligated as of September 30, 2017, shall be reapportioned, together with funds appropriated in 2018, in the manner provided herein. 
The United States Fish and Wildlife Service may carry out the operations of Service programs by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities. Appropriations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall be available for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reservation areas caused by operations of the Service; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed $1 for each option; facilities incident to such public recreational uses on conservation areas as are consistent with their primary purpose; and the maintenance and improvement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Service and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in connection with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided , That 
notwithstanding 44 U.S.C. 501, the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share at least onehalf the cost of printing either in cash or services and the Service determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further , That 
the Service may accept donated aircraft as replacements for existing aircraft: Provided 
all fees collected for nontoxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the heading ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service—Resource Management’’ and shall be available to the Secretary, without further appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such nontoxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall remain available until expended. 
For expenses necessary for the management, operation, and maintenance of areas and facilities administered by the National Park Service and for the general administration of the National Park Service, $2,369,596,000, of which $10,001,000 for planning and interagency coordination in support of Everglades restoration and $99,461,000 for maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation projects for constructed assets shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , 
That funds appropriated under this heading in this Act are available for the purposes of 
For expenses necessary to carry out recreation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance and review, international park affairs, and grant administration, not otherwise provided for, $62,632,000. 
National Historic Preservation Act (division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code), $65,410,000, to be derived from the Historic Preservation Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which $500,000 is for competitive grants for the survey and nomination of properties to the National Register of Historic Places and as National Historic Landmarks associated with communities currently underrepresented, as determined by the Secretary, and of which $8,000,000 is for competitive grants to preserve the sites and stories of the Civil Rights movement: Provided , That such competitive 
replacement of physical facilities, including modifications authorized by section 104 of the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989 (16 U.S.C. 410r8), $192,937,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, for any project initially funded in fiscal year 2016 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5–Year Line Item Construction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further , 
That the solicitation and contract shall contain the clause availability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18: Provided further , That National Park Service Donations, Park Concessions Franchise Fees, and Recreation Fees may be made available for the cost of adjustments and changes within the original scope of effort for projects funded by the National Park Service Construction appropriation: Provided further , That the Secretary of the 
Interior shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations, in accordance with current reprogramming thresholds, prior to making any charges authorized by this section. 
year 2016 by section 200308 of title 54, United States Code, is rescinded. 
For expenses necessary to carry out chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of lands or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with the statutory authority applicable to the National Park Service, $173,670,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which $110,000,000 is for the State assistance program and of which $10,000,000 shall be for the American Battlefield Protection Program grants as authorized by chapter 3081 of title 54, United States Code. 
provisions of section 101701 of title 54, United States Code, relating to challenge cost share 
agreements, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended, for Centennial Challenge projects and programs: Provided , That not 
less than 50 percent of the total cost of each project or program shall be derived from nonFederal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of donation guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit. 
National Park Service funds may be transferred to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Department of Transportation, for purposes authorized under 23 U.S.C. 204. Transfers may include a reasonable amount for FHWA administrative support costs. 
shall be used to conduct new surveys on private property, unless specifically authorized in writing by the property owner: Provided 
shall be used to pay more than onehalf the cost of topographic mapping or water resources data collection and investigations carried on in cooperation with States and municipalities. 
activities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the public interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisition of lands for gauging stations and observation wells; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geological Sciences; and payment of compensation and expenses of persons employed by the Survey duly appointed to represent the United States in the negotiation and administration of interstate compacts: Provided , That activities funded 
by appropriations herein made may be accomplished through the use of contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further , That the United 
States Geological Survey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indirectly with institutions or nonprofit organizations, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 6101, for the temporary or intermittent services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to compensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal employees for any other purposes. 
easements, rightsofway and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marinerelated purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving operations related thereto, as authorized by law; for environmental studies, as authorized by law; for implementing other laws and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $170,857,000, of which $74,235,000, is to remain available until September 30, 2017 and of which $96,622,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further , 
That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $74,235,000: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for reasonable expenses related to promoting volunteer beach and marine cleanup activities. BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
of operations related to leases, easements, rightsofway and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf, as authorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as authorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $124,772,000, of which $67,565,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2017 and of which $57,207,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided , That this 
total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further , 
That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $67,565,000. 
remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which shall be derived from nonrefundable inspection fees collected in fiscal year 2016, as provided in this Act: Provided , That to the extent that amounts realized from such inspection fees exceed $65,000,000, the amounts realized in excess of $65,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain available until expended: Provided further , That for fiscal year 2016, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and missionrelated costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly development, subject to environmental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.), including the review of applications for permits to drill. 
section 1016, title IV, sections 4202 and 4303, title VII, and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $14,899,000, which shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until expended. 
provisions of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $123,253,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That appropriations for the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement may provide for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. 
In addition, for costs to review, administer, and enforce permits issued by the Office pursuant to section 507 of Public Law 95– 87 (30 U.S.C. 1257), $40,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That fees assessed and collected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended: Provided further , That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $123,253,000. 
IV of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $27,303,000, to be derived from receipts of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That pursuant to Public Law 97–365, the Department of the Interior is authorized to use up to 20 percent from the recovery of the delinquent debt owed to the United States Government to pay for contracts to collect these debts: Provided further , That funds made 
available under title IV of Public Law 95–87 may be used for any required nonFederal share of the cost of projects funded by the Federal Government for the purpose of environmental restoration related to treatment or abatement of acid mine drainage from abandoned mines: Provided further , That such 
projects must be consistent with the purposes and priorities of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act: Provided further, That amounts provided under this heading may be used for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. 
until expended, for grants to States for reclamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and conditions in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided , That such additional amount 
be allocated to States within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Indian programs, as authorized by law, including the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2001–2019), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), $2,267,924,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $8,500 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $74,791,000 shall be for welfare assistance payments: Provided , That, in cases of 
designated Federal disasters, the Secretary may exceed such cap, from the amounts provided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further , That federally recognized 
Indian tribes and tribal organizations of federally recognized Indian tribes may use their tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further , That not 
education programs shall become available on July 1, 2016, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $43,813,000 shall remain available until expended for housing improvement, road maintenance, attorney fees, litigation support, land records improvement, and the NavajoHopi Settlement Program: Provided further , That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, including but not limited to the Indian SelfDetermination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450f et seq.) and section 1128 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2008), not to exceed $73,276,000 within and only from such amounts made available for school operations shall be available for administrative cost grants associated with grants approved prior to July 1, 2016: Provided further , That 
any forestry funds allocated to a federally recognized tribe which remain unobligated as of September 30, 2017, may be transferred during fiscal year 2018 to an Indian forest land assistance account established for the benefit of the holder of the funds within the holder’s trust fund account: Provided further , 
That any such unobligated balances not so transferred shall expire on September 30, 2018: Provided further , That, in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to purchase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel. 
For payments to tribes and tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs for fiscal year 2016, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2017: Provided , That amounts obligated but not expended by a tribe or tribal organization for contract support costs for such agreements for the current fiscal year shall be applied to contract support costs otherwise due for such agreements for subsequent fiscal years: Provided further , That, 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
and maintenance of irrigation and power systems, buildings, utilities, and other facilities, including architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; and preparation of lands for farming, and for construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project pursuant to Public Law 87–483, $193,973,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That such amounts as may be available for the construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project may be transferred to the Bureau of Reclamation: Provided further , That 
not to exceed 6 percent of contract authority available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs from the Federal Highway Trust Fund may be used to cover the road program management costs of the Bureau: Provided further , 
That any funds provided for the Safety of Dams program pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 13 shall be made available on a nonreimbursable basis: Provided further , That for fiscal year 
2016, in implementing new construction, replacement facilities construction, or facilities improvement and repair project grants in excess of $100,000 that are provided to grant schools under Public Law 100–297, the Secretary of the Interior shall use the Administrative and Audit Requirements and Cost Principles for Assistance Programs contained in 43 CFR part 12 as the regulatory requirements: Provided further , That such 
grants shall not be subject to section 12.61 of 43 CFR; the Secretary and the grantee shall negotiate and determine a schedule of payments for the work to be performed: Provided 
That in order to ensure timely completion of construction projects, the Secretary may assume control of a project and all funds related to the project, if, within 18 months of the date of enactment of this Act, any grantee receiving funds appropriated in this Act or in any prior Act, has not completed the 
planning and design phase of the project and commenced construction: Provided further , 
That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians appropriation for the appropriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation. 
For payments and necessary administrative expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264, 100–580, 101–618, 111–11, and 111–291, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $49,475,000, to remain available until expended. 
For the cost of guaranteed loans and insured loans, $7,748,000, of which $1,062,000 is for administrative expenses, as authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974: Provided , 
That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further , That these funds are 
available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or insured, not to exceed $113,804,510. 
out the operation of Indian programs by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, either directly or in cooperation with States and other organizations. 
of Indian Affairs may contract for services in support of the management, operation, and maintenance of the Power Division of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. 
law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs for central office oversight and Executive Direction and Administrative Services (except executive direction and administrative services funding for Tribal Priority Allocations, regional offices, and facilities operations and maintenance) shall be available for contracts, grants, compacts, or cooperative agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs under the provisions of the Indian SelfDetermination Act or the Tribal SelfGovernance Act of 1994 (Public Law 103– 413). 
In the event any tribe returns appropriations made available by this Act to the Bureau of Indian Affairs, this action shall not 
diminish the Federal Government’s trust responsibility to that tribe, or the governmenttogovernment relationship between the United States and that tribe, or that tribe’s ability to access future appropriations. 
law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education, other than the amounts provided herein for assistance to public schools under 25 U.S.C. 452 et seq., shall be available to support the operation of any elementary or secondary school in the State of Alaska. 
Education shall be used to support expanded grades for any school or dormitory beyond the grade structure in place or approved by the Secretary of the Interior at each school in the Bureau of Indian Education school system as of October 1, 1995, except that the Secretary of the Interior may waive this prohibition to support expansion of up to one additional grade when the Secretary determines such waiver is needed to support accomplishment of the mission of the Bureau of Indian Education. Appropriations made available in this or any prior Act for schools funded by the Bureau shall be available, in accordance with the Bureau’s funding formula, only to the schools in the Bureau 
school system as of September 1, 1996, and to any school or school program that was reinstated in fiscal year 2012. Funds made available under this Act may not be used to establish a charter school at a Bureaufunded school (as that term is defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2021)), except that a charter school that is in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act and that has operated at a Bureaufunded school before September 1, 1999, may continue to operate during that period, but only if the charter school pays to the Bureau a pro rata share of funds to reimburse the Bureau for the use of the real and personal property (including buses and vans), the funds of the charter school are kept separate and apart from Bureau funds, and the Bureau does not assume any obligation for charter school programs of the State in which the school is located if the charter school loses such funding. Employees of Bureaufunded schools sharing a campus with a charter school and performing functions related to the charter school’s operation and employees of a charter school shall not be treated as Federal employees for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. 
used to establish satellite locations of schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, except that the Secretary may waive this prohibition in order for an Indian tribe to provide language and cultural immersion educational programs for non public schools located within the jurisdictional area of the tribal government which exclusively serve tribal members, do not include grades beyond those currently served at the existing Bureaufunded school, provide an educational environment with educator presence and academic facilities comparable to the Bureaufunded school, comply with all applicable Tribal, Federal, or State health and safety standards, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and demonstrate the benefits of establishing operations at a 
satellite location in lieu of incurring extraordinary costs, such as for transportation or other impacts to students such as those caused by busing students extended distances: Provided , That no funds available 
under this Act may be used to fund operations, maintenance, rehabilitation, construction or other facilitiesrelated costs for such assets that are not owned by the Bureau: Provided further , That the term ‘‘satellite school’’ means a school location physically separated from the existing Bureau school by more than 50 miles but that forms part of the existing school in all other respects. 
the Department of the Interior, including the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $721,769,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses; and of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for workers compensation payments and unemployment compensation payments associated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $12,618,000 for the Office of Valuation Services is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and shall remain available until expended; and of which $38,300,000 shall remain available until expended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activities: Provided , That notwithstanding any other provision of law, $15,000 under this heading shall be available for refunds of overpayments in connection with certain Indian leases in which the Secretary concurred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. 
For fiscal year 2016, up to $400,000 of the 
payments authorized by the Act of October 20, 1976 (31 U.S.C. 6901–6907) may be retained for administrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided , That no 
payment shall be made pursuant to that Act to otherwise eligible units of local government if the computed amount of the payment is less than $100: Provided further , That 
the Secretary may reduce the payment authorized by 31 U.S.C. 6901–6907 for an individual county by the amount necessary to correct prior year overpayments to that county: Provided further , That the amount 
needed to correct a prior year underpayment to an individual county shall be paid from any reductions for overpayments to other counties and the amount necessary to cover any remaining underpayment is hereby appropriated and shall be paid to individual counties: Provided further , That of the total 
amount made available by this title for ‘‘Office of the Secretary—Departmental Operations’’, $452,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary of the Interior for an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for payments in lieu of taxes under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code. 
That all financial transactions of the territorial and local governments herein provided for, including such transactions of all agencies or instrumentalities established or used by such governments, may be audited by the Government Accountability Office, at its discretion, in accordance with chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further , 
That Northern Mariana Islands Covenant grant funding shall be provided according to those terms of the Agreement of the Special Representatives on Future United States Financial Assistance for the Northern Mariana Islands approved by Public Law 104–134: Provided further , That the funds for the program 
of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and maintenance improvement of capital infrastructure with territorial participation and cost sharing to be determined by the Secretary based on the grantee’s commitment to timely maintenance of its capital assets: Provided further , That any appropriation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropriations Acts may be used as nonFederal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c). 
modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further , That such loans or 
funds transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available to make or guarantee loans under such authorities. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $50,047,000. 
For the operation of trust programs for Indians by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, $139,029,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $22,120,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for historical accounting: Provided , That 
funds for trust management improvements and litigation support may, as needed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ account; the Office of the Solicitor, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account; and the Office of the Secretary, ‘‘Departmental Operations’’ account: Provided further , That funds made 
available through contracts or grants obligated during fiscal year 2016, as authorized by the Indian SelfDetermination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to provide a quarterly statement of performance for any Indian trust account that has not had activity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further , That the Secretary shall 
issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such account to be withdrawn upon the express written request of the account holder: Provided 
further , That not to exceed $50,000 is available for the Secretary to make payments to correct administrative errors of either disbursements from or deposits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal accounts after September 30, 2002: Provided further , That erroneous payments that are recovered shall be credited to and remain available in this account for this purpose: Provided further , That 
the Secretary shall not be required to reconcile Special Deposit Accounts with a balance of less than $500 unless the Office of the Special Trustee receives proof of ownership from a Special Deposit Accounts claimant. 
For necessary expenses for fire preparedness, fire suppression operations, fire science and research, emergency rehabilitation, hazardous fuels management activities, and rural fire assistance by the Department of the Interior, $816,745,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $6,427,000 shall be for the renovation or construction of fire facilities: Provided , That 
such funds are also available for repayment of advances to other appropriation accounts from which funds were previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further , 
That of the funds provided $170,000,000 is for hazardous fuels management activities: Provided further , That of the funds provided 
to 43 U.S.C. 1469 may be furnished subsistence and lodging without cost from funds available from this appropriation: Provided 
1856d, sums received by a bureau or office of the Department of the Interior for fire protection rendered pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1856 et seq., protection of United States property, may be credited to the appropriation from which funds were expended to provide that protection, and are available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further , That using 
the amounts designated under this title of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into procurement contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, for hazardous fuels management and resilient landscapes activities, and for training and monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management and resilient landscapes activities on Federal land, or on adjacent nonFederal land for activities that benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further , That the costs of 
implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any non Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided 
this heading may be used to reimburse the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service for the costs of carrying out their responsibilities under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) to consult and conference, as required by section 7 of such Act, in connection with wildland fire management activities: Provided further , That 
the Secretary of the Interior may use wildland fire appropriations to enter into leases of real property with local governments, at or below fair market value, to construct capitalized improvements for fire facilities on such leased properties, including but not limited to fire guard stations, retardant stations, and other initial attack and fire support facilities, and to make advance payments for any such lease or for construction activity associated with the lease: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Provided further , That funds provided for wildfire 
suppression shall be available for support of Federal emergency response actions: Provided further , That funds appropriated under 
this heading shall be available for assistance to or through the Department of State in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall be available to support forestry, wildland fire management, and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its 
territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States and international organizations. 
For necessary expenses for large fire suppression operations of the Department of the Interior and as a reserve fund for suppression and Federal emergency response activities, $177,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such amounts are 
only available for transfer to the ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ account following a declaration by the Secretary in accordance with section 502 of the FLAME Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 1748a). 
of the Interior and any of its component offices and bureaus for the response action, including associated activities, performed pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), $10,010,000, to remain available until expended. 
To conduct natural resource damage assessment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), and Public Law 101–337 (16 U.S.C. 19jj et seq.), $7,767,000, to remain available until expended. 
For the operation and maintenance of a departmental financial and business management system, information technology improvements of general benefit to the Department, and the consolidation of facilities and operations throughout the Department, $67,100,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That none of the funds appropriated in this Act or any other Act may be used to establish reserves in the Working Capital Fund account other than for accrued annual leave and depreciation of equipment without prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further , That 
the Secretary may assess reasonable charges to State, local and tribal government employees for training services provided by the National Indian Program Training Center, other than training related to Public Law 93– 638: Provided further , That the Secretary may 
grants and cooperative agreements to support the Office of Natural Resource Revenue’s collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, as authorized by law. 
from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be obtained by donation, purchase or through available excess surplus property: Provided , 
That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or tradein value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft. 
shall be available for expenditure or transfer (within each bureau or office), with the approval of the Secretary, for the emergency reconstruction, replacement, or repair of aircraft, buildings, utilities, or other facilities or equipment damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, storm, or other unavoidable causes: Provided , That no funds shall be made available under this authority until funds specifically made available to the Department of the Interior for emergencies shall have been exhausted: Provided further , That all funds 
used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible. 
title for wildland fire operations shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred during the preceding fiscal year, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for destruction of vehicles, aircraft, or other equipment in connection with their use for wildland fire operations, such reimbursement to be credited to appropriations currently available at the time of receipt thereof: Provided further , That for wildland fire operations, no funds shall be made available under this authority until the Secretary determines that funds appropriated for ‘‘wildland fire operations’’ and ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’ shall be exhausted within 30 days: Provided further , 
That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as 
such replenishment funds shall be used to reimburse, on a pro rata basis, accounts from which emergency funds were transferred. 
under the headings Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians and any unobligated balances from prior appropriations Acts made under the same headings shall be available for expenditure or transfer for Indian trust management and reform activities. Total funding for historical accounting activities shall not exceed amounts specifically designated in this Act for such purpose. 
the fiscal year. Fees for fiscal year 2016 shall be: 
with any combination of active or inactive wells; and 
wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells. 
for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2016. Fees for fiscal year 2016 shall be: 
in water depths of 500 feet or more; and 
BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT , REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT REORGANIZATION  
order to implement a reorganization of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement, may transfer funds among and between the successor offices and bureaus affected by the reorganization only in conformance with the reprogramming guidelines described in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
division E of Public Law 112–74 (125 Stat. 1013) is amended by striking ‘‘through 2016,’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘through 2018,’’. 
in this Act or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce Secretarial Order No. 3310 issued by the Secretary of the Interior on December 22, 2010: Provided , That nothing in this section shall restrict the Secretary’s authorities under sections 201 and 202 of the Federal Land Policy 
and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1711 and 1712). 
Public Law 112–74 (25 U.S.C. 2000 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2027’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$3,500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000’’. 
Public Law 106–291 (16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by striking ‘‘$11,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$13,000,000’’. 
by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to write or issue pursuant to section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533)— 
Arizona & California Railroad Company’s Right of Way for conveyance of water shall not proceed unless the Secretary of the Interior certifies that the proposed new use is within the scope of the Right of Way. 
made available to the Department of the Interior may be used, in relation to any proposal to store water underground for the purpose of export, for approval of any rightof 
way or similar authorization on the Mojave National Preserve or lands managed by the Needles Field Office of the Bureau of Land Management, or for carrying out any activities associated with such rightofway or similar approval. 
For science and technology, including research and development activities, which shall include research and development activities under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980; necessary expenses for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; procurement of laboratory equipment and supplies; and other operating expenses in support of research and development, $734,648,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That of the funds 
included under this heading, $14,100,000 shall be for Research: National Priorities as specified in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
For environmental programs and management, including necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; purchase of reprints; library memberships in societies or associations which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members; administrative costs of the brownfields program under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002; and not to exceed $9,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $2,613,679,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That of the funds included under 
this heading, $12,700,000 shall be for Environmental Protection: National Priorities as specified in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided 
further , That of the funds included under this 
heading, $427,737,000 shall be for Geographic Programs specified in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). HAZARDOUS WASTE ELECTRONIC MANIFEST  
For necessary expenses to carry out section 3024 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6939g), including the development, operation, maintenance, and upgrading of the hazardous waste electronic manifest system established by such section, $3,674,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $41,489,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For construction, repair, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of, or for use by, the Environmental Protection Agency, $42,317,000, to remain available until expended. 
appropriated under this heading, $9,939,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2017, and $18,850,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Science and Technology’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
the Administrator is authorized to use appropriations made available under this heading to implement section 9013 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to provide financial assistance to federally recognized Indian tribes for the development and implementation of programs to manage underground storage tanks. 
Environmental Protection Agency’s responsibilities under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $18,209,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability trust fund, to remain available until expended. 
for fiscal year 2016, to the extent there are sufficient eligible project applications and projects are consistent with State Intended Use Plans, not less than 10 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State for projects to address green infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other environmentally innovative activities: Provided further , That for 
fiscal year 2016, funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water 
made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State to provide additional subsidy to eligible recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans, or grants (or any combination of these), and shall be so used by the State only where such funds 
are provided as initial financing for an eligible recipient or to buy, refinance, or restructure the debt obligations of eligible recipients only where such debt was incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act; 
this appropriations Act to address the water, wastewater and other critical infrastructure needs of the colonias in the United States along the United StatesMexico border shall be made available to a county or municipal government unless that government has established an enforceable local ordinance, or other zoning rule, which prevents in that jurisdiction the development or construction of any additional colonia areas, or the development within an existing colonia the construction of any new home, business, or other structure which lacks water, wastewater, or other necessary infrastructure; 
State of Alaska to address drinking water and wastewater infrastructure needs of rural and Alaska Native Villages: Provided , That of 
VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 
grants in accordance with the terms and conditions of the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act); 
years 2016 through 2020, notwithstanding other applicable provisions of law, the funds appropriated for the Indian Environmental General Assistance Program shall be available to federally recognized tribes for solid waste and recovered materials collection, transportation, backhaul, and disposal services; and 
and federally recognized Indian tribes for implementation of environmental programs and projects that complement existing environmental program grants, including interagency agreements, as specified in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate pesticide registration service fees in accordance with section 33 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, as amended by Public Law 112–177, the Pesticide Registration Improvement Extension Act of 2012. 
The Administrator is authorized to transfer up to $300,000,000 of the funds appropriated for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Management’’ to the head of any Federal department or agency, with the concurrence of such head, to carry out activities that would support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement programs, projects, or activities; to enter into an interagency agreement with the head of such Federal department or agency to carry out these activities; and to make grants to governmental entities, nonprofit organizations, institutions, and individuals for planning, research, monitoring, outreach, and implementation in furtherance of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. 
The Science and Technology, Environmental Programs and Management, Office of Inspector General, Hazardous Substance 
Superfund, and Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program Accounts, are available for the construction, alteration, repair, rehabilitation, and renovation of facilities provided that the cost does not exceed $150,000 per project. 
amounts appropriated under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Management’’ for fiscal year 2016 to provide grants to implement the Southeastern New England Watershed Restoration Program. 
available in this Act for the Environmental Protection Agency, $27,000,000, to be available until September 30, 2017, to be used solely to meet Federal requirements for cybersecurity implementation, including enhancing response capabilities and upgrading incident management tools: Provided , That such funds 
shall supplement, not supplant, any other amounts made available to the Environmental Protection Agency for such purpose: Provided further , That solely for the purposes 
provided herein, such funds may be transferred to and merged with any other appropriation in this Title. 
‘‘State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’ account, $40,000,000 are permanently rescinded: Provided , That no amounts may be rescinded 
from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
For necessary expenses of forest and rangeland research as authorized by law, $291,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of the funds provided, 
$75,000,000 is for the forest inventory and analysis program. 
and providing technical and financial assistance to States, territories, possessions, and others, and for forest health management, including treatments of pests, pathogens, and invasive or noxious plants and for restoring and rehabilitating forests damaged by pests or invasive plants, cooperative forestry, and education and land conservation activities and conducting an international program as authorized, $237,023,000, to remain available until expended, as authorized by law; of which $62,347,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, for management, protection, improvement, and utilization of the National Forest System, $1,509,364,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of the funds provided, 
of the funds provided, up to $81,941,000 is for the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program for Region 1, Region 3 and Region 4: Provided further , That of the funds provided 
for forest products, up to $65,560,000 may be transferred to support the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program in the preceding proviso: Provided further , That the 
Secretary of Agriculture may transfer to the Secretary of the Interior any unobligated funds appropriated in a previous fiscal year for operation of the Valles Caldera National Preserve. 
For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, $364,164,000, to remain available until expended, for construction, capital improvement, maintenance and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; and for construction, reconstruction, decommissioning of roads that are no longer needed, including unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system, and maintenance of forest roads and trails by the Forest Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided , That $40,000,000 
shall be designated for urgently needed road decommissioning, road and trail repair and maintenance and associated activities, and removal of fish passage barriers, especially in areas where Forest Service roads may be contributing to water quality problems in streams and water bodies which support threatened, endangered, or sensitive species or community water sources: Provided further, That funds becoming available in fiscal 
year 2016 under the Act of March 4, 1913 (16 U.S.C. 501) shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose unless the funds are appropriated: Provided further , That of the funds 
provided for decommissioning of roads, up to $14,743,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ to support the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program. 
provisions of chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the Forest Service, $63,435,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
For acquisition of lands within the exterior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland National Forests, California, as authorized by law, $950,000, to be derived from forest receipts. 
derived from funds deposited by State, county, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for authorized expenditures from funds deposited by nonFederal parties pursuant to Land Sale and Exchange Acts, pursuant to the Act of December 4, 1967 (16 U.S.C. 484a), to remain available until expended (16 U.S.C. 516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96–586; Public Law 76–589, 76–591; and Public Law 78–310). 
For necessary expenses of range rehabilitation, protection, and improvement, 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior 
For necessary expenses of the Forest Service to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsistence uses under title VIII of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 96–487), $2,500,000, to remain available until expended. 
presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency fire suppression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands, emergency rehabilitation of burned over National Forest System lands and water, and for State and volunteer fire assistance, $2,386,329,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such funds including unobligated balances under this heading, are available for repayment of advances from other appropriations accounts previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further , That such funds shall be 
available to reimburse State and other cooperating entities for services provided in response to wildfire and other emergencies or disasters to the extent such reimbursements by the Forest Service for nonfire emergencies are fully repaid by the responsible emergency management agency: Provided 
provision of law, $6,914,000 of funds appropriated under this appropriation shall be available for the Forest Service in support of fire science research authorized by the Joint Fire Science Program, including all Forest Service authorities for the use of funds, such as contracts, grants, research joint venture agreements, and cooperative agreements: Provided further , That all authorities for the 
use of funds, including the use of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements, available to execute the Forest and Rangeland Research appropriation, are also available in the utilization of these funds for Fire Science Research: Provided further , That 
funds provided shall be available for emergency rehabilitation and restoration, hazardous fuels management activities, support to Federal emergency response, and wildfire suppression activities of the Forest Service: Provided further , That of the funds provided, 
$375,000,000 is for hazardous fuels management activities, $19,795,000 is for research activities and to make competitive research grants pursuant to the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Research Act, (16 U.S.C. 1641 et seq.), $78,000,000 is for State fire assistance, and $13,000,000 is for volunteer fire assistance under section 10 of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2106): Provided further , That 
amounts in this paragraph may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’, and ‘‘Forest and Rangeland Research’’ accounts to fund forest and rangeland research, the Joint Fire Science Program, vegetation and watershed management, heritage site rehabilitation, and wildlife and fish habitat management and restoration: Provided further , 
That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any nonFederal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further , That up to 
$15,000,000 of the funds provided herein may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into procurement contracts or cooperative agreements or to issue grants for hazardous fuels management activities and for training or monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management activities on Federal land or on nonFederal land if the Secretary determines such activities benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further , 
That funds made available to implement the Community Forest Restoration Act, Public Law 106–393, title VI, shall be available for use on nonFederal lands in accordance with authorities made available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation: Provided further , That 
the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Provided further , That of 
the funds provided for hazardous fuels management, not to exceed $15,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation, for the purpose of creating incentives for increased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided further , That funds 
designated for wildfire suppression, including funds transferred from the ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’, shall be assessed for cost pools on the same basis as such assessments are calculated against other agency programs: Provided further , 
That of the funds for hazardous fuels management, up to $24,000,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ to support the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program. 
For necessary expenses for large fire suppression operations of the Department of Agriculture and as a reserve fund for suppression and Federal emergency response activities, $823,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such amounts are 
only available for transfer to the ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ account following a declaration by the Secretary in accordance with section 502 of the FLAME Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 1748a). 
the Forest Service may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for forest firefighting, emergency rehabilitation of burnedover or damaged lands or waters under its jurisdiction, and fire preparedness due to severe burning conditions upon the 
Secretary’s notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all fire suppression funds appropriated under the headings ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ and ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’ will be obligated within 30 days: Provided , That all funds used pursuant to this 
paragraph must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation which must be requested as promptly as possible. 
shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Development in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support forestry and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with U.S., private, and international organizations. The Forest Service, acting for the International Program, may sign direct funding agreements with foreign governments and institutions as well as other domestic agencies (including the U.S. Agency for International Development, the Department of State, and the Millennium Challenge Corporation), U.S. private sector firms, institutions and organizations to provide technical assistance and training programs overseas on forestry and rangeland management. 
shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, for removal, preparation, and adoption of excess wild horses and burros from National Forest System lands, and for the performance of cadastral surveys to designate the boundaries of such lands. 
Service may be reprogrammed without the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the reprogramming procedures contained in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture and not more than $14,500,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Department of Agriculture for Department Reimbursable Programs, commonly referred to as Greenbook charges. Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit or limit the use of reimbursable agreements requested by the Forest Service in order to obtain services from the Department of Agriculture’s National Information Technology Center and the Department of Agriculture’s International Technology Service. Of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $5,000,000 shall be available for priority projects within the scope of the approved budget, which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps and shall be carried out under the authority of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993, Public Law 103–82, as amended by Public Lands Corps Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2005, Public Law 109–154. 
Of the funds available to the Forest Service, $4,000 is available to the Chief of the Forest Service for official reception and representation expenses. 
Public Law 101–593, of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $3,000,000 may be advanced in a lump sum to the National Forest Foundation to aid conservation partnership projects in support of the Forest Service mission, without regard to when the Foundation incurs expenses, for projects on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided , 
That of the Federal funds made available to the Foundation, no more than $300,000 shall be available for administrative expenses: Provided further , That the Foundation shall 
obtain, by the end of the period of Federal financial assistance, private contributions to match on at least oneforone basis funds made available by the Forest Service: Provided further , That the Foundation may 
transfer Federal funds to a Federal or a non Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non Federal matching funds. 
98–244, up to $3,000,000 of the funds available to the Forest Service may be advanced to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation in a lump sum to aid costshare conservation projects, without regard to when expenses are incurred, on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided , That such funds shall be 
matched on at least a oneforone basis by the Foundation or its subrecipients: Provided further , That the Foundation may 
transfer Federal funds to a Federal or non Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non Federal matching funds. 
shall be available for interactions with and providing technical assistance to rural communities and natural resourcebased businesses for sustainable rural development purposes. 
to exceed $65,000,000, shall be assessed for the purpose of performing fire, administrative and other facilities maintenance and decommissioning. Such assessments shall occur using a square foot rate charged on the same basis the agency uses to assess programs for payment of rent, utilities, and other support services. 
law, any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service not to exceed $500,000 may be used to reimburse the Office of the General Counsel (OGC), Department of Agriculture, for travel and related expenses incurred as a result of OGC assistance or participation requested by the Forest Service at meetings, training sessions, management reviews, land purchase negotiations and similar nonlitigationrelated matters. Future 
budget justifications for both the Forest Service and the Department of Agriculture should clearly display the sums previously transferred and the requested funding transfers. 
any project funded under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq.) and administered by the Forest Service shall be considered to be a Federal employee for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. 
services furnished by the Indian Health Service: Provided , That funds made available to 
tribes and tribal organizations through contracts, grant agreements, or any other agreements or compacts authorized by the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), shall be deemed to be obligated at the time of the grant or contract award and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further , That, $914,139,000 for Purchased/ 
Referred Care, including $51,500,000 for the Indian Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund, shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That, of the funds provided, 
up to $36,000,000 shall remain available until expended for implementation of the loan repayment program under section 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act: Provided 
shall be used to supplement funds available for operational costs at tribal clinics operated under an Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act compact or contract where health care is delivered in space acquired through a full service lease, which is not eligible for maintenance and improvement and equipment funds from the Indian Health Service, and $2,000,000 shall be for accreditation emergencies: Provided further , 
That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the amounts made available within this account for the methamphetamine and suicide prevention and treatment initiative, for the domestic violence prevention initiative, to improve collections from public and private insurance at Indian Health Service and tribally operated facilities, and for accreditation emergencies shall be allocated at the discretion of the Director of the Indian Health Service and shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That funds 
provided in this Act may be used for annual contracts and grants that fall within 2 fiscal years, provided the total obligation is recorded in the year the funds are appropriated: Provided further , That the amounts 
Human Services under the authority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act, except for those related to the planning, design, or construction of new facilities: Provided further , That funding contained 
herein for scholarship programs under the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613) shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That amounts received by tribes and tribal organizations under title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall be reported and accounted for and available to the receiving tribes and tribal organizations until expended: Provided further , That the Bureau of 
Indian Affairs may collect from the Indian Health Service, tribes and tribal organizations operating health facilities pursuant to Public Law 93–638, such individually identifiable health information relating to disabled children as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400, et seq.): Provided further , That 
the Indian Health Care Improvement Fund may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account. 
For payments to tribes and tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act agreements with the Indian Health Service for fiscal year 2016, such sums as may be necessary: Provided , 
That amounts obligated but not expended by a tribe or tribal organization for contract support costs for such agreements for the current fiscal year shall be applied to contract support costs otherwise due for such agreements for subsequent fiscal years: Provided further , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
For construction, repair, maintenance, improvement, and equipment of health and related auxiliary facilities, including quarters for personnel; preparation of plans, specifications, and drawings; acquisition of sites, purchase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of domestic and community sanitation facilities for Indians, as authorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2004a), the Indian SelfDetermination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for expenses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environmental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $523,232,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, construction, renovation or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian tribe or tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided 
further , That not to exceed $500,000 may be 
used by the Indian Health Service to purchase TRANSAM equipment from the Department of Defense for distribution to the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities: Provided further , That none of the funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities construction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development: Provided further , That not to exceed $2,700,000 from this account and the ‘‘Indian 
Health Services’’ account may be used by the Indian Health Service to obtain ambulances for the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities in conjunction with an existing 
interagency agreement between the Indian Health Service and the General Services Administration: Provided further , That not to 
exceed $500,000 may be placed in a Demolition Fund, to remain available until expended, and be used by the Indian Health Service for the demolition of Federal buildings. 
Indian Health Service shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of medical equipment; purchase of reprints; purchase, renovation and erection of modular buildings and renovation of existing facilities; payments for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; uniforms or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and for expenses of attendance at meetings that relate to the functions or activities of the Indian Health Service: Provided , That in accordance 
with the provisions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, nonIndian patients may be extended health care at all tribally administered or Indian Health Service facilities, subject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651– 2653) shall be credited to the account of the facility providing the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further , That notwithstanding any 
other law or regulation, funds transferred from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Indian Health Service shall be administered under Public Law 86– 121, the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and Public Law 93–638: Provided further , That 
funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, except those used for administrative and program direction purposes, shall not be subject to limitations directed at curtailing Federal travel and transportation: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any assessments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations through the reprogramming process: Provided further , 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made available to a tribe or tribal organization through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), may be deobligated and reobligated to a selfdetermination contract under title I, or a selfgovernance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further , That none of the funds made 
available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Federal Register on September 16, 1987, by the Department of Health and Human Services, relating to the eligibility for the health care services of the Indian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has submitted a budget request reflecting the increased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been included in an appropriations Act and 
respect to functions transferred by the Indian Health Service to tribes or tribal organizations, the Indian Health Service is authorized to provide goods and services to those entities on a reimbursable basis, including payments in advance with subsequent adjustment, and the reimbursements received therefrom, along with the funds received from those entities pursuant to the Indian SelfDetermination Act, may be credited to the same or subsequent appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived, with such amounts to remain available until expended: Provided further , 
That reimbursements for training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will contain total costs, including direct, administrative, and overhead associated with the provision of goods, services, or technical assistance: Provided further, That the appropriation structure for 
the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , That the Indian Health 
Service shall develop a strategic plan for the Urban Indian Health program in consultation with urban Indians and the National Academy of Public Administration, and shall publish such plan not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
For necessary expenses to continue functions assigned to the Council on Environmental Quality and Office of Environmental 
Quality pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, the Environmental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official reception and representation expenses, $3,000,000: Provided , 
That notwithstanding section 202 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the Council shall consist of one member, appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, serving as chairman and exercising all powers, functions, and duties of the Council. 
$11,000,000: Provided , That the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board (Board) shall have not more than three career Senior Executive Service positions: Provided further , 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the individual appointed to the position of Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) shall, by virtue of such appointment, also hold the position of Inspector General of the Board: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Inspector General of the Board shall utilize personnel of the Office of Inspector General of EPA in performing the duties of the Inspector General of the Board, and shall not appoint any individuals to positions within the Board. 
Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as authorized by Public Law 93–531, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That funds provided in this or any other appropriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopipartitioned lands residents, those in significantly substandard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the preceding categories: Provided further , That none of the 
funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands partitioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or replacement home is provided for such household: Provided further , That no relocatee will 
be provided with more than one new or replacement home: Provided further , That the 
Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Navajo reservation or selected a replacement residence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 640d–10: Provided further, That $200,000 shall be transferred to the 
Office of Inspector General of the Department of the Interior, to remain available until expended, for audits and investigations of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation, consistent with the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development, as authorized by title XV of 
Public Law 99–498 (20 U.S.C. 56 part A), $11,619,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Institution, as authorized by law, including research in the fields of art, science, and history; development, preservation, and documentation of the National Collections; presentation of public exhibits and performances; collection, preparation, dissemination, and exchange of information and publications; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agreements of no more than 30 years, and protection of buildings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for employees, $696,045,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $48,233,000 for the instrumentation program, collections acquisition, exhibition reinstallation, the National Museum of African American History and Culture, and the repatriation of skeletal remains program shall remain available until expended; and including such funds as may be necessary to support American overseas research centers: Provided , That funds appropriated herein are available for advance payments to independent contractors performing research services or participating in official Smithsonian presentations. 
For necessary expenses of repair, revitalization, and alteration of facilities owned or occupied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by section 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including necessary personnel, $144,198,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $10,000 shall be for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. 
For the upkeep and operations of the National Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and administrative expenses incident thereto, as authorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, Seventy sixth Congress), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gallery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publications or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the general public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uniforms, or allowances therefor, for other employees as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901– 5902); purchase or rental of devices and services for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and maintenance, alteration, improvement, and repair of buildings, approaches, and grounds; and purchase of services for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by contracts made, without advertising, with individuals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and conditions as the Gallery may deem proper, $124,988,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which not to exceed $3,578,000 for the special exhibition program shall remain available until expended. 
For necessary expenses of repair, restoration and renovation of buildings, grounds and facilities owned or occupied by the National Gallery of Art, by contract or otherwise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, with no extensions or renewals beyond the 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renovations in the Master Facilities Plan, as authorized, $22,564,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That contracts 
awarded for environmental systems, protection systems, and exterior repair or renovation of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contractors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. 
maintenance and security of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $21,660,000. 
and restoration of the existing features of the building and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $14,740,000, to remain available until expended. 
provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of passenger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $10,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965, $147,949,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and productions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through assistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until expended. 
None of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used to process any grant or contract documents which do not include 
the text of 18 U.S.C. 1913: Provided , That none 
of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , That 
funds from nonappropriated sources may be used as necessary for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , 
That the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further , That such small 
grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. 
Arts under chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $2,653,000: Provided , That the 
Commission is authorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to remain available until expended without further appropriation: Provided further , That the Commission 
is authorized to accept gifts, including objects, papers, artwork, drawings and artifacts, that pertain to the history and design of the Nation’s Capital or the history and activities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of artistic display, study or education. 
Capital Planning Commission under chapter 87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $8,348,000: Provided , That onequarter of 1 
percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational expenses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. 
Museum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 (36 U.S.C. 2301–2310), $54,000,000, of which $1,215,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, for the Museum’s equipment replacement program; and of which $2,500,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,264,000 for the Museum’s outreach initiatives program shall remain available until expended. 
of construction design, of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission, $1,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
literature that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legislative proposal on which Congressional action is not complete other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. 
the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended to accept or process applications for a patent for any mining or mill site claim located under the general mining laws. 
of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect in fiscal year 2016. 
fiscal year 2016 under the headings ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services, Indian 
Health Service, Contract Support Costs’’ and ‘‘Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, Contract Support Costs’’ are the only amounts available for contract support costs arising out of selfdetermination or selfgovernance contracts, grants, compacts, or annual funding agreements for fiscal year 2016 with the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Indian Health Service: Provided , That such 
amounts provided by this Act are not available for payment of claims for contract support costs for prior years, or for repayments of payments for settlements or judgments awarding contract support costs for prior years. 
if the Secretary is not acting expeditiously and in good faith, within the funding available, to revise a plan for a unit of the National Forest System, this section shall be void with respect to such plan and a court of proper jurisdiction may order completion of the plan on an accelerated basis. 
be expended to conduct preleasing, leasing and related activities under either the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) within the boundaries of a National Monument established pursuant to the Act of June 8, 1906 (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.) as such boundary existed on January 20, 2001, except where such activities are allowed under the Presidential proclamation establishing such monument. 
no funds appropriated in this Act for the acquisition of lands or interests in lands may be expended for the filing of declarations of taking or complaints in condemnation without the approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided , 
That this provision shall not apply to funds appropriated to implement the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989, or to funds appropriated for Federal assistance to the State of Florida to acquire lands for Everglades restoration purposes. 
10 shall be advertised if the indicated rate is deficit (defined as the value of the timber is not sufficient to cover all logging and stumpage costs and provide a normal profit and risk allowance under the Forest Service’s appraisal process) when appraised using a residual value appraisal. The western red cedar timber from those sales which is surplus to the needs of the domestic processors in Alaska, shall be made available to domestic processors in the contiguous 48 United States at prevailing domestic prices. All additional western red cedar volume not sold to Alaska or contiguous 48 United States domestic processors may be exported to foreign markets at the election of the timber sale holder. All Alaska yellow cedar may be sold at prevailing export prices at the election of the timber sale holder. 
otherwise made available by this Act to executive branch agencies may be used to enter into any Federal contract unless such contract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of Chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, or Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless— 
contract to be entered into without regard for these requirements, including formula grants for States, or federally recognized Indian tribes; or 
website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. 
grant to an individual if such grant is awarded to such individual for a literature fellowship, National Heritage Fellowship, or American Jazz Masters Fellowship. 
carry out section 5 of the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965— 
category for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that are of national impact or availability or are able to tour several States; 
of grants to improve and support communitybased music performance and education. 
the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Indian Health Service shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of appropriations including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds in each program and activity. 
date on which the President’s fiscal year 2017 budget request is submitted to the Congress, the President shall submit a comprehensive report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate describing in detail all Federal agency funding, domestic and international, for climate change programs, projects, and activities in fiscal years 2015 and 2016, including an accounting of funding by agency with each agency identifying climate change programs, projects, and activities and associated costs by line item as presented in the President’s Budget Appendix, and including citations and linkages where practicable to each strategic plan that is driving funding within each climate change program, project, and activity listed in the report. 
by this or any other Act may be used to regulate the lead content of ammunition, ammunition components, or fishing tackle under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) or any other law. 
Law 112–74 is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017,’’. 
Bay Initiative Act of 1998 (Public Law 105– 312; 16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
available by a State water pollution control revolving fund as authorized by section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of a public water system or treatment works unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. 
steel’’ products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or unlined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. 
case or category of cases in which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) finds that— 
in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a satisfactory quality; or 
for a waiver under this section, the Administrator shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Administrator shall make the request and accompanying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Internet Web 
means a discharge as defined in section 502 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362). 
work with affected States having publicly owned treatment works that discharge to the Great Lakes to create public notice requirements for a combined sewer overflow discharge to the Great Lakes. 
(ii) the volume of the discharge; and (iii) a description of any public access 
combined sewer overflow discharge to the Great Lakes consistent with section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) or an administrative order or consent decree under such Act; and 
list each treatment works from which the Administrator or the affected State receive a followup notice. 
in the Agency a Great Lakes Restoration Initiative (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘Initiative’) to carry out programs and projects for Great Lakes protection and restoration. 
prioritize programs and projects carried out in coordination with nonFederal partners and programs and projects that address priority areas each fiscal year, including— 
nearshore health and the prevention and mitigation of nonpoint source pollution; 
Agency shall collaborate with Federal partners, including the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force, to select the best combination of programs and projects for Great Lakes protection and restoration using appropriate principles and criteria, including whether a program or project provides— 
measurable environmental outcomes that implement the Great Lakes Action Plan and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement; 
with States, Indian tribes, municipalities, institutions of higher education, and other organizations. 
made available for the Initiative each fiscal year, the Administrator may— 
to carry out the Initiative may be used for any water infrastructure activity (other than a green infrastructure project that improves habitat and other ecosystem functions in the Great Lakes) for which amounts are made available from— 
fund established under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12). 
the Great Lakes activities of that department or agency without regard to funding under the Initiative; and 
appropriated to carry out this paragraph for fiscal year 2016, $300,000,000.’’. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Innovation and Opportunity Act (referred to in this Act as ‘‘WIOA’’), the Second Chance Act of 2007, the National Apprenticeship Act, and the Women in Apprenticeship and Nontraditional Occupations Act of 1992 (‘‘WANTO Act’’), $3,335,425,000, plus reimbursements, shall be available. Of the amounts provided: 
training activities, of which $103,556,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2016 through June 30, 2017, and of which $712,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2016 through June 30, 2017; 
shall be available for the period April 1, 2016 through June 30, 2017; and 
of the WIOA, the amount available to the Governor for statewide workforce investment activities shall not exceed 15 percent of the amount allotted to the State from each of the appropriations under the preceding 
assistance national reserve, of which $20,859,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2016 through September 30, 2017, and of which $200,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2017: Provided , That funds provided to carry 
dislocated; coordinate the State workforce development plan with emerging economic development needs; and train such eligible dislocated workers: Provided further , That 
under this subparagraph, $19,000,000 shall be made available for applications submitted in accordance with section 170 of the WIOA for training and employment assistance for workers dislocated from coal mines and coal fired power plants; 
farmworker programs under section 167 of the WIOA, including $75,885,000 for formula grants (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for employment and training services), $5,517,000 for migrant and seasonal housing (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for permanent housing), and $494,000 for other discretionary purposes, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2016 through June 30, 2017: Provided , That notwithstanding any other provision of law or related regulation, the Department of Labor shall take no action limiting the number or proportion of eligible participants receiving related assistance services or discouraging grantees from providing such services; 
Act, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2016 through June 30, 2017; 
described in section 171 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2016 through June 30, 2017; 
under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA and section 212 of the Second Chance Act of 2007, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2016 through June 30, 2017: Provided , That of this amount, $20,000,000 
shall be for competitive grants to national and regional intermediaries for activities that prepare young exoffenders and school dropouts for employment, with a priority for projects serving highcrime, highpoverty 
To carry out subtitle C of title I of the 
WIOA, including Federal administrative expenses, the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, the construction, alteration, and repairs of buildings and other facilities, and the purchase of real property for training centers as authorized by the WIOA, $1,689,155,000, plus reimbursements, as follows: 
which shall be available for the period July 1, 2016 through June 30, 2017; 
That the Secretary may transfer up to 15 percent of such funds to meet the operational needs of such centers or to achieve administrative efficiencies: Provided further , 
That any funds transferred pursuant to the preceding proviso shall not be available for obligation after June 30, 2017: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations 
of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer; and 
Corps, which shall be available for obligation for the period October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016: 
Provided , That no funds from any other appropriation shall be used to provide meal services at or for Job Corps centers. 
$89,066,000, together with not to exceed $3,480,812,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund (‘‘the Trust Fund’’), of which: 
national activities necessary to support the administration of the FederalState unemployment insurance system; 
national activities of the Employment Service, including administration of the work opportunity tax credit under section 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the provision of technical assistance and staff training under the WagnerPeyser Act; 
the administration of foreign labor certifications and related activities under the Immigration and Nationality Act and related 
for the Federal administration of such activities, and $14,282,000 shall be available for grants to States for the administration of such activities; and 
provide workforce information, national electronic tools, and onestop system building under the WagnerPeyser Act and shall be available for Federal obligation for the period July 1, 2016 through June 30, 2017: 
Provided , That to the extent that the Average Weekly Insured Unemployment (‘‘AWIU’’) for fiscal year 2016 is projected by the Department of Labor to exceed 2,680,000, an additional $28,600,000 from the Trust Fund shall be available for obligation for every 100,000 increase in the AWIU level (including a pro rata amount for any increment less than 100,000) to carry out title III of the Social Security Act: Provided further , That 
funds appropriated in this Act that are allotted to a State to carry out activities under title III of the Social Security Act may be used by such State to assist other States in carrying out activities under such title III if the other States include areas that have suffered a major disaster declared by the President under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act: Provided further , That the Secretary may use 
appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States to the entity operating the State Information Data Exchange System: Provided further , That funds appropriated in this Act which are used to establish a national onestop career center system, or which are used to support the national activities of the FederalState unemployment insurance, employment service, or immigration programs, may be obligated in contracts, grants, or agreements with States and nonState entities: Provided further , That 
States awarded competitive grants for improved operations under title III of the Social Security Act, or awarded grants to support the national activities of the Federal State unemployment insurance system, may award subgrants to other States under such grants, subject to the conditions applicable to the grants: Provided further , That funds 
appropriated under this Act for activities authorized under title III of the Social Security Act and the WagnerPeyser Act may be used by States to fund integrated Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service automation efforts, notwithstanding cost allocation 
principles prescribed under the Office of Management and Budget Circular A–87: Provided further, That the Secretary, at the request of a State participating in a consortium with other States, may reallot funds allotted to such State under title III of the Social Security Act to other States participating in the consortium in order to carry out activities that benefit the administration of the unemployment compensation law of the State making the request: Provided 
for the costs associated with additional data collection, analyses, and reporting services relating to the National Agricultural Workers Survey requested by State and local governments, public and private institutions of higher education, and nonprofit organizations and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a, for the National Agricultural Workers Survey infrastructure, methodology, and data to meet the information collection and reporting needs of such entities, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until September 30, 2017, for such purposes. 
In addition, $20,000,000 from the Employment Security Administration Account of the Unemployment Trust Fund shall be available for inperson reemployment and eligibility assessments and unemployment insurance improper payment reviews and to provide reemployment services and referrals to training as appropriate, which shall be available for Federal obligations through December 31, 2016, and for State obligation through September 30, 2018. 
and training programs, $104,577,000, together with not to exceed $49,982,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. 
(‘‘Corporation’’) is authorized to make such expenditures, including financial assistance authorized by subtitle E of title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, within limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by 31 U.S.C. 9104, as may be necessary in carrying out the program, including associated administrative expenses, through September 30, 2016, for the Corporation: Provided , That 
none of the funds available to the Corporation for fiscal year 2016 shall be available for obligations for administrative expenses in excess of $431,799,000: Provided further , That 
to the extent that the number of new plan participants in plans terminated by the Corporation exceeds 100,000 in fiscal year 2016, an amount not to exceed an additional $9,200,000 shall be available through September 30, 2017, for obligation for administrative expenses for every 20,000 additional terminated participants: Provided further , 
That obligations in excess of the amounts provided in this paragraph may be incurred for unforeseen and extraordinary pretermination expenses or extraordinary multiemployer program related expenses after approval by the Office of Management and Budget and notification of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
Hour Division, including reimbursement to State, Federal, and local agencies and their 
amounts appropriated may be used under 5 U.S.C. 8104 by the Secretary to reimburse an employer, who is not the employer at the time of injury, for portions of the salary of a reemployed, disabled beneficiary: Provided 
further , That balances of reimbursements unobligated on September 30, 2015, shall remain available until expended for the payment of compensation, benefits, and expenses: Provided further , That in addition there shall be 
transferred to this account from the fair share entities to pay the cost of administration of the Federal Employees’ Compensation Act, $62,170,000 shall be made available to the Secretary as follows: 
automated data processing systems operations and telecommunications systems, $21,140,000; 
Provided further , That the Secretary may require that any person filing a notice of injury or a claim for benefits under 5 U.S.C. 81, or the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act, provide as part of such notice and claim, such identifying information (including Social Security account number) as such regulations may prescribe. 
Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended by Public Law 107–275, $69,302,000, to remain available until expended. 
For making after July 31 of the current fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title IV of such Act, for costs incurred in the current fiscal year, such amounts as may be necessary. 
IV for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, $19,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES , ENERGY EMPLOY EES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS COMPENSATION  
Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $58,552,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That the Secretary may require that any person filing a claim for benefits under the Act provide as part of such claim such identifying information (including Social Security account number) as may be prescribed. 
such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a, to administer national and international laboratory recognition programs that ensure the safety of equipment and products used by workers in the workplace: Provided further , That none of the 
funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to prescribe, 
issue, administer, or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act which is applicable to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further , 
That no funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to administer or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act with respect to any employer of 10 or fewer employees who is included within a category having a Days Away, Restricted, or Transferred (‘‘DART’’) occupational injury and illness rate, at the most precise industrial classification code for which such data are published, less than the national average rate as such rates are most recently published by the Secretary, acting through the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in accordance with section 24 of the Act, except— 
consultation, technical assistance, educational and training services, and to conduct surveys and studies; 
Act with respect to a report of an employment accident which is fatal to one or more employees or which results in hospitalization of two or more employees, and to take any action pursuant to such investigation authorized by the Act; and 
Act with respect to complaints of discrimination against employees for exercising rights under the Act: 
shall not apply to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further , That 
$10,537,000 shall be available for Susan Harwood training grants. 
and Health Administration, $375,887,000, including purchase and bestowal of certificates and trophies in connection with mine rescue and firstaid work, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, including up to $2,000,000 for mine rescue and recovery activities and not less than $8,441,000 for State assistance grants: Provided , That notwithstanding 31 
U.S.C. 3302, not to exceed $750,000 may be collected by the National Mine Health and Safety Academy for room, board, tuition, and the sale of training materials, otherwise authorized by law to be collected, to be available for mine safety and health education and training activities: Provided further , That 
notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to collect and retain up to $2,499,000 from fees collected for the approval and certification of equipment, materials, and explosives for use in mines, and may utilize such sums for such activities: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to accept lands, buildings, equipment, and other contributions from public and private sources and to prosecute projects in cooperation with other agencies, Federal, State, or private: Provided further , That the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to promote health and safety education and training in the mining community through cooperative programs with States, industry, and safety associations: Provided further , 
That the Secretary is authorized to recognize the Joseph A. Holmes Safety Association as a principal safety association and, notwithstanding any other provision of law, may provide funds and, with or without reimbursement, personnel, including service of Mine Safety and Health Administration officials as officers in local chapters or in the national organization: Provided further , That 
any funds available to the Department of Labor may be used, with the approval of the Secretary, to provide for the costs of mine rescue and survival operations in the event of a major disaster. 
Labor Statistics, including advances or reimbursements to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for services rendered, $544,000,000, together with not to exceed $65,000,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. 
Disability Employment Policy to provide leadership, develop policy and initiatives, and award grants furthering the objective of eliminating barriers to the training and employment of people with disabilities, $38,203,000. 
Management, including the hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $334,065,000, together with not to exceed $308,000, which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund: Provided , That $59,825,000 for the 
Bureau of International Labor Affairs shall be available for obligation through December 31, 2016: Provided further , That funds 
available to the Bureau of International Labor Affairs may be used to administer or operate international labor activities, bilateral and multilateral technical assistance, and microfinance programs, by or through contracts, grants, subgrants and other arrangements: Provided further , That not more 
than $53,825,000 shall be for programs to combat exploitative child labor internationally and not less than $6,000,000 shall be used to implement model programs that address worker rights issues through technical assistance in countries with which the United States has free trade agreements or trade preference programs: Provided further , That 
$8,040,000 shall be used for program evaluation and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2017: Provided further , 
That funds available for program evaluation may be used to administer grants for the purpose of evaluation: Provided further , That 
grants made for the purpose of evaluation shall be awarded through fair and open competition: Provided further , That funds available for program evaluation may be transferred to any other appropriate account in 
further , That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer: Provided further , That 
the funds available to the Women’s Bureau may be used for grants to serve and promote the interests of women in the workforce. 
from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund to carry out the provisions of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code, of which: 
funds may be used to support such specialists and representatives in the provision of services to transitioning members of the Armed Forces who have participated in the Transition Assistance Program and have been identified as in need of intensive services, to members of the Armed Forces who are wounded, ill, or injured and receiving treatment in military treatment facilities or warrior transition units, and to the spouses or other family caregivers of such wounded, ill, or injured members; 
of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code; and 
Employment and Training Services Institute under 38 U.S.C. 4109: 
Labor centralized infrastructure technology investment activities related to support systems and modernization, $29,778,000. 
Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $80,640,000, together with not to exceed $5,660,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. GENERAL PROVISIONS  
this Act for the Job Corps shall be used to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or any proration as an indirect cost, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. 
the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 
Order 13126, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended for the procurement of goods mined, produced, manufactured, or harvested or services rendered, in whole or in part, by forced or indentured child labor in industries and host countries already identified by the United States Department of Labor prior to enactment of this Act. 
the funding limitation under this section shall not apply to funding provided pursuant to solicitations for grant applications issued before January 15, 2014. 
by this Act under the heading ‘‘Employment and Training Administration’’ shall be used by a recipient or subrecipient of such funds to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or indirect costs, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. This limitation shall not apply to vendors providing goods and services as defined in Office of Management and Budget Circular A– 133. Where States are recipients of such funds, States may establish a lower limit for salaries and bonuses of those receiving salaries and bonuses from subrecipients of such funds, taking into account factors including the relative costofliving in the State, the compensation levels for comparable State or local government employees, and the size of the organizations that administer Federal programs involved including Employment and Training Administration programs. 
Secretary may transfer funds made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act, either directly or 
services to grantees to ‘‘Program Administration’’ when it is determined that those services will be more efficiently performed by Federal employees: Provided , That this 
section shall not apply to section 171 of the WIOA. 
shall only be available if the Chief Evaluation Officer of the Department of Labor submits a plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate describing the evaluations to be carried out 15 days in advance of any transfer. 
Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 207) shall be applied as if the following text is part of such section: 
not apply for a period of 2 years after the occurrence of a major disaster to any employee— 
resulting from or relating to such major disaster, by an employer not engaged, directly or through an affiliate, in underwriting, selling, or marketing property, casualty, or liability insurance policies or contracts; 
‘‘(ii) inspecting property damage or reviewing factual information to prepare damage estimates; 
‘‘(iii) evaluating and making recommendations regarding coverage or compensability of claims or determining liability or value aspects of claims; 
disaster or catastrophe declared or designated by any State or Federal agency or department; 
that, by reason of ownership or control of 25 percent or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities of one or more companies, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another company.’’. 
by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the Establishing a Minimum Wage for Contractors regulation published by the Department of Labor in the Federal Register on October 7, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 60634 et seq.), with respect to Federal contracts, permits, or other contractlike instruments entered into with the Federal Government in connection with Federal property or lands, specifically related to offering seasonal recreational services or seasonal recreation equipment rental for the general public: Provided , That this section 
shall not apply to lodging and food services associated with seasonal recreation services. 
THECROSSING OF H–2B N ONIMMIGRANTS WORKING IN THE SEAFOOD INDUSTRY .— 
if a petition for H–2B nonimmigrants filed by an employer in the seafood industry is granted, the employer may bring the nonimmigrants described in the petition into the United States at any time during the 120 day period beginning on the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants without filing another petition. 
90TH DAY .—An employer in the seafood industry may not bring H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States after the date that is 90 days after the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants unless the employer— 
(ii) posting the job opportunity on the appropriate Department of Labor Electronic Job Registry and at the employer’s place of employment; and 
(ii) will be available at the time and place 
be used to implement 20 CFR 655.70 and 20 CFR 655.71. 
For carrying out titles II and III of the 
Public Health Service Act (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘PHS Act’’) with respect to primary health care and the Native Hawaiian Health Care Act of 1988, $1,491,522,000 (in addition to the $3,600,000,000 previously appropriated to the Community Health Center Fund for fiscal year 2016): Provided , That no 
available until expended for carrying out the provisions of Public Law 104–73 and for expenses incurred by the Department of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as ‘‘HHS’’) pertaining to administrative claims made under such law: Provided further, That of funds provided for the Health 
Centers program, as defined by section 330 of the PHS Act, by this Act or any other Act for fiscal year 2016, not less than $200,000,000 shall be obligated in fiscal year 2016 to support new access points, grants to expand medical services, behavioral health, oral health, pharmacy, or vision services, and not less than $150,000,000 shall be obligated in fiscal year 2016 for construction and capital improvement costs: Provided further , That the 
For carrying out titles III, VII, and VIII of 
the PHS Act with respect to the health workforce, section 1128E of the Social Security Act, and the Health Care Quality Improvement Act of 1986, $786,895,000: Provided , 
be available for section 340G–1 of the PHS Act: Provided further , That fees collected for 
account to carry out section 846 and subpart 3 of part D of title III of the PHS Act may be used to make prior year adjustments to awards made under such sections. 
XIX of the PHS Act with respect to maternal and child health, title V of the Social Security Act, and section 712 of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, $845,117,000: Provided , That notwithstanding sections 
For carrying out titles III and XII of the 
PHS Act with respect to health care systems, and the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, $103,193,000, of which $122,000 shall be available until expended for facilities renovations at the Gillis W. Long Hansen’s Disease Center. 
For carrying out titles III and IV of the 
of the PHS Act to provide for voluntary family planning projects, $286,479,000: Provided, 
That amounts provided to said projects under such title shall not be expended for abortions, that all pregnancy counseling shall be nondirective, and that such amounts shall not be expended for any activity (including the publication or distribution of literature) that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legislative proposal or candidate for public office. 
For program support in the Health Resources and Services Administration, $154,000,000: Provided , That funds made available under this heading may be used to supplement program support funding provided under the headings ‘‘Primary Health Care’’, ‘‘Health Workforce’’, ‘‘Maternal and Child Health’’, ‘‘Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program’’, ‘‘Health Care Systems’’, and ‘‘Rural Health’’. 
Compensation Program Trust Fund (the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), such sums as may be necessary for claims associated with vaccinerelated injury or death with respect to vaccines administered after September 30, 1988, pursuant to subtitle 2 of title XXI of the PHS Act, to remain available until expended: Provided , That for necessary administrative expenses, not to exceed $7,500,000 shall be available from the Trust Fund to the Secretary. 
XXI, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act, with respect to immunization and respiratory diseases, $459,055,000. 
HIV/AIDS, VIRAL HEPATITIS , SEXUALLY TRANS MITTED DISEASES , AND TUBERCULOSIS PRE VENTION  
XXIII of the PHS Act with respect to HIV/ AIDS, viral hepatitis, sexually transmitted diseases, and tuberculosis prevention, $1,122,278,000. 
and section 2821 of the PHS Act, titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act, with respect to emerging and zoonotic infectious diseases, $527,885,000. 
XVII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to chronic disease prevention and health promotion, $838,146,000: Provided , That funds appropriated under this account may be available for making grants under section 1509 of the PHS Act for not less than 21 States, tribes, or tribal organizations: Provided further, That of the funds available under this 
For carrying out titles II, III, XI, and XVII 
of the PHS Act with respect to birth defects, developmental disabilities, disabilities and health, $135,610,000. 
For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of 
the PHS Act with respect to health statistics, surveillance, health informatics, and workforce development, $491,597,000. 
For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of 
the PHS Act with respect to environmental health, $165,303,000. 
For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of 
the PHS Act with respect to injury prevention and control, $236,059,000: Provided , That 
of the funds provided under this heading, $70,000,000 shall be available for an evidence based opioid drug overdose prevention program. 
For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of 
the PHS Act, sections 101, 102, 103, 201, 202, 203, 301, and 501 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act, section 13 of the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act, and sections 20, 21, and 22 of the Occupational Safety and Health Act, with respect to occupational safety and health, $339,121,000. 
Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $55,358,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of 
the PHS Act with respect to global health, $427,121,000, of which $128,421,000 for international HIV/AIDS shall remain available through September 30, 2017: Provided, That 
funds may be used for purchase and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries. 
For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of 
the PHS Act with respect to public health preparedness and response, and for expenses necessary to support activities related to countering potential biological, nuclear, radiological, and chemical threats to civilian populations, $1,405,000,000, of which $575,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the Strategic National Stockpile: Provided , That in the event the Director of 
the CDC activates the Emergency Operations Center, the Director of the CDC may detail CDC staff without reimbursement for up to 90 days to support the work of the CDC Emergency Operations Center, so long as the Director provides a notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 15 days of the use of this authority and a full report within 30 days after use of this authority which includes the number of staff and funding level broken down by the originating center and number of days detailed: Provided 
heading may be used to support a contract for the operation and maintenance of an aircraft in direct support of activities throughout CDC to ensure the agency is prepared to address public health preparedness emergencies. 
For acquisition of real property, equipment, construction, demolition, and renovation of facilities, $10,000,000, which shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That funds previously setaside by 
CDC for repair and upgrade of the Lake Lynn Experimental Mine and Laboratory shall be used to acquire a replacement mine safety research facility: Provided further , That in 
addition, the prior year unobligated balance of any amounts assigned to former employees in accounts of CDC made available for Individual Learning Accounts shall be credited to and merged with the amounts made available under this heading to support the replacement of the mine safety research facility. 
CDC or the Public Health Service, both civilian and commissioned officers, detailed to States, municipalities, or other organizations under authority of section 214 of the PHS Act, or in overseas assignments, shall be treated as nonFederal employees for reporting purposes only and shall not be included within any personnel ceiling applicable to the Agency, Service, or HHS during the period of detail or assignment: Provided 
further , That CDC may use up to $10,000 from 
official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Director of CDC: Provided further , That in addition, such sums as may be derived from authorized user fees, which shall be credited to the appropriation charged with the cost thereof: Provided further , That with respect 
to the previous proviso, authorized user fees from the Vessel Sanitation Program and the Respirator Certification Program shall be available through September 30, 2017. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to cancer, $5,214,701,000, of which up to $16,000,000 may be used for facilities repairs and improvements at the National Cancer Institute— Frederick Federally Funded Research and Development Center in Frederick, Maryland. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to cardiovascular, lung, and blood diseases, and blood and blood products, $3,115,538,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to dental and craniofacial diseases, $415,582,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to diabetes and digestive and kidney disease, $1,818,357,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to neurological disorders and stroke, $1,696,139,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to allergy and infectious diseases, $4,629,928,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to general medical sciences, $2,512,073,000, of which $780,000,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act: Provided , That not less 
than $320,840,000 is provided for the Institutional Development Awards program. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to child health and human development, $1,339,802,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to eye diseases and visual disorders, $715,903,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to environmental health sciences, $693,702,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases, $542,141,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to deafness and other communication disorders, $423,031,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to nursing research, $146,485,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to alcohol abuse and alcoholism, $467,700,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to drug abuse, $1,077,488,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to mental health, $1,548,390,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to human genome research, $518,956,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to biomedical imaging and bioengineering research, $346,795,000. NATIONAL CENTER FOR COMPLEMENTARY AND  
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to complementary and integrative health, $130,789,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to minority health and health disparities research, $279,718,000. 
E. Fogarty International Center (described in subpart 2 of part E of title IV of the PHS Act), $70,447,000. 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to health information communications, $394,664,000: Provided , 
That of the amounts available for improvement of information systems, $4,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017: Provided further , That in fiscal year 2016, the National Library of Medicine may enter into personal services contracts for the provision of services in facilities owned, operated, or constructed under the jurisdiction of the National Institutes of Health (referred to in this title as ‘‘NIH’’). 
For carrying out section 301 and title IV of 
the PHS Act with respect to translational sciences, $685,417,000: Provided , That up to 
$25,835,000 shall be available to implement section 480 of the PHS Act, relating to the Cures Acceleration Network: Provided further, That at least $500,000,000 is provided to 
Office of the Director, NIH, $1,558,600,000, of which up to $30,000,000 may be used to carry out section 215 of this Act: Provided , That 
funding shall be available for the purchase of not to exceed 29 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only: Provided further , That all 
funds credited to the NIH Management Fund shall remain available for one fiscal year after the fiscal year in which they are deposited: Provided further , That $165,000,000 shall 
be for the National Children’s Study Follow on: Provided further , That NIH shall submit a 
shall be for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Director of the NIH: Provided further , 
funds provided to the Common Fund are available to support the transNIH Precision Medicine Initiative: Provided further , That of 
the amount provided to the NIH, the Director of the NIH shall enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences, as part of the studies conducted under section 489 of the PHS Act, to conduct a comprehensive study on policies affecting the next generation of researchers in the United States: Provided further , That, of the funds from Institute, Center, and Office of the Director accounts within ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of 
Health,’’ in order to strengthen privacy protections for human research participants, NIH shall require investigators receiving NIH funding for new and competing research projects designed to generate and analyze large volumes of data derived from human research participants to obtain a certificate of confidentiality. 
For the study of, construction of, renovation of, and acquisition of equipment for, facilities of or used by NIH, including the acquisition of real property, $128,863,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020. 
For carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of 
the PHS Act with respect to mental health, and the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act, $1,133,948,000: Provided , That notwithstanding section 
the amount appropriated under this heading, $46,887,000 shall be for the National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative as described in section 582 of the PHS Act: Provided further , 
funds provided for section 1911 of the PHS Act shall be subject to section 241 of such Act: Provided further , That of the funds made 
available under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be to carry out section 224 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–93; 42 U.S.C. 290aa 22 note). 
For carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of 
subpart II of part B of title XIX of the PHS 
for section 1921 of the PHS Act shall be subject to section 241 of such Act. 
For carrying out titles III and V of the 
PHS Act with respect to substance abuse prevention, $211,219,000. 
For program support and crosscutting activities that supplement activities funded under the headings ‘‘Mental Health’’, ‘‘Substance Abuse Treatment’’, and ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention’’ in carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act and the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, $174,878,000: Provided , That in addition to 
amounts provided herein, $31,428,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to supplement funds available to carry out national surveys on drug abuse and mental health, to collect and analyze program data, and to conduct public awareness and technical assistance activities: Provided further , 
That, in addition, fees may be collected for the costs of publications, data, data tabulations, and data analysis completed under title V of the PHS Act and provided to a public or private entity upon request, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until expended for such purposes: Provided further , That 
under this heading may be used to supplement program support funding provided under the headings ‘‘Mental Health’’, ‘‘Substance Abuse Treatment’’, and ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention’’. 
For carrying out titles III and IX of the 
PHS Act, part A of title XI of the Social Security Act, and section 1013 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, $334,000,000: Provided , 
That in addition, amounts received from Freedom of Information Act fees, reimbursable and interagency agreements, and the sale of data shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles XI and XIX of the Social Security Act, $243,545,410,000, to remain available until expended. 
to States under title XIX or in the case of section 1928 on behalf of States under title XIX of the Social Security Act for the last quarter of fiscal year 2016 for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. 
case of section 1928 on behalf of States under title XIX of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, $115,582,502,000, to remain available until expended. 
made for any quarter with respect to a State plan or plan amendment in effect during such quarter, if submitted in or prior to such quarter and approved in that or any subsequent quarter. 
In addition, for making matching payments under section 1844 and benefit payments under section 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act that were not anticipated in budget estimates, such sums as may be necessary. 
support the full cost of the Senior Medicare Patrol program to combat health care fraud and abuse from the funds provided to this account. 
For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, $2,944,906,000, to remain available until expended; and for such purposes for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, $1,300,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
For carrying out, after May 31 of the current fiscal year, except as otherwise provided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. 
For necessary expenses for refugee and entrant assistance activities authorized by section 414 of the Immigration and Nationality Act and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980, and for carrying out section 462 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008, the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (‘‘TVPA’’), section 203 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005, and the Torture Victims Relief Act of 1998, $1,674,691,000, of which $1,645,201,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2018 for carrying out such sections 414, 501, 462, and 235: Provided , 
That amounts available under this heading to carry out such section 203 and the TVPA shall also be available for research and evaluation with respect to activities under those authorities: Provided further , That the limitation in section 205 of this Act regarding transfers increasing any appropriation shall apply to transfers to appropriations under this heading by substituting ‘‘10 percent’’ for ‘‘3 percent’’. 
For carrying out the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014 (‘‘CCDBG Act’’), $2,761,000,000 shall be used to supplement, not supplant State general revenue funds for child care assistance for lowincome families: Provided , That, in addition to 
the amounts required to be reserved by the States under section 658G of the CCDBG Act, $127,206,000 shall be for activities that improve the quality of infant and toddler care: Provided further , That technical assistance 
section 2002 of the Social Security Act, $1,700,000,000: Provided , That notwithstanding 
making payments under the Head Start Act: Provided further , That of the amount in the 
section 640, of the amount in the second preceding proviso, $294,000,000 (of which up to one percent may be reserved for research and evaluation) shall be available through December 31, 2016 for award by the Secretary to grantees that apply for supplemental funding to increase their hours of program operations and for training and technical assistance for such activities: Provided further , 
That of the amount provided for making payments under the Head Start Act, 
be for making payments under the CSBG Act: Provided further , That $36,733,000 shall be 
Community Services Block Grant funds are distributed as grant funds by a State to an eligible entity as provided under the CSBG Act, and have not been expended by such entity, they shall remain with such entity for carryover into the next fiscal year for expenditure by such entity consistent with program purposes: Provided further , That the 
further , That intangible assets in the form of 
loans, equity investments and other debt instruments, and program income may be used 
shall apply to such grant funds made available after November 29, 1999: Provided further , 
available to such entities for 5 years: Provided further , That $1,864,000 shall be for a 
human services case management system for federally declared disasters, to include a comprehensive national case management contract and Federal costs of administering the system: Provided further , That up to 
$2,000,000 shall be for improving the Public Assistance Reporting Information System, including grants to States to support data collection for a study of the system’s effectiveness. 
For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 436 of the Social Security Act, $345,000,000 and, for carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 437 of such Act, $59,765,000. 
For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, $5,298,000,000. 
For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, $2,300,000,000. 
For carrying out, after May 31 of the current fiscal year, except as otherwise provided, section 474 of title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. 
For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Older Americans Act of 1965 (‘‘OAA’’), titles III and XXIX of the PHS Act, sections 1252 and 1253 of the PHS Act, section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, title XX– B of the Social Security Act, the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act, parts 2 and 5 of subtitle D of title II of the Help America Vote Act of 2002, the Assistive Technology Act of 1998, titles II and VII (and section 14 with respect to such titles) of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 , and for Departmentwide coordination of policy and program activities that assist individuals with disabilities, $1,912,735,000, together with $52,115,000 to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund to carry out section 4360 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990: Provided , That amounts appropriated 
under this heading may be used for grants to States under section 361 of the OAA only for disease prevention and health promotion programs and activities which have been demonstrated through rigorous evaluation to be evidencebased and effective: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, funds made available under this heading to carry out section 311 of the OAA may be transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture in accordance with such section: Provided further , That $2,000,000 shall be for 
competitive grants to support alternative financing programs that provide for the purchase of assistive technology devices, such as a lowinterest loan fund; an interest buy down program; a revolving loan fund; a loan guarantee; or an insurance program: Provided 
further , That applicants shall provide an assurance that, and information describing the manner in which, the alternative financing program will expand and emphasize consumer choice and control: Provided further , 
That State agencies and communitybased disability organizations that are directed by and operated for individuals with disabilities shall be eligible to compete: Provided further , 
amounts previously made available for the Health Resources and Services Administration to carry out functions under sections 1252 and 1253 of the PHS Act shall be transferred to this account, except for such sums as may be necessary to provide for an orderly transition of such functions to the Administration for Community Living: Provided further , That none of the funds made 
limitations in the immediately preceding proviso shall not apply in the case of an individual who is neither competent to consent nor has a legal guardian, nor shall the proviso apply in the case of individuals who are a ward of the State or subject to public guardianship. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided, for general departmental management, including hire of six passenger motor vehicles, and for carrying out titles III, XVII, XXI, and section 229 of the PHS Act, the United StatesMexico Border Health Commission Act, and research studies under section 1110 of the Social Security Act, $456,009,000, together with $64,828,000 from the amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out national health or human services research and evaluation activities: Provided , That of this amount, 
$53,900,000 shall be for minority AIDS prevention and treatment activities: Provided further, That of the funds made available under 
this heading, $101,000,000 shall be for making competitive contracts and grants to public and private entities to fund medically accurate and age appropriate programs that reduce teen pregnancy and for the Federal costs associated with administering and evaluating such contracts and grants, of which not more than 10 percent of the available funds shall be for training and technical assistance, evaluation, outreach, and additional program support activities, and of the remaining amount 75 percent shall be for replicating programs that have been proven effective through rigorous evaluation to reduce teenage pregnancy, behavioral risk factors underlying teenage pregnancy, or other associated risk factors, and 25 percent shall be available for research and demonstration grants to develop, replicate, refine, and test additional models and innovative strategies for preventing teenage pregnancy: Provided 
this heading from amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act, $6,800,000 shall be 
available to carry out evaluations (including longitudinal evaluations) of teenage pregnancy prevention approaches: Provided further, That of the funds made available under 
this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for making competitive grants which exclusively implement education in sexual risk avoidance (defined as voluntarily refraining from non marital sexual activity): Provided further , 
That funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall use medically accurate information referenced to peerreviewed publications by educational, scientific, governmental, or health organizations; implement an evidencebased approach integrating research findings with practical implementation that aligns with the needs and desired outcomes for the intended audience; and teach the benefits associated with selfregulation, success sequencing for poverty prevention, healthy relationships, goal setting, and resisting sexual coercion, dating violence, and other youth risk behaviors such as underage drinking or illicit drug use without normalizing teen sexual activity: Provided further , That no more than 10 percent of the funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall be available for technical assistance and administrative costs of such programs: Provided 
further , That funds provided in this Act for 
embryo adoption activities may be used to provide to individuals adopting embryos, through grants and other mechanisms, medical and administrative services deemed necessary for such adoptions: Provided further , 
Medicare Hearings and Appeals, $107,381,000, to be transferred in appropriate part from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. 
National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, including grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements for the development and advancement of interoperable health information technology, $60,367,000. 
For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles for investigations, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $75,000,000: Provided, 
That of such amount, necessary sums shall be available for providing protective services to the Secretary and investigating nonpayment of child support cases for which non payment is a Federal offense under 18 U.S.C. 228. 
Public Health Service Commissioned Officers as authorized by law, for payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protection Plan and Survivor Benefit Plan, and for medical care of dependents and retired personnel under the Dependents’ Medical Care Act, such amounts as may be required during the current fiscal year. 
For expenses necessary to support activities related to countering potential biological, nuclear, radiological, chemical, and cybersecurity threats to civilian populations, 
and for other public health emergencies, $950,958,000, of which $511,700,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2017, for expenses necessary to support advanced research and development pursuant to section 319L of the PHS Act and other administrative expenses of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority: Provided , That funds provided under this heading for the purpose of acquisition of security countermeasures shall be in addition to any other funds available for such purpose: Provided further , That products purchased with 
funds provided under this heading may, at the discretion of the Secretary, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile pursuant to section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided 
available to support emergency operations shall remain available through September 30, 2018. 
shall be available for not to exceed $50,000 for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Secretary. 
this title shall be used to pay the salary of an individual, through a grant or other extramural mechanism, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. 
this Act may be expended pursuant to section 241 of the PHS Act, except for funds specifically provided for in this Act, or for other taps and assessments made by any office located in HHS, prior to the preparation and submission of a report by the Secretary to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the planned uses of such funds. 
the PHS Act, such portion as the Secretary shall determine, but not more than 2.5 percent, of any amounts appropriated for programs authorized under such Act shall be made available for the evaluation (directly, or by grants or contracts) and the implementation and effectiveness of programs funded in this title. 
such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided , That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further , That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 
this Act may be made available to any entity under title X of the PHS Act unless the applicant for the award certifies to the Secretary that it encourages family participation in the decision of minors to seek family planning services and that it provides counseling to minors on how to resist attempts to 
this Act (including funds appropriated to any trust fund) may be used to carry out the Medicare Advantage program if the Secretary denies participation in such program to an otherwise eligible entity (including a Provider Sponsored Organization) because the entity informs the Secretary that it will not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or provide referrals for abortions: Provided , 
That the Secretary shall make appropriate prospective adjustments to the capitation payment to such an entity (based on an actuarially sound estimate of the expected costs of providing the service to such entity’s enrollees): Provided further , That nothing in 
this section shall be construed to change the Medicare program’s coverage for such services and a Medicare Advantage organization described in this section shall be responsible for informing enrollees where to obtain information about all Medicare covered services. 
in this title may be used, in whole or in part, to advocate or promote gun control. 
international health activities, including HIV/AIDS and other infectious disease, chronic and environmental disease, and other health activities abroad during fiscal year 2016: 
such funds by advance or reimbursement to the Secretary of State as may be necessary to pay the costs of acquisition, lease, alteration, renovation, and management of facilities outside of the United States for the use of HHS. The Department of State shall cooperate fully with the Secretary to ensure that HHS has secure, safe, functional facilities that comply with applicable regulation governing location, setback, and other facilities requirements and serve the purposes established by this Act. The Secretary is authorized, in consultation with the Secretary of State, through grant or cooperative agreement, to make available to public or nonprofit private institutions or agencies in participating foreign countries, funds to acquire, lease, alter, or renovate facilities in those countries as necessary to conduct programs of assistance for international health activities, including activities relating to HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases, chronic and environmental diseases, and other health activities abroad. 
to personnel appointed or assigned by the Secretary to serve abroad, allowances and benefits similar to those provided under chapter 9 of title I of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, and 22 U.S.C. 4081 through 4086 and subject to such regulations prescribed by the Secretary. The Secretary is further authorized to provide localitybased comparability payments (stated as a percentage) up to the amount of the localitybased comparability payment (stated as a percentage) that would be payable to such personnel under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code if such personnel’s official duty station were in the District of Columbia. Leaves of absence for personnel under this subsection shall be on the same basis as that provided under subchapter I of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, or section 903 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, to individuals serving in the Foreign Service. 
with the Director of the Office of AIDS Research, may transfer up to 3 percent among institutes and centers from the total amounts identified by these two Directors as funding for research pertaining to the human immunodeficiency virus: Provided , That the 
Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 
appropriated by this Act to the institutes and centers of the National Institutes of Health may be used for alteration, repair, or improvement of facilities, as necessary for the proper and efficient conduct of the activities authorized herein, at not to exceed $3,500,000 per project. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
for NIH, 1 percent of the amount made available for National Research Service Awards (‘‘NRSA’’) shall be made available to the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration to make NRSA awards for research in primary medical care to individuals affiliated with entities who have received grants or contracts under sections 736, 739, or 747 of the PHS Act, and 1 percent of the amount made available for NRSA shall be made available to the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to make NRSA awards for health service research. 
the first fiscal year in which the contract is in effect; and 
year contract will serve the best interests of the Federal Government by encouraging full and open competition or promoting economy in administration, performance, and operation of BARDA’s programs. 
a publicly accessible Web site to provide information regarding the uses of funds made available under section 4002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (‘‘ACA’’). 
full text) of each funding opportunity announcement, request for proposals, or other announcement or solicitation of proposals for grants, cooperative agreements, or contracts intended to be awarded using such funds, to be posted not later than the day after the announcement or solicitation is issued. 
this section is directly accessible from the single webpage or database; and 
this section is able to be organized by program or State. 
this Act, the Secretary shall transfer funds appropriated under section 4002 of the ACA to the accounts specified, in the amounts specified, and for the activities specified under the heading ‘‘Prevention and Public Health Fund’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
ACA, the Secretary may not further transfer these amounts. 
the fiscal year 2017 budget justification and on Departmental Web sites information concerning the employment of fulltime equivalent Federal employees or contractors for the purposes of implementing, administering, enforcing, or otherwise carrying out the provisions of the ACA, and the amendments made by that Act, in the proposed fiscal year and each fiscal year since the enactment of the ACA. 
such Act under which such funds were appropriated, a statement indicating the program, project, or activity receiving such funds, the Federal operating division or office that administers such program, and the amount of funding received in discretionary or mandatory appropriations. 
enacted in laws other than the ACA and work on programs that existed prior to the passage of the ACA; 
on activities funded by or newly authorized in the ACA; or 
the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: 
from the Exchanges established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 pertaining to enrollments during the open enrollment period; and 
grant awards, including supplements, authorized under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act. 
the House and Senate must be notified at least 2 business days in advance of any public release of enrollment information or the award of such grants. 
the foregoing purpose, such funds may not be used to support any provision of Public Law 111–148 or Public Law 111–152 (or any amendment made by either such Public Law) or to supplant any other amounts within such account. 
fiscal year 2017 budget justification an analysis of how section 2713 of the PHS Act will impact eligibility for discretionary HHS programs. 
prevention shall be administered by the Secretary involved as if— 
made available to the Bureau of the Census to conduct activities using the Survey of Income and Program Participation to obtain information to enable interested parties to evaluate the impact of the amendments made by title I of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996. 
‘‘(bb) located in a rural area (as defined in 
‘‘(ii) SEVERE WOUND DEFINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘severe wound’ means a stage 3 wound, stage 4 wound, unstageable wound, nonhealing surgical wound, infected wound, fistula, osteomyelitis, or wound with morbid obesity, as identified in the claim from the longterm care hospital.’’. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘ESEA’’) and section 418A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘HEA’’), $16,016,790,000, of which $5,127,006,000 shall become available on July 1, 2016, and shall remain available through September 30, 2017, and of which $10,841,177,000 shall become available on October 1, 2016, and shall remain available through September 30, 2017, for academic year 2016–2017: Provided , That 
$6,459,401,000 shall be for basic grants under section 1124 of the ESEA: Provided further , 
That up to $3,984,000 of these funds shall be available to the Secretary of Education (referred to in this title as ‘‘Secretary’’) on October 1, 2015, to obtain annually updated local educational agencylevel census poverty data from the Bureau of the Census: Provided further , That $1,362,301,000 shall be 
for concentration grants under section 1124A of the ESEA: Provided further , That 
$3,544,050,000 shall be for targeted grants under section 1125 of the ESEA: Provided further, That $3,544,050,000 shall be for education 
finance incentive grants under section 1125A of the ESEA: Provided further , That funds 
improvement grants for fiscal year 2014 and thereafter may be used by a local educational agency to implement a wholeschool reform strategy for a school using an evidencebased strategy that ensures whole school reform is undertaken in partnership with a strategy developer offering a whole school reform program that is based on at least a moderate level of evidence that the 
program will have a statistically significant effect on student outcomes, including at least one welldesigned and wellimplemented experimental or quasiexperimental 
for school improvement grants may be used by a local educational agency to implement an alternative Statedetermined school improvement strategy that has been established by a State educational agency with the approval of the Secretary: Provided further, That a local educational agency that is 
be available under section 1502 of the ESEA for a comprehensive literacy development and education program to advance literacy skills, including preliteracy skills, reading, and writing, for students from birth through grade 12, including limitedEnglishproficient students and students with disabilities, of which onehalf of 1 percent shall be reserved for the Secretary of the Interior for such a program at schools funded by the Bureau of Indian Education, onehalf of 1 percent shall be reserved for grants to the outlying areas for such a program, up to 5 percent may be reserved for national activities, and the remainder shall be used to award competitive grants to State educational agencies for such a program, of which a State educational agency may reserve up to 5 percent for State leadership activities, including technical assistance and training, data collection, reporting, and administration, and shall subgrant not less than 95 percent to local educational agencies or, in the case of early literacy, to local educational agencies or other nonprofit providers of early childhood education that partner with a public or private nonprofit organization or agency with a demonstrated record of effectiveness in improving the early literacy development of children from birth through kindergarten entry and in providing professional development in early literacy, giving priority to such agencies or other entities serving greater numbers or percentages of disadvantaged children: Provided further , 
That the State educational agency shall ensure that at least 15 percent of the subgranted funds are used to serve children from birth through age 5, 40 percent are used to serve students in kindergarten through grade 5, and 40 percent are used to serve students in middle and high school including an equitable distribution of funds between middle and high schools: Provided further , That 
eligible entities receiving subgrants from State educational agencies shall use such funds for services and activities that have the characteristics of effective literacy instruction through professional development, screening and assessment, targeted interventions for students reading below grade level and other researchbased methods of improving classroom instruction and practice: Provided further , That $44,623,000 shall be for carrying out section 418A of the HEA. 
For carrying out programs of financial assistance to federally affected schools authorized by title VIII of the ESEA, $1,305,603,000, 
For carrying out school improvement activities authorized by parts A and B of title II, part B of title IV, parts A and B of title VI, and parts B and C of title VII of the ESEA; the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act; section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002; the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003; and the Civil Rights Act of 1964, $4,433,629,000, of which $2,611,619,000 shall become available on July 1, 2016, and remain available through September 30, 2017, and of which $1,681,441,000 shall become available on October 1, 2016, and shall remain available through September 30, 2017, for academic year 2016–2017: Provided , That funds made 
available to carry out part B of title VII of the ESEA may be used for construction, renovation, and modernization of any elementary school, secondary school, or structure related to an elementary school or secondary school, run by the Department of Education of the State of Hawaii, that serves a predominantly Native Hawaiian student body: Provided further , That funds made available 
to carry out part C of title VII of the ESEA shall be awarded on a competitive basis, and also may be used for construction: Provided 
carry out section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 and the Secretary shall make such arrangements as determined to be necessary to ensure that the Bureau of Indian Education has access to services provided under this section: Provided 
carry out the Supplemental Education Grants program for the Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of the Marshall Islands: Provided further , That the Secretary 
may reserve up to 5 percent of the amount referred to in the previous proviso to provide technical assistance in the implementation of these grants: Provided further , That up to 
4.0 percent of the funds for subpart 1 of part A of title II of the ESEA shall be reserved by the Secretary for competitive awards for teacher or principal recruitment and training or professional enhancement activities, including for civic education instruction, to national notforprofit organizations, of which up to 8 percent may only be used for research, dissemination, evaluation, and technical assistance for competitive awards carried out under this proviso: Provided further, That $152,717,000 shall be to carry out 
part B of title II of the ESEA: Provided further, That none of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used to allow 21st Century Community Learning Centers initiative funding for expanded learning time unless these activities provide enrichment and engaging academic activities for students at least 300 additional program hours before, during, or after the traditional school day and supplements but does not supplant school day requirements. 
extent not otherwise provided, title VII, part A of the ESEA, $143,939,000. 
part G of title I, subpart 5 of part A and parts C and D of title II, parts B, C, and D of title V of the ESEA, and section 14007 of division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, as amended, $1,181,226,000: Provided , That up to $120,000,000 
shall be available through December 31, 2016 for section 14007 of division A of Public Law 111–5, and up to 5 percent of such funds may be used for technical assistance and the evaluation of activities carried out under such section: Provided further , That the education 
facilities clearinghouse established through a competitive process in fiscal year 2013 may collect and disseminate information on effective educational practices and the latest research on the planning, design, financing, construction, improvement, operation, and maintenance of safe, healthy, highperformance public facilities for early learning programs, kindergarten through grade 12, and higher education: Provided further , That 
demonstrate that such performancebased compensation systems are developed with the input of teachers and school leaders in the schools and local educational agencies to be served by the grant: Provided further , That 
recipients of such grants may use such funds to develop or improve systems and tools (which may be developed and used for the entire local educational agency or only for schools served under the grant) that would enhance the quality and success of the compensation system, such as highquality teacher evaluations and tools to measure growth in student achievement: Provided further, That applications for such grants shall 
include a plan to sustain financially the activities conducted and systems developed under the grant once the grant period has expired: Provided further , That up to 5 percent 
of such funds for competitive grants shall be available for technical assistance, training, peer review of applications, program outreach, and evaluation activities: Provided 
further , That $250,000,000 of the funds for part 
D of title V of the ESEA shall be available through December 31, 2016 for carrying out, in accordance with the applicable requirements of part D of title V of the ESEA, a preschool development grants program: Provided further , That the Secretary, jointly with the 
Secretary of HHS, shall make competitive awards to States for activities that build the capacity within the State to develop, enhance, or expand highquality preschool programs, including comprehensive services and family engagement, for preschoolaged children from families at or below 200 percent of the Federal poverty line: Provided further , 
That each State may subgrant a portion of such grant funds to local educational agencies and other early learning providers (including, but not limited to, Head Start programs and licensed child care providers), or consortia thereof, for the implementation of highquality preschool programs for children from families at or below 200 percent of the Federal poverty line: Provided further , That 
subgrantees that are local educational agencies shall form strong partnerships with early learning providers and that subgrantees that are early learning providers shall form strong partnerships with local educational agencies, in order to carry out the requirements of the subgrant: Provided 
further , That up to 3 percent of such funds for 
preschool development grants shall be available for technical assistance, evaluation, and other national activities related to such grants: Provided further , That $10,000,000 of 
funds available under part D of title V of the ESEA shall be for the FullService Community Schools program: Provided further , That 
available for part B of title V of the ESEA may be used for grants that support preschool education in charter schools: Provided 
part A of title IV and subparts 1, 2, and 10 of part D of title V of the ESEA, $244,815,000: Provided , That $75,000,000 shall be available 
for subpart 2 of part A of title IV, of which up to $5,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the Project School Emergency Response to Violence (‘‘Project SERV’’) program to provide educationrelated services to local educational agencies and institutions of higher education in which the learning environment has been disrupted due to a violent or traumatic crisis: Provided 
For carrying out part A of title III of the 
That the Secretary shall use estimates of the American Community Survey child counts for the most recent 3year period available to calculate allocations under such part. 
For carrying out the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) and the Special Olympics Sport and Empowerment Act of 2004, $12,976,858,000, of which $3,456,259,000 shall become available on July 1, 2016, and shall remain available through September 30, 2017, and of which $9,283,383,000 shall become available on October 1, 2016, and shall remain available through September 30, 2017, for academic year 2016–2017: Provided , That 
funds made available for the State Personnel Development Grants program under part D, subpart 1 of IDEA to evaluate program performance under such subpart. 
For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Helen Keller National Center Act, $3,529,605,000, of which $3,391,770,000 shall be for grants for vocational rehabilitation services under title I of the Rehabilitation Act: Provided , That the Secretary may use 
child recipient’s economic status and self sufficiency: Provided further, That States 
may award subgrants for a portion of the funds to other public and private, nonprofit entities: Provided further, That any funds 
made available subsequent to reallotment for innovative activities aimed at improving the outcomes of individuals with disabilities shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For carrying out the Act of March 3, 1879, 
the Deaf under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $70,016,000: Provided, That from the total amount available, 
the Institute may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. 
For the Kendall Demonstration Elementary School, the Model Secondary School for the Deaf, and the partial support of Gallaudet University under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $121,275,000: Provided , That from the total 
amount available, the University may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. 
For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (‘‘AEFLA’’), $1,720,686,000, of which $929,686,000 shall become available on July 1, 2016, and shall remain available through September 30, 2017, and of which $791,000,000 shall become available on October 1, 2016, and shall remain available through September 30, 2017: Provided , That of the amounts made 
available for AEFLA, $13,712,000 shall be for national leadership activities under section 242. 
For carrying out subparts 1, 3, and 10 of 
part A, and part C of title IV of the HEA, $24,198,210,000, which shall remain available through September 30, 2017. 
The maximum Pell Grant for which a student shall be eligible during award year 2016– 2017 shall be $4,860. 
carry out part D of title I, and subparts 1, 3, 9, and 10 of part A, and parts B, C, D, and E of title IV of the HEA, and subpart 1 of part A of title VII of the Public Health Service Act, $1,551,854,000, to remain available through September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
the Secretary shall, no later than March 1, 2016, allocate new student loan borrower accounts to eligible student loan servicers on the basis of their performance compared to all loan servicers utilizing established common metrics, and on the basis of the capacity of each servicer to process new and existing accounts. 
For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, titles II, III, IV, V, VI, and VII of the HEA, the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961, and section 117 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, $1,982,185,000: Provided, 
of the funds referred to in the preceding proviso up to 1 percent may be used for program evaluation, national outreach, and information dissemination activities: Provided further, That up to 1.5 percent of the funds made 
available under chapter 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the HEA may be used for evaluation. 
$221,821,000, of which not less than $3,405,000 shall be for a matching endowment grant 
pursuant to the Howard University Endowment Act and shall remain available until expended. 
carry out activities related to existing facility loans pursuant to section 121 of the HEA, $435,000. 
HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGE AND UNIVER SITY CAPITAL FINANCING PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
$20,150,000, as authorized pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, which shall remain available through September 30, 2017: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of 
modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are 
available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $302,099,000: Provided further, That 
carry out the Historically Black College and University Capital Financing Program entered into pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, $334,000. 
the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002, the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act, section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and section 664 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, $618,015,000, which shall remain available through September 30, 2017: Provided , That funds available to carry out section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act may be used to link Statewide elementary and secondary data systems with early childhood, postsecondary, and workforce data systems, or to further develop such systems: Provided 
further , That up to $6,000,000 of the funds 
available to carry out section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act may be used for awards to public or private organizations or agencies to support activities to improve data coordination, quality, and use at the local, State, and national levels: Provided further , That $157,235,000 shall be for 
carrying out activities authorized by the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act. 
For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Department of Education Organization Act, including rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $432,000,000, of which up to $1,000,000, to remain available until expended, may be for relocation of, and renovation of buildings occupied by, Department staff. 
Civil Rights, as authorized by section 203 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $107,000,000. 
For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General, as authorized by section 212 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $59,256,000. 
may be used for the transportation of students or teachers (or for the purchase of 
to overcome racial imbalance in any school or school system, or for the transportation of students or teachers (or for the purchase of equipment for such transportation) in order to carry out a plan of racial desegregation of any school or school system. 
this Act shall be used to require, directly or indirectly, the transportation of any student to a school other than the school which is nearest the student’s home, except for a student requiring special education, to the school offering such special education, in order to comply with title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. For the purpose of this section an indirect requirement of transportation of students includes the transportation of students to carry out a plan involving the reorganization of the grade structure of schools, the pairing of schools, or the clustering of schools, or any combination of grade restructuring, pairing, or clustering. The prohibition described in this section does not include the establishment of magnet schools. 
may be used to prevent the implementation of programs of voluntary prayer and meditation in the public schools. 
evaluations of ESEA programs shall be prioritized, before using funds for any other evaluation activities: Provided further , That 
any funds reserved under this section shall be available from July 1, 2016 through September 30, 2017: Provided further , That not 
the Every Student Succeeds Act, funds provided in this Act for noncompetitive formula grant programs authorized by the ESEA for use during academic year 2016–2017 shall be administered in accordance with the ESEA as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
In this subsection, the term ‘eligible career pathway program’ means a program that combines rigorous and highquality education, training, and other services that— 
in any of a full range of secondary or postsecondary education options, including apprenticeships registered under the Act of August 16, 1937 (commonly known as the ‘National Apprenticeship Act’; 50 Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.) (referred to individually in this Act as an ‘apprenticeship’, except in section 171); 
other services to meet the particular needs of an individual in a manner that accelerates the educational and career advancement of the individual to the extent practicable; 
for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled established under section 8502 of title 41, United States Code, $6,191,000: 
agreement entered into under the preceding proviso shall contain such auditing, oversight, and reporting provisions as necessary to implement chapter 85 of title 41, United States Code: Provided further , That such 
agreement shall include the elements listed under the heading ‘‘Committee For Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled—Written Agreement Elements’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided further , That 
after 180 days from the date of enactment of this Act a fee may not be charged under section 51–3.5 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, unless such fee is under the terms of the written agreement between the Committee and any such central nonprofit agency: Provided further , That no less than 
$750,000 shall be available for the Office of Inspector General. 
General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— 
Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled,’’ after ‘‘the Board for International Broadcasting,’’; and 
Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled, such term means the Chairman of the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled;’’; and 
first place it appears, and inserting ‘‘board, chairman of a committee, or commission’’; and 
second place it appears, and inserting ‘‘board, committee, or commission’’. 
the enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled shall appoint an Inspector General for the Committee. 
by this section, shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
end of each fiscal year quarter, beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Committee For Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled shall submit to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform and Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, the Committees on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the reports described under the heading ‘‘Committee For Purchase From People Who Are 
Blind or Severely Disabled—Requested Reports’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
funds deobligated from projects under section 198K of the 1990 Act shall immediately be available for activities authorized under section 198K of such Act. 
established under subtitle D of title I of the 1990 Act, $220,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That CNCS may 
transfer additional funds from the amount provided within ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ allocated to grants under subtitle C of title I of the 1990 Act to the National Service Trust upon determination that such transfer is necessary to support the activities of national service participants and after notice is transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further , That 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, $5,250,000. 
changes to program requirements, service delivery or policy only through public notice and comment rulemaking. For fiscal year 2016, during any grant selection process, an officer or employee of CNCS shall not knowingly disclose any covered grant selection information regarding such selection, directly or indirectly, to any person other than an officer or employee of CNCS that is authorized by CNCS to receive such information. 
section 196 of the 1990 Act for the purposes of financing programs and operations under titles I and II of the 1973 Act or subtitle B, C, D, or E of title I of the 1990 Act shall be used to supplement and not supplant current programs and operations. 
such section shall be considered ‘‘qualified entities’’ under section 3 of the National Child Protection Act of 1993 (‘‘NCPA’’); and 
shall be considered ‘‘volunteers’’ under section 3 of NCPA; and 
Community Service established pursuant to section 178 of the 1990 Act, are authorized to receive criminal history record information, consistent with Public Law 92–544. 
Broadcasting (‘‘CPB’’), as authorized by the Communications Act of 1934, an amount which shall be available within limitations specified by that Act, for the fiscal year 2018, $445,000,000: Provided , That none of the funds 
made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to pay for receptions, parties, or similar forms of entertainment for Government officials or employees: Provided further , That 
none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be available or used to aid or support any program or activity from which any person is excluded, or is denied benefits, or is discriminated against, on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, or sex: Provided further , That none of the funds made 
available to CPB by this Act shall be used to apply any political test or qualification in selecting, appointing, promoting, or taking any other personnel action with respect to officers, agents, and employees of CPB: Provided further , That none of the funds made 
available to CPB by this Act shall be used to support the Television Future Fund or any similar purpose. In addition, for the costs associated with 
replacing and upgrading the public broadcasting interconnection system, $40,000,000. 
For expenses necessary for the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service (‘‘Service’’) to carry out the functions vested in it by the LaborManagement Relations Act, 1947, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; for expenses necessary for the LaborManagement Cooperation Act of 1978; and for expenses necessary for the Service to carry out the functions vested in it by the Civil Service Reform Act, $48,748,000, including up to $400,000 to remain available through September 30, 2017, for activities authorized by the LaborManagement Cooperation Act of 1978: Provided , That notwithstanding 31 
U.S.C. 3302, fees charged, up to fullcost recovery, for special training activities and other conflict resolution services and technical assistance, including those provided to foreign governments and international organizations, and for arbitration services shall be credited to and merged with this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That fees for arbitration 
services shall be available only for education, training, and professional development of the agency workforce: Provided further, That the Director of the Service is authorized to accept and use on behalf of the United States gifts of services and real, personal, or other property in the aid of any projects or functions within the Director’s jurisdiction. 
Services Act of 1996 and the National Museum of African American History and Culture Act, $230,000,000. 
For expenses necessary to carry out section 1900 of the Social Security Act, $7,765,000. 
For expenses necessary to carry out section 1805 of the Social Security Act, $11,925,000, to be transferred to this appropriation from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. 
Council on Disability as authorized by title IV of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, $3,250,000. 
of July 5, 1935, and as amended by the Labor 
Act or previous Acts making appropriations for the National Labor Relations Board may be used to issue any new administrative directive or regulation that would provide employees any means of voting through any electronic means in an election to determine a representative for the purposes of collective bargaining. 
provisions of the Railway Labor Act, including emergency boards appointed by the President, $13,230,000. 
For expenses necessary for the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, $12,639,000. 
in the Treasury for the payment of benefits under the Railroad Retirement Act for interest earned on unnegotiated checks, $150,000, to remain available through September 30, 2017, which shall be the maximum amount available for payment pursuant to section 417 of Public Law 98–76. 
proviso shall not change the status under Federal employment laws of any attorney hired by the Railroad Retirement Board prior to January 1, 2013. 
For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General for audit, investigatory and review activities, as authorized by the Inspector General Act of 1978, not more than 
$8,437,000, to be derived from the railroad retirement accounts and railroad unemployment insurance account. 
For carrying out titles XI and XVI of the 
portion of the funds provided to a State in the current fiscal year and not obligated by the State during that year shall be returned to the Treasury: Provided further, That not 
more than $101,000,000 shall be available for research and demonstrations under sections 1110, 1115, and 1144 of the Social Security Act, and remain available through September 30, 2018. 
fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. 
XVI of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, $14,500,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
That not less than $2,300,000 shall be for the Social Security Advisory Board: Provided 
further , That, $116,000,000 may be used for the 
costs associated with conducting continuing disability reviews under titles II and XVI of the Social Security Act and conducting redeterminations of eligibility under title XVI of the Social Security Act: Provided further , 
That the Commissioner may allocate additional funds under this paragraph above the level specified in the previous proviso for such activities but only to reconcile estimated and actual unit costs for conducting such activities and after notifying the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 15 days in advance of any such reallocation: Provided further , That the acquisition of services to conduct and manage representative payee reviews shall be made using full and open competition procedures: Provided further, That, $150,000,000, to remain available 
until expended, shall be for necessary expenses for the renovation and modernization of the Arthur J. Altmeyer Building: Provided 
In addition, an amount not to exceed 3 percent of the total provided in this appropriation may be transferred from the ‘‘Limitation on Administrative Expenses’’, Social Security Administration, to be merged with this account, to be available for the time and purposes for which this account is available: Provided, That notice of such transfers shall 
be transmitted promptly to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 
and Human Services, and Education are authorized to transfer unexpended balances of prior appropriations to accounts corresponding to current appropriations provided in this Act. Such transferred balances 
shall be used for the same purpose, and for 
the same periods of time, for which they were originally appropriated. 
contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used, other than for normal and recognized executivelegislative relationships, for publicity or propaganda purposes, for the preparation, distribution, or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet, publication, electronic communication, radio, television, or video presentation designed to support or defeat the enactment of legislation before the Congress or any State or local legislature or legislative body, except in presentation to the Congress or any State or local legislature itself, or designed to support or defeat any proposed or pending regulation, administrative action, or order issued by the executive branch of any State or local government, except in presentation to the executive branch of any State or local government itself. 
in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used to pay the salary or expenses of any grant or contract recipient, or agent acting for such recipient, related to any activity designed to influence the enactment of legislation, appropriations, regulation, administrative action, or Executive order proposed or pending before the Congress or any State government, State legislature or local legislature or legislative body, other than for normal and recognized executivelegislative relationships or participation by an agency or officer of a State, local or tribal government in policymaking and administrative processes within the executive branch of that government. 
releases, requests for proposals, bid solicitations and other documents describing projects or programs funded in whole or in part with Federal money, all grantees receiving Federal funds included in this Act, including but not limited to State and local governments and recipients of Federal research grants, shall clearly state— 
program or project which will be financed with Federal money; 
total costs of the project or program that will be financed by nongovernmental 
in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for any abortion. 
Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for health benefits coverage that includes coverage of abortion. 
means the package of services covered by a managed care provider or organization pursuant to a contract or other arrangement. 
the preceding section shall not apply to an abortion— 
a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, including a lifeendangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed. 
be construed as prohibiting the expenditure by a State, locality, entity, or private person of State, local, or private funds (other than a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds). 
be construed as restricting the ability of any managed care provider from offering abortion coverage or the ability of a State or locality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage with State funds (other than a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds). 
this Act may be made available to a Federal agency or program, or to a State or local government, if such agency, program, or government subjects any institutional or individual health care entity to discrimination on the basis that the health care entity does not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or refer for abortions. 
care entity’’ includes an individual physician or other health care professional, a hospital, a providersponsored organization, a health maintenance organization, a health insurance plan, or any other kind of health care facility, organization, or plan. 
‘‘human embryo or embryos’’ includes any organism, not protected as a human subject under 45 CFR 46 as of the date of the enactment of this Act, that is derived by fertilization, parthenogenesis, cloning, or any other means from one or more human gametes or human diploid cells. 
not apply when there is significant medical evidence of a therapeutic advantage to the use of such drug or other substance or that 
federally sponsored clinical trials are being conducted to determine therapeutic advantage. 
in this Act may be obligated or expended to enter into or renew a contract with an entity if— 
as required by that section for the most recent year for which such requirement was applicable to such entity. 
in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriation Act. 
under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2016, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— 
means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; 
the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such reprogramming or of an announcement of intent relating to such reprogramming, whichever occurs earlier, and are notified in writing 10 days in advance of such reprogramming. 
Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2016, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— 
existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Congress; or 
reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; 
the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such reprogramming or of an announcement of intent relating to such reprogramming, whichever occurs earlier, and are notified in writing 10 days in advance of such reprogramming. 
this Act may be used to disseminate information that is deliberately false or misleading. 
this Act, each department and related agency funded through this Act shall submit an operating plan that details at the program, project, and activity level any funding allocations for fiscal year 2016 that are different than those specified in this Act, the accompanying detailed table in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), or the fiscal year 2016 budget request. 
and Human Services, and Education shall each prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the number and amount of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements exceeding $500,000 in value and awarded by the Department on a noncompetitive basis during each quarter of fiscal year 2016, but not to include grants awarded on a formula basis or directed by law. Such report shall include the name of the contractor or grantee, the amount of funding, the governmental purpose, including a justification for issuing the award on a noncompetitive basis. Such report shall be transmitted to the Committees within 30 days after the end of the quarter for which the report is submitted. 
this Act may be used by the Commissioner of Social Security or the Social Security Administration to pay the compensation of employees of the Social Security Administration to administer Social Security benefit payments, under any agreement between the United States and Mexico establishing totalization arrangements between the social security system established by title II of the Social Security Act and the social security system of Mexico, which would not otherwise be payable but for such agreement. 
limitation does not apply to the use of funds for elements of a program other than making such purchases if the relevant State or local 
health department, in consultation with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, determines that the State or local jurisdiction, as applicable, is experiencing, or is at risk for, a significant increase in hepatitis infections or an HIV outbreak due to injection drug use, and such program is operating in accordance with State and local law. 
the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
under this or any other Act, or any prior Appropriations Act, may be provided to the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN), or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, allied organizations, or successors. 
conferences shall be tabulated separately from and not included in agency totals. 
this Act shall clearly state within the text, audio, or video used for advertising or educational purposes, including emails or Internet postings, that the communication is printed, published, or produced and disseminated at U.S. taxpayer expense. The funds used by a Federal agency to carry out this requirement shall be derived from amounts made available to the agency for advertising or other communications regarding the programs and activities of the agency. 
disconnected youth, or designed to prevent youth from disconnecting from school or work, that provide education, training, employment, and other related social services. Such Pilots shall be governed by the provisions of section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, except that in carrying out such Pilots section 526 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘FISCAL YEAR 2016’’ for ‘‘F ISCAL  
by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ each place it appears. 
Federal discretionary funds that are made available in this Act to participate in Performance Partnership Pilots that are being carried out pursuant to the authority provided by section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, and section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235: Provided , That new pilots 
end of each calendar quarter, beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2013, the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services and Education and the Social Security Administration shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate a quarterly report on the status of balances of appropriations: Provided, That for balances that are unobligated and uncommitted, committed, and obligated but unexpended, the quarterly reports shall separately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of appropriation (beginning with fiscal year 2012, or, to the extent feasible, earlier fiscal years) from which balances were derived. 
by striking ‘‘An’’ and inserting ‘‘IN GEN ERAL .—An’’; 
by striking ‘‘With’’ and inserting ‘‘A PPLICA TION TO TRAINING PROGRAMS .—With’’; 
by striking ‘‘In’’ and inserting ‘‘R ESPONSI BILITY OF LABOR SECRETARY .—In’’; and 
pay of such an employee shall be deemed to be the hourly pay in effect on the date of the injury multiplied by 40, for purposes of computing benefits under section 8118 of such title.’’. 
fiscal year 2016 under section 3403 of Public Law 111–148, $15,000,000 are rescinded. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
For expense allowances of the Vice President, $18,760; the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, $37,520; Majority Leader of the Senate, $39,920; Minority Leader of the Senate, $39,920; Majority Whip of the Senate, $9,980; Minority Whip of the Senate, $9,980; Chairmen of the Majority and Minority Conference Committees, $4,690 for each Chairman; and Chairmen of the Majority and Minority Policy Committees, $4,690 for each Chairman; in all, $174,840. 
For representation allowances of the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate, $14,070 for each such Leader; in all, $28,140 . 
and others as authorized by law, including agency contributions, $179,185,311 , which 
shall be paid from this appropriation without regard to the following limitations: 
For the Office of the President Pro Tempore, $723,466 . 
For salaries of the Committee on Appropriations, $15,142,000 . 
Conference of the Minority, at rates of compensation to be fixed by the Chairman of each such committee, $1,658,000 for each such committee; in all, $3,316,000 . 
OFFICES OF THE SECRETARIES OF THE CON FERENCE OF THE MAJORITY AND THE CON FERENCE OF THE MINORITY  
For Offices of the Secretaries of the Conference of the Majority and the Conference of the Minority, $817,402 . 
For salaries of the Majority Policy Committee and the Minority Policy Committee, $1,692,905 for each such committee; in all, $3,385,810 . 
For Offices of the Secretary for the Majority and the Secretary for the Minority, $1,762,000 . 
benefits, as authorized by law, and related expenses, $48,797,499. 
THESENATE , SERGEANT AT ARMS AND DOORKEEPER OF THE SENATE , AND SECRETARIES  
the Senate, $7,110; Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate, $7,110; Secretary for the Majority of the Senate, $7,110; Secretary for the Minority of the Senate, $7,110; 
For expenses of inquiries and investigations ordered by the Senate, or conducted under paragraph 1 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate, section 112 of the Supplemental Appropriations and Rescission Act, 1980 (Public Law 96–304), and Senate Resolution 281, 96th Congress, agreed to March 11, 1980, $133,265,000, of which $26,650,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
of the Senate, $8,750,000 of which $4,350,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020 and of which $2,500,000 shall remain available until expended. 
at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate, $130,000,000 , which shall remain available 
Expense Account, $390,000,000 of which $19,121,212 shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
SENATE ’’ under the heading ‘‘ SENATORS ’ OFFICIAL PERSONNEL AND OFFICE EXPENSE AC COUNT ’’ shall be available for obligation only 
during the fiscal year or fiscal years for which such amounts are made available. Any unexpended balances under such allowances remaining after the end of the period of availability shall be returned to the Treasury in accordance with the undesignated paragraph under the center heading ‘‘GENERAL PROVISION’’ under chapter XI of the Third Supplemental Appropriation Act, 1957 (2 U.S.C. 4107) and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such payments have been made, for reducing the Federal debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). 
during any fiscal year, at the election of the Chaplain of the Senate, transfer funds from the appropriation account for salaries for the Office of the Chaplain of the Senate to the 
account, within the contingent fund of the Senate, from which expenses are payable for the Office of the Chaplain. 
Office of the Chaplain of the Senate, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘such committee’’ each place it appears; and 
Chaplain of the Senate, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘the Chairman’’; and 
inserting ‘‘or the Chaplain of the Senate, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘The Chairman of a committee’’. 
Speaker, $6,645,417, including $25,000 for official expenses of the Speaker; Office of the Majority Floor Leader, $2,180,048, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Majority Leader; Office of the Minority Floor Leader, $7,114,471, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Minority Leader; Office of the Majority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Majority Whip, $1,886,632, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Majority Whip; Office of the Minority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Minority Whip, $1,459,639, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Minority Whip; Republican Conference, $1,505,426; Democratic Caucus, $1,487,258: Provided , That 
such amount for salaries and expenses shall remain available from January 3, 2016 until January 2, 2017. 
including Members’ clerk hire, official expenses, and official mail, $554,317,732. 
For salaries and expenses of standing committees, special and select, authorized by House resolutions, $123,903,173: Provided , That 
such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2016. 
shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2016. 
and employees, as authorized by law, $178,531,768, including: for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Clerk, including the positions of the Chaplain and the Historian, and including not more than $25,000 for official representation and reception expenses, of which not more than $20,000 is for 
the Family Room and not more than $2,000 is 
for the Office of the Chaplain, $24,980,898; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Sergeant at Arms, including the position of Superintendent of Garages and the Office of Emergency Management, and including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $14,827,120 of which $4,784,229 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $117,165,000, of which $1,350,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Inspector General, $4,741,809; for salaries and expenses of the Office of General Counsel, $1,413,450; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Parliamentarian, including the Parliamentarian, $2,000 for preparing the Digest of Rules, and not more than $1,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $1,974,606; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House, $3,119,766; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House, $8,352,975; for salaries and expenses of the Office of Interparliamentary Affairs, $814,069; for other authorized employees, $1,142,075. 
by House resolution or law, $278,433,432, including: supplies, materials, administrative costs and Federal tort claims, $3,625,236; official mail for committees, leadership offices, and administrative offices of the House, $190,486; Government contributions for health, retirement, Social Security, and other applicable employee benefits, $251,629,425, to remain available until March 31, 2017; Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery, $16,217,008 of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended; transition activities for new members and staff, $2,084,000, to remain available until expended; Wounded Warrior Program $2,500,000, to remain available until expended; Office of Congressional Ethics, $1,467,030; and miscellaneous items including purchase, exchange, maintenance, repair and operation of House motor vehicles, interparliamentary receptions, and gratuities to heirs of deceased employees of the House, $720,247. 
provision of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act for ‘‘HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES—SALARIES AND EXPENSES — 
shall be available only for fiscal year 2016. Any amount remaining after all payments are made under such allowances for fiscal year 2016 shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such payments have been made, for reducing the Federal debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). 
House Administration of the House of Representatives shall have authority to prescribe regulations to carry out this section. 
the term ‘‘Member of the House of Representatives’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. 
in this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of a bill, joint resolution, or resolution to the office of a Member of the House of 
Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) unless the Member requests a copy. 
by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of any version of the Congressional Record to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
in this Act may be used by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives to make any payments from any Members’ Representational Allowance for the leasing of a vehicle, excluding mobile district offices, in an aggregate amount that exceeds $1,000 for the vehicle in any month. 
LIMITATION ON PRINTED COPIES OF U .S. CODE TO  
by this Act may be used to provide an aggregate number of more than 50 printed copies of any edition of the United States Code to all offices of the House of Representatives. 
by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the report of disbursements for the operations of the House of Representatives under section 106 of the House of Representatives Administrative Reform Technical Corrections Act (2 U.S.C. 5535) to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
by this Act may be used to deliver to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) a printed copy of the Daily Calendar of the House of Representatives which is prepared by the Clerk of the House of Representatives. 
by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Congressional Pictorial Directory to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
For salaries and expenses of the Joint Economic Committee, $4,203,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. 
conducting the inaugural ceremonies of the President and Vice President of the United States, January 20, 2017, in accordance with such program as may be adopted by the joint congressional committee authorized to conduct the inaugural ceremonies of 2017, $1,250,000 to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate and to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That funds 
made available under this heading shall be available for payment, on a direct or reimbursable basis, whether incurred on, before, or after, October 1, 2016: Provided further , 
That the compensation of any employee of the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate who has been designated to perform service with respect to the inaugural ceremonies of 2017 shall continue to be 
paid by the Committee on Rules and Administration, but the account from which such staff member is paid may be reimbursed for the services of the staff member out of funds made available under this heading: Provided 
further , That there are authorized to be paid 
from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Investigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary, without fiscal year limitation, for agency contributions related to the compensation of employees of the joint congressional committee. 
Committee on Taxation, $10,095,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. 
For medical supplies, equipment, and contingent expenses of the emergency rooms, and for the Attending Physician and his assistants, including: 
three medical officers while on duty in the Office of the Attending Physician; 
Congressional Accessibility Services, $1,400,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. 
Police, including overtime, hazardous duty pay, and Government contributions for health, retirement, social security, professional liability insurance, and other applicable employee benefits, $309,000,000 of which overtime shall not exceed $30,928,000 unless the Committee on Appropriations of the House and Senate are notified, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee. 
For necessary expenses of the Capitol Police, including motor vehicles, communications and other equipment, security equipment and installation, uniforms, weapons, supplies, materials, training, medical services, forensic services, stenographic services, personal and professional services, the employee assistance program, the awards program, postage, communication services, travel advances, relocation of instructor and liaison personnel for the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, and not more than $5,000 to be expended on the certification of the Chief of the Capitol Police in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $66,000,000, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or 
his designee: Provided , That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the cost of basic training for the Capitol Police at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center for fiscal year 2016 shall be paid by the Secretary of Homeland Security from funds available to the Department of Homeland Security. 
made by this section shall only apply with respect to any reimbursement received before, on, or after the date of the enactment of the Act. 
Compliance, as authorized by section 305 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1385), $3,959,000, of which $450,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That not more than $500 may 
be expended on the certification of the Executive Director of the Office of Compliance in connection with official representation and reception expenses. 
For salaries and expenses necessary for operation of the Congressional Budget Office, including not more than $6,000 to be expended on the certification of the Director of the Congressional Budget Office in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $46,500,000. 
For salaries for the Architect of the Capitol, and other personal services, at rates of pay provided by law; for all necessary expenses for surveys and studies, construction, operation, and general and administrative support in connection with facilities and activities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol including the Botanic Garden; electrical substations of the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Architect of the Capitol; including furnishings and office equipment; including not more than $5,000 for official reception and representation expenses, to be expended as the Architect of the Capitol may approve; for purchase or exchange, maintenance, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle, $91,589,000. 
For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the Capitol, $46,737,000, of which $22,737,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
For all necessary expenses for care and improvement of grounds surrounding the Capitol, the Senate and House office buildings, and the Capitol Power Plant, $11,880,000, of 
which $2,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of Senate office buildings; and furniture and furnishings to be expended under the control and supervision of the Architect of the Capitol, $84,221,000, of which $26,283,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the House office buildings, $174,962,000, of which $48,885,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $62,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the restoration and renovation of the Cannon House Office Building. 
Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the Capitol Power Plant; lighting, heating, power (including the purchase of electrical energy) and water and sewer services for the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, Library of Congress buildings, and the grounds about the same, Botanic Garden, Senate garage, and air conditioning refrigeration not supplied from plants in any of such buildings; heating the Government Publishing Office and Washington City Post Office, and heating and chilled water for air conditioning for the Supreme Court Building, the Union Station complex, the Thurgood Marshall Federal Judiciary Building and the Folger Shakespeare Library, expenses for which shall be advanced or reimbursed upon request of the Architect of the Capitol and amounts so received shall be deposited into the Treasury to the credit of this appropriation, $94,722,499, of which $17,581,499 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That not more than $9,000,000 of the 
funds credited or to be reimbursed to this appropriation as herein provided shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2016. 
For all necessary expenses for the mechanical and structural maintenance, care and operation of the Library buildings and grounds, $40,689,000, of which $15,746,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of buildings, grounds and security enhancements of the United States Capitol Police, wherever located, the Alternate Computer Facility, and AOC security operations, $25,434,000, of which $7,901,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the Botanic Garden and the nurseries, buildings, grounds, and collections; and purchase and exchange, maintenance, repair, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle; all under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library, $12,113,000, of which $2,100,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , 
That, of the amount made available under this heading, the Architect of the Capitol may obligate and expend such sums as may be necessary for the maintenance, care and operation of the National Garden established under section 307E of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1989 (2 U.S.C. 2146), upon vouchers approved by the Architect of the 
For all necessary expenses for the operation of the Capitol Visitor Center, $20,557,000. 
in this Act for the Architect of the Capitol may be used to make incentive or award payments to contractors for work on contracts or programs for which the contractor is behind schedule or over budget, unless the Architect of the Capitol, or agencyemployed designee, determines that any such deviations are due to unforeseeable events, governmentdriven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program. 
by this Act may be used for scrims containing photographs of building facades during restoration or construction projects performed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
of the Capitol is authorized to acquire from the Maryland State Highway Administration, at no cost to the United States, a parcel of real property (including improvements thereon) consisting of approximately 7.34 acres located within the portion of Fort George G. Meade in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, that was transferred to the Architect of the Capitol by the Secretary of the Army pursuant to section 122 of the Military Construction Appropriations Act, 1994 (2 U.S.C. 141 note). 
by the Architect pursuant to the authority of this section. 
of Congress not otherwise provided for, including development and maintenance of the Library’s catalogs; custody and custodial care of the Library buildings; special clothing; cleaning, laundering and repair of uniforms; preservation of motion pictures in the custody of the Library; operation and maintenance of the American Folklife Center in the Library; preparation and distribution of catalog records and other publications of the Library; hire or purchase of one passenger motor vehicle; and expenses of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board not properly chargeable to the income of any trust fund held by the Board, $425,971,000, of which not more than $6,000,000 shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2016, and shall remain available until expended, under the Act of June 28, 1902 (chapter 1301; 32 Stat. 480; 2 U.S.C. 150) and not more than $350,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2016 and shall remain available until expended for the development and maintenance of an international legal information database and activities related thereto: Provided , 
That the Library of Congress may not obligate or expend any funds derived from collections under the Act of June 28, 1902, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Provided further , That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the 
amount appropriated, not more than $12,000 may be expended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official representation and reception expenses for the Overseas Field Offices: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, 
$8,231,000 shall remain available until expended for the digital collections and educational curricula program: Provided further , 
That, of the total amount appropriated, $1,300,000 shall remain available until expended for upgrade of the Legislative Branch Financial Management System. 
amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than $35,777,000: Provided further , 
provisions of section 203 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166) and to revise and extend the Annotated Constitution of the United States of America, $106,945,000: Provided , That no part of such 
amount may be used to pay any salary or expense in connection with any publication, or preparation of material therefor (except the Digest of Public General Bills), to be issued by the Library of Congress unless such publication has obtained prior approval of either the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives or the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate. 
Act of March 3, 1931 (chapter 400; 46 Stat. 1487; 2 U.S.C. 135a), $50,248,000: Provided , That 
of the total amount appropriated, $650,000 shall be available to contract to provide newspapers to blind and physically handicapped residents at no cost to the individual. 
James H. Billington, upon leaving service as the Librarian of Congress, may be known as the Librarian of Congress Emeritus. 
The honorary designation under this section does not constitute an appointment to a position in the Federal Government under title 5, United States Code. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, in connection with his activities as Librarian of Congress Emeritus, James H. Billington may receive incidental administrative and clerical support through the Library of Congress. 
information and the distribution of congressional information in any format; expenses necessary for preparing the semimonthly and session index to the Congressional Record, as authorized by law (section 902 of title 44, United States Code); publishing of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed to Members of Congress; and publishing, and distribution of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed without charge to the recipient, $79,736,000: Provided , That this appropriation shall not 
be available for paper copies of the permanent edition of the Congressional Record for individual Representatives, Resident Commissioners or Delegates authorized under section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further , That this appropriation 
shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred under the appropriations for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years: Provided further , That notwithstanding the 2 
year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44, United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publication after the 27month period beginning on the date that such document, report, or publication is authorized by Congress to be printed, unless Congress reauthorizes such printing in accordance with section 718 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further , 
That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate: Provided further , That notwithstanding sections 901, 902, and 906 of title 44, United States Code, this appropriation 
may be used to prepare indexes to the Congressional Record on only a monthly and session basis. 
For expenses of the public information programs of the Office of Superintendent of Documents necessary to provide for the cataloging and indexing of Government publications and their distribution to the public, Members of Congress, other Government agencies, and designated depository and international exchange libraries as authorized by law, $30,500,000: Provided , That 
amounts of not more than $2,000,000 from current year appropriations are authorized for producing and disseminating Congressional serial sets and other related publications for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 to depository and other designated libraries: Provided 
balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate. 
For payment to the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund, $6,832,000, to remain available until expended, for information technology development and facilities repair: Provided , That the 
Government Publishing Office is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds available and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs and purposes set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund: Provided further, That not more than 
$7,500 may be expended on the certification of the Director of the Government Publishing Office in connection with official representation and reception expenses: Provided 
business operations revolving fund may provide information in any format: Provided further, That the business operations revolving 
fund and the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Public Information Programs of the Superintendent of Documents’’ may not be used for contracted security services at GPO’s passport facility in the District of Columbia. 
That this appropriation and appropriations for administrative expenses of any other department or agency which is a member of the National Intergovernmental Audit Forum or a Regional Intergovernmental Audit Forum shall be available to finance an appropriate share of either Forum’s costs as determined by the respective Forum, including necessary travel expenses of nonFederal participants: Provided further , That payments hereunder to the Forum may be credited as reimbursements to any appropriation from which costs involved are initially financed. 
title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
activities of the Government Accountability Office may, in the reasonable discretion of the Comptroller General, be carried out by receiving details of personnel from other offices of the Federal Government on a reimbursable, partiallyreimbursable, or nonreimbursable basis.’’. 
For a payment to the Open World Leadership Center Trust Fund for financing activities of the Open World Leadership Center under section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), $5,600,000: Provided , That funds made available to support Russian participants shall only be used for those engaging in free market development, humanitarian activities, and civic engagement, and shall not be used for officials of the central government of Russia. 
for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1105), $430,000. 
in this Act shall be used for the maintenance or care of private vehicles, except for emergency assistance and cleaning as may be provided under regulations relating to parking 
facilities for the House of Representatives issued by the Committee on House Administration and for the Senate issued by the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond fiscal year 2016 unless expressly so provided in this Act. 
position not specifically established by the Legislative Pay Act of 1929 (46 Stat. 32 et seq.) is appropriated for or the rate of compensation or designation of any office or position appropriated for is different from that specifically established by such Act, the rate of compensation and the designation in this Act shall be the permanent law with respect thereto: Provided , That the provisions in this 
Act for the various items of official expenses of Members, officers, and committees of the Senate and House of Representatives, and clerk hire for Senators and Members of the House of Representatives shall be the permanent law with respect thereto. 
year thereafter, the Architect of the Capitol, in consultation with the District of Columbia, is authorized to maintain and improve the landscape features, excluding streets, in Square 580 up to the beginning of I–395. 
in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriation Act. 
BATTERY RECHARGING STATIONS FOR PRI VATELY OWNED VEHICLES IN PARKING AREAS  
OF CONGRESS AT NO NET COST TO THE FED ERAL GOVERNMENT  
to park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the Library of Congress on the Library of Congress buildings and grounds. 
funds appropriated to the Architect of the Capitol under the heading ‘‘Capitol Power Plant’’ under the heading ‘‘ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL’’ in any fiscal year are available to construct, operate, and maintain on a reimbursable basis battery recharging stations in parking areas under the jurisdiction of the Library of Congress on Library of Congress buildings and grounds for use by privately owned vehicles used by covered employees. 
the numbers and locations of the battery recharging stations to the Joint Committee on the Library; and 
the Architect of the Capitol shall charge fees or charges for electricity provided to covered employees sufficient to cover the costs to the Architect of the Capitol to carry out this section, including costs to any vendors or other costs associated with maintaining the battery charging stations. 
the amount of the fee or charge to be established or adjusted to the Joint Committee on the Library; and 
charges, or commissions collected by the Architect of the Capitol under this section shall be— 
after the end of each fiscal year, the Architect of the Capitol shall submit a report on the financial administration and cost recovery of activities under this section with respect to that fiscal year to the Joint Committee on the Library and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate. 
years after the date of enactment of this Act and every 3 years thereafter, the Architect of the Capitol shall submit a report to the Joint Committee on the Library determining 
charging stations as authorized by this section are receiving a subsidy from the taxpayers. 
apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
SELFCERTIFICATION OF PERFORMANCE AP PRAISAL SYSTEMS FOR SENIOR LEVEL EM PLOYEES  
‘‘(ii) with respect to employees of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol shall be the responsibility of the Architect of the Capitol; and 
‘‘(iii) with respect to employees of the Government Publishing Office shall be the responsibility of the Director of the Government Publishing Office. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Army as currently authorized by law, including personnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for construction and operation of facilities in support of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $663,245,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That, of this 
amount, not to exceed $109,245,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  
and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as currently authorized by law, including personnel in the Naval Facilities Engineering Command and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, $1,669,239,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That, of 
this amount, not to exceed $91,649,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further , That 
none of the funds made available under this heading may be obligated for the Townsend Bombing Range Expansion, Phase 2, until the Secretary of the Navy enters into an agreement with local stakeholders that addresses the disposition and management of the timber and forest resources in the proposed areas of expansion. 
and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Air Force as currently authorized by law, $1,389,185,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of this amount, not to exceed 
$89,164,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, installations, facilities, and real property for activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as currently authorized by law, $2,242,867,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That 
such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided further , That of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $175,404,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of Defense determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further , That 
of the funds made available by this title to construct fiscal year 2016 Special Operations Command military construction projects, not to exceed 75 percent shall be available until the Commander of the Special Operations Command has complied with the certification and reporting requirements in the last proviso under the heading ‘‘Department of Defense—Military Construction, Defense Wide’’ in title I of H.R. 2029, as passed by the House of Representatives on April 30, 2015. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $197,237,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That, of the 
amount appropriated, not to exceed $20,337,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Army National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $138,738,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That, of the amount appropriated, not 
to exceed $5,104,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $113,595,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That, of the 
amount appropriated, not to exceed $9,318,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the reserve components of the Navy and Marine Corps as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $36,078,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That, of the amount appropriated, 
not to exceed $2,208,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, 
$65,021,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That, of the 
amount appropriated, not to exceed $13,400,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
For the United States share of the cost of 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program for the acquisition and construction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related expenses for the collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as authorized by section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $135,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
Army for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $108,695,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
Army for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $375,611,000. 
Navy and Marine Corps for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $16,541,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
Navy and Marine Corps for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $353,036,000. 
Force for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $160,498,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
Force for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $331,232,000. 
For expenses of family housing for the activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) for operation and maintenance, leasing, and minor construction, as authorized by law, $58,668,000. 
and Realignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $266,334,000, to remain available until expended. 
in this title shall be expended for payments under a costplusafixedfee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be performed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of Defense setting forth the reasons therefor. 
for construction shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles. 
for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, for the construction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are certified as important to the national defense by the Secretary of Defense. 
in this title may be used to begin construction of new bases in the United States for which specific appropriations have not been made. 
in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activity for which American steel producers, fabricators, and manufacturers have been denied the opportunity to compete for such steel procurement. 
Department of Defense for military construction or family housing during the current fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. 
in this title may be used to initiate a new installation overseas without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
in this title may be obligated for architect and engineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North Atlantic Treaty Organization member country, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. 
in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in 
countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to exceed $1,000,000 to a foreign contractor: Provided , That this section 
shall not be applicable to contract awards for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a United States contractor exceeds the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further , That this section 
shall not apply to contract awards for military construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is submitted by a Marshallese contractor. 
and improving military family housing, military unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. 
authority available to the Department of Defense, amounts may be transferred from the 
than $35,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and repair of any general or flag officer quarters without 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, except that an afterthefact notification shall be submitted if the limitation is exceeded solely due to costs associated with environmental remediation that could not be reasonably anticipated at the time of the budget submission: Provided further, That the 
Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is to report annually to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress all operation and maintenance expenditures for each individual general or flag officer quarters for the prior fiscal year. 
that is not performed by any other unit in the Army and is specifically stipulated in title 10, United States Code; and 
apply if the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that in proposing the relocation of the unit of the Army, the Secretary complied with Army Regulation 5–10 relating to the policy, procedures, and responsibilities for Army stationing actions. 
in this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. 
‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $34,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That such funds may only be obligated to carry out construction projects identified in the Department of the Army’s Unfunded Priority List for Fiscal Year 2016 submitted to Congress: Provided further , That 
such funding is for projects as authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: Provided further , That, not 
later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $34,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That such funds 
may only be obligated to carry out construction projects identified in the Department of the Navy’s Unfunded Priority List for Fiscal Year 2016: Provided further , That such funding is for projects as authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: Provided further , That, not later 
than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $51,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That such funds 
may only be obligated to carry out construction projects identified in the Department of the Army’s Unfunded Priority List for Fiscal Year 2016 submitted to Congress: Provided 
further , That such funding is for projects as 
authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
‘‘Military Construction, Army Reserve’’, $34,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That such funds 
may only be obligated to carry out construction projects identified in the Department of the Army’s Unfunded Priority List for Fiscal Year 2016 submitted to Congress: Provided 
further , That such funding is for projects as 
authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’ in this title, $30,000,000 is provided for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, for construction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code. 
‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $21,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That such funds 
may only be obligated to carry out construction projects identified in the Department of the Air Force’s Unfunded Priority List for Fiscal Year 2016 submitted to Congress: Provided further , That such funding is for 
projects as authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: Provided further , That not later than 30 days 
after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
‘‘Military Construction, Air National Guard’’, $6,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That such funds 
may only be obligated to carry out construction projects identified in the Department of the Air Force’s Unfunded Priority List for Fiscal Year 2016 submitted to Congress: Provided further , That such funding is for 
projects as authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: Provided further , That not later than 30 days 
after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) (other than appropriations designated by law as being for contingency operations directly related to the global war on terrorism or as an emergency requirement), $105,000,000 are hereby rescinded. 
‘‘Military Construction, Air Force Reserve’’, $10,400,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That such funds 
may only be obligated to carry out construction projects identified in the Department of the Air Force’s Unfunded Priority List for Fiscal Year 2016 submitted to Congress: Provided further , That such funding is for 
projects as authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: Provided further , That not later than 30 days 
after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
States’’ in this section does not include any territory or possession of the United States. 
by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or transfer of the United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. 
to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot program for disability examinations as authorized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Program for Survivors, emergency and other officers’ retirement pay, adjustedservice credits and certificates, payment of premiums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as authorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $162,948,673,000, to remain available until expended, of which $86,083,128,000 shall become available on October 1, 2016: Provided , That not to exceed 
$15,562,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2016 and $16,021,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2017 under this heading shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ for necessary expenses in implementing the provisions of chapters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding 
source for which is specifically provided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ appropriation: Provided further , That such sums as 
may be earned on an actual qualifying patient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the funding of individual medical facilities for nursing home care provided to pensioners as authorized. 
For the payment of readjustment and rehabilitation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $30,654,185,000, to remain available until expended, of which $16,340,828,000 shall become available on October 1, 2016: Provided , That expenses for rehabilitation 
service life insurance, servicemen’s indemnities, servicedisabled veterans insurance, and veterans mortgage life insurance as authorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $169,080,000, to remain available until expended, of which $91,920,000 shall become available on October 1, 2016. 
loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by subchapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided , That such 
costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided 
the resources available, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. 
carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $164,558,000. 
For the cost of direct loans, $31,000, as authorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided , That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds made available under this 
heading are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,952,000. 
necessary to carry out the direct loan program, $367,000, which may be paid to the appropriation for ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
the direct loan program authorized by subchapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,134,000. 
services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support services for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan repayments authorized by section 604 of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), and hospital care and medical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code; $2,369,158,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2015; and, in addition, $51,673,000,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2016, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That, of the 
amount made available on October 1, 2016, under this heading, $1,400,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for veterans who have serviceconnected disabilities, lower income, or have special needs: Provided further , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall give priority funding for the provision of basic medical benefits to veterans in enrollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further , That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Veterans Health Administration facilities to enrolled veterans with privately written prescriptions based on requirements established by the Secretary: Provided further , That the 
implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no additional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs: Provided further , That, of the amount 
made available on October 1, 2016, under this heading, not less than $1,500,000,000 shall be available for Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) clinical treatments, including clinical treatments with modern medications that have significantly higher cure rates than older medications, are easier to prescribe, and have fewer and milder side effects: Provided 
further , That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading for medical supplies and equipment are available for the acquisition of gender appropriate prosthetics. 
For necessary expenses in the administration of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domiciliary, construction, supply, and research activities, as authorized by law; administrative expenses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for collecting and recovering amounts owed the Department as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $6,524,000,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2016, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That, of the amount made 
available on October 1, 2016, under this heading, $100,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
For necessary expenses for the maintenance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other necessary facilities of the Veterans Health Administration; for administrative expenses in 
support of planning, design, project management, real property acquisition and disposition, construction, and renovation of any facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, engineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improving, or providing facilities in the several hospitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, either by contract or by the hire of temporary employees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry services; $105,132,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2015; and, in addition, $5,074,000,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2016, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That, of the 
amount made available on October 1, 2016, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
programs of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $630,735,000, plus reimbursements, shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading are available for gender appropriate prosthetic research and toxic exposure research. 
Cemetery Administration for operations and maintenance, not otherwise provided for, including uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial expenses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial operations; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the jurisdiction of the National Cemetery Administration, $271,220,000, of which not to exceed $26,600,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Department of Veterans Affairs, not otherwise provided for, including administrative expenses in support of Departmentwide capital planning, management and policy activities, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and representation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $336,659,000, of which not to exceed $10,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
Board of Veterans Appeals, $109,884,000, of which not to exceed $10,788,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Veterans Benefits Administration, not otherwise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the Department of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,707,734,000: Provided , That 
technology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental information systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,133,363,000, plus reimbursements: Provided, 
That $1,115,757,000 shall be for pay and associated costs, of which not to exceed $34,800,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further, That $2,512,863,000 shall 
be for operations and maintenance, of which not to exceed $175,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further, That $504,743,000 shall be for information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further, That amounts made available 
for information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each development project: Provided further, That 
amounts made available for salaries and expenses, operations and maintenance, and information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Veterans Affairs requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That amounts made 
available for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account for development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further, That no project 
may be increased or decreased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a request to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Provided further , That funds under this heading may be used by the Interagency Program Office through the Department of Veterans Affairs to define data standards, code sets, and value sets used to enable interoperability: Provided further , That, of the funds 
this heading for information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement, shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, to include information technology, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $136,766,000, of which not to exceed $12,676,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
the purchase of land for the National Cemetery Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for any project which has not been approved by the Congress in the budgetary process: Provided further , That funds made available 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any approved major construction project for which obligations are not incurred within the time limitations established above: Provided further , That, of the amount made 
available under this heading, $649,000,000 for Veterans Health Administration major construction projects shall not be available until the Department of Veterans Affairs— 
construct State nursing home and domiciliary facilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facilities in State homes, for furnishing care to veterans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $120,000,000, to remain available 
For grants to assist States and tribal organizations in establishing, expanding, or improving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $46,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
2016 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Readjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as necessary to any other of the mentioned appropriations: Provided , That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided , That any transfers between 
the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount appropriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to notification from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and purpose of the 
between the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 percent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further , That any transfers to or from 
the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. 
title for salaries and expenses shall be available for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. 
(except the appropriations for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the construction of any new hospital or home. 
shall be available for hospitalization or examination of any persons (except beneficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Readjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be recorded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2015. 
That reimbursement shall be made only from the surplus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2016 that are available for dividends in that program after claims have been paid and actuarially determined reserves have been set aside: Provided further , That if the cost of administration of such an insurance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accumulated in that program, reimbursement shall be made only to the extent of such surplus earnings: Provided further , That the Secretary shall determine the cost of administration for fiscal year 2016 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insurance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that insurance program. 
funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management of the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication under section 319 of title 38, United States Code, for all services provided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $43,700,000 for the Office of Resolution Management and $3,400,000 for the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication: Provided , That payments may be made in advance for services to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further , That amounts received shall 
be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for use by the office that provided the service. 
the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016 for the Office of Rural Health under the heading ‘‘Medical Services’’, including any advance appropriation for fiscal year 2016 provided in prior appropriation Acts, up to $20,000,000 may be transferred to and merged with funds appropriated under the 
Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the reasonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such disclosure as required: Provided further , That 
any amounts so recovered for care or services provided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. 
and other expenses incidental to funerals and burials for beneficiaries receiving care in the Department. 
the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to ‘‘Medical Services’’, to remain available until expended for the purposes of that account. 
the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and 
‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. 
in this title may be used to implement any policy prohibiting the Directors of the Veterans Integrated Services Networks from conducting outreach or marketing to enroll new veterans within their respective Networks. 
end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Provided , That, at a minimum, the report shall include the direction contained in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act) in the paragraph entitled ‘‘Quarterly Report’’, under the heading ‘‘General Administration’’. 
the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, ‘‘General Administration’’, and ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’ accounts for fiscal year 2016 may be transferred to or from the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided , 
That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided further , That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. 
the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’, up to $267,521,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided , That additional funds 
may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That section 223 of Title II of 
the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2016, for 
‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, up to $265,675,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided , That additional funds 
may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
operations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
title II of division I of Public Law 113–235, the following amounts which became available on October 1, 2015, are hereby rescinded from the following accounts in the amounts specified: 
shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, whichever is less: Provided , That such notification 
shall occur within 14 days of a contract identifying the programmed amount: Provided 
Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obligation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such savings. 
for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope specified for that project in the original justification data provided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
submitted no later than 30 days after the end of the respective quarter. 
That funds in addition to these amounts may be obligated for the VistA Evolution and electronic health record interoperability projects upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
shall provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 15 days prior to organizational changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more fulltime equivalents from one organizational unit of the Department of Veterans Affairs to another. 
shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national outreach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Integrated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes monitoring supplies and equipment. 
upon determination that such action is necessary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discretionary appropriations made available for fiscal year 2016 in this title (except appropriations made to the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ account) or any discretionary unobligated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appropriated for fiscal year 2016, that were provided in advance by appropriations Acts: Provided , That transfers shall be made only with 
the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further , That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further , That no 
amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further , That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare requirements, than those for 
which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided further, That, upon determination that all or 
part of the funds transferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation and shall be available for the same purposes as originally appropriated: Provided 
place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. 
Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided , That before a transfer may take 
place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval from such Committees for such request. 
may not reprogram funds among major construction projects or programs if such instance of reprogramming will exceed $5,000,000, unless such reprogramming is approved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
5, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or under title 38’’ after ‘‘of this title’’. 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
carrying out the duties and responsibilities established under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), issues a work product that makes a recommendation or otherwise suggests corrective action, the Inspector General shall— 
the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; 
upon request by an individual or entity other than the Inspector General, that individual or entity; and 
request by an individual or entity other than the Inspector General, that individual or entity; and 
product is submitted in final form to the Secretary, post the work product on the Internet website of the Inspector General. 
construed to authorize the public disclosure of information that is specifically prohibited from disclosure by any other provision of law.’’. 
this or prior appropriations Acts or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used to transfer any amounts from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account within the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
prohibition with respect to the use of the Home Marketing Incentive Program and Appraisal Value Offer Program to recruit for a position for which recruitment or retention of qualified personnel is likely to be difficult in the absence of the use of these incentives: Provided further , That within 15 days of a determination by the Secretary to waive this prohibition, the Secretary shall submit written notification thereof to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress containing the reasons and identifying the position title for which the waiver has been issued. 
Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the ‘‘Recurring Expenses Transformational Fund’’ (the Fund): Provided , 
That unobligated balances of expired discretionary funds appropriated in this or any succeeding fiscal year from the General Fund of the Treasury to the Department of Veterans Affairs by this or any other Act may be transferred (at the end of the fifth fiscal year after the last fiscal year for which such funds are available for the purposes for which appropriated) into the Fund: Provided 
shall be available until expended, and in addition to such other funds as may be available for such purposes, for facilities infrastructure improvements, including nonrecurring maintenance, at existing hospitals and clinics of the Veterans Health Administration, and information technology systems improvements and sustainment, subject to approval by the Office of Management and 
Budget: Provided further , That prior to obligation of any amounts in the Fund, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make such obligation and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign countries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of national cemeteries and monuments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign countries; purchase (oneforone replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $7,500 for official reception and representation expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when required by law of such countries, $105,100,000, to remain available until expended. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. 
the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $32,141,000: Provided , That $2,500,000 shall be 
available for the purpose of providing financial assistance as described, and in accordance with the process and reporting procedures set forth, under this heading in Public Law 102–229. 
operation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home National Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor vehicles for replacement on a oneforone basis only, and not to exceed $1,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $79,516,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for Defense Agencies’’ account. 
Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi: Provided , That 
of the amounts made available under this heading from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $20,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. 
under the heading ‘‘Department of Defense— Civil, Cemeterial Expenses, Army’’, may be provided to Arlington County, Virginia, for 
the relocation of the federally owned water main at Arlington National Cemetery, making additional land available for ground burials. 
in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Federal entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or activity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. 
funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authorities and funding, to expand their use of ‘‘E Commerce’’ technologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. 
in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. 
in this Act may be used for a project or program named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the United States House of Representatives. 
the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
in this Act may be used by an agency of the executive branch to pay for firstclass travel 
by an employee of the agency in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 
in this Act may be used to execute a contract for goods or services, including construction services, where the contractor has not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Affairs to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense. 
not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
of State and the Foreign Service not otherwise provided for, $5,622,170,000, of which up to $629,055,000 may remain available until September 30, 2017, and of which up to 
$1,428,468,000 may remain available until expended for Worldwide Security Protection: Provided , That funds made available under 
expenses for the regional bureaus of the Department of State and overseas activities as authorized by law, $1,561,840,000. 
necessary expenses for the functional bureaus of the Department of State, including representation to certain international organizations in which the United States participates pursuant to treaties ratified pursuant 
to the advice and consent of the Senate or 
specific Acts of Congress, general administration, and arms control, nonproliferation and disarmament activities as authorized, $791,121,000. 
from fees collected from other executive agencies for lease or use of facilities located at the International Center in accordance with section 4 of the International Center Act, and, in addition, as authorized by section 5 of such Act, $743,000, to be derived from the reserve authorized by that section, to be used for the purposes set out in that section; 
United States Information and Educational Exchange Act, not to exceed $5,000,000, to remain available until expended, may be credited to this appropriation from fees or other payments received from English teaching, library, motion pictures, and publication programs and from fees from educational advising and counseling and exchange visitor programs; and 
this heading, not to exceed $10,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service’’, to be available only for emergency evacuations and rewards, as authorized. 
may be made available for Conflict Stabilization Operations and for related reconstruction and stabilization assistance to prevent or respond to conflict or civil strife in foreign countries or regions, or to enable transition from such strife. 
in this Act that are designated for Worldwide Security Protection shall continue to be made available for support of securityrelated training at sites in existence prior to the enactment of this Act: Provided , That in 
addition to such funds, up to $99,113,000 of the funds made available under this heading in this Act may be obligated for a Foreign Affairs Security Training Center (FASTC) only after the Secretary of State— 
this heading may be used for the preservation of religious sites unless the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such sites are historically, artistically, or culturally significant, that the purpose of the project is neither to advance nor to inhibit the free exercise of religion, and that the project is in the national interest of the United States. 
For necessary expenses of the Capital Investment Fund, $66,400,000, to remain available until expended, as authorized. 
appropriated under this heading, $10,905,000 may remain available until September 30, 2017. 
exchange programs, as authorized, $590,900,000, to remain available until expended, of which not less than $236,000,000 shall be for the Fulbright Program and not less than $102,000,000 shall be for Citizen Exchange Program, including $4,000,000 for the CongressBundestag Youth Exchange: Provided, That fees or other payments received 
from, or in connection with, English teaching, educational advising and counseling programs, and exchange visitor programs as authorized may be credited to this account, to remain available until expended: Provided 
further , That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations detailing modifications made to existing educational and cultural exchange programs since calendar year 2014, including for special academic and special professional and cultural exchanges: Provided 
any substantive modifications from the prior fiscal year to programs funded by this Act under this heading shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. 
enable the Secretary of State to provide for extraordinary protective services, as authorized, $30,036,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. EMBASSY SECURITY , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
the Foreign Service Buildings Act of 1926 (22 U.S.C. 292 et seq.), preserving, maintaining, repairing, and planning for buildings that are owned or directly leased by the Department of State, renovating, in addition to funds otherwise available, the Harry S Truman Building, and carrying out the Diplomatic Security Construction Program as authorized, $785,097,000, to remain available until expended as authorized, of which not to exceed $25,000 may be used for domestic and overseas representation expenses as authorized: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be available for acquisition of furniture, furnishings, or generators for other departments and agencies. 
In addition, for the costs of worldwide security upgrades, acquisition, and construction as authorized, $688,799,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That not 
later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations the proposed allocation of funds made available under this heading and the actual and anticipated proceeds of sales for all projects in fiscal year 2016. 
For necessary expenses to enable the Secretary of State to meet unforeseen emergencies arising in the Diplomatic and Consular Service, $7,900,000, to remain available until expended as authorized, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Repatriation Loans Program Account’’, subject to the same terms and conditions. 
authorized: Provided , That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That 
such funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,444,528. 
For payment to the Foreign Service Retirement and Disability Fund, as authorized, $158,900,000. 
shall notify the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days in advance (or in an 
emergency, as far in advance as is practicable) of any United Nations action to increase funding for any United Nations program without identifying an offsetting decrease elsewhere in the United Nations budget: Provided further , That not later than May 
1, 2016, and 30 days after the end of fiscal year 2016, the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations any credits available to the United States, including from the United Nations Tax Equalization Fund, and provide updated fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017 assessment costs including offsets from available credits and updated foreign currency exchange rates: Provided further , That any such credits shall 
only be available for United States assessed contributions to the United Nations and the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified when such credits are applied to any assessed contribution, including any payment of arrearages: Provided further , That any notification regarding funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs submitted pursuant to section 7015 of this Act, section 34 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2706), or any operating plan submitted pursuant to section 7076 of this Act, shall include an estimate of all known credits currently available to the United States and provide updated assessment costs including offsets from available credits and updated foreign currency exchange rates: Provided further , That any payment of arrearages under this heading shall be directed to activities that are mutually agreed upon by the United States and the respective international organization and shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for a United States contribution to an international organization for the United States share of interest costs made known to the United States Government by such organization for loans incurred on or after October 1, 1984, through external borrowings: Provided further , That the Secretary of State 
shall review the budgetary and personnel procedures of the United Nations and affiliated agencies funded under this heading and, not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations on steps taken at each agency to eliminate unnecessary administrative costs and duplicative activities and ensure that personnel practices are transparent and meritbased. 
other expenses of international peacekeeping activities directed to the maintenance or restoration of international peace and security, $666,574,000, of which 15 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That none of the funds made available 
be made available for obligation unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations on a peacekeeping missionbymission basis that the United Nations is implementing effective policies and procedures to prevent United Nations employees, contractor personnel, and peacekeeping troops serving in such mission from trafficking in persons, exploiting victims of trafficking, or committing acts of illegal sexual exploitation or other violations of human rights, and to bring to justice individuals who engage in such acts while participating in such mission, including prosecution in their home countries and making information about such prosecutions publicly available on the Web site of the United Nations: Provided further , That funds 
shall be available for peacekeeping expenses unless the Secretary of State determines that American manufacturers and suppliers are not being given opportunities to provide equipment, services, and material for United Nations peacekeeping activities equal to those being given to foreign manufacturers and suppliers: Provided further , That the Secretary of State shall work with the United Nations and foreign governments contributing peacekeeping troops to implement effective vetting procedures to ensure that such troops have not violated human rights: Provided further , That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading may be used for any United Nations peacekeeping mission that will involve United States Armed Forces under the command or operational control of a foreign national, unless the President’s military advisors have submitted to the President a recommendation that such involvement is in the national interest of the United States and the President has submitted to Congress such a recommendation: Provided further , That not later than May 1, 
2016, and 30 days after the end of fiscal year 2016, the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations any credits available to the United States, including those resulting from United Nations peacekeeping missions or the United Nations Tax Equalization Fund, and provide updated fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017 assessment costs including offsets from available credits: Provided further , That any such credits 
shall only be available for United States assessed contributions to the United Nations, and the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified when such credits are applied to any assessed contribution, including any payment of arrearages: Provided further , That 
any notification regarding funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs submitted pursuant to section 7015 of this Act, section 34 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2706), or any operating plan submitted pursuant to section 7076 of this Act, shall include an estimate of all known credits currently available to the United States and provide updated assessment costs including offsets from available credits: Provided further , That 
any payment of arrearages with funds appropriated by this Act shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , 
That the Secretary of State shall work with the United Nations and members of the United Nations Security Council to evaluate and prioritize peacekeeping missions, and to consider a draw down when mission goals have been substantially achieved: Provided 
further , That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading shall be available for United States assessed contributions up to the amount specified in Annex IV accompanying United Nations General Assembly Resolution 64/220: Provided 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, to meet obligations of the United States arising under treaties, or specific Acts of Congress, as follows: 
States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commission, United States and Mexico, and to comply with laws applicable to the United States Section, including not to exceed $6,000 for representation expenses; as follows: 
For detailed plan preparation and construction of authorized projects, $28,400,000, to remain available until expended, as authorized. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided, for the International Joint Commission and the International Boundary Commission, United States and Canada, as authorized by treaties between the United States and Canada or Great Britain, and the Border Environment Cooperation Commission as authorized by the North American Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 103–182), $12,330,000: Provided, 
That of the amount provided under this heading for the International Joint Commission, up to $500,000 may remain available until September 30, 2017, and $9,000 may be made available for representation expenses. 
fisheries commissions, not otherwise provided for, as authorized by law, $36,681,000: Provided , That the United States share of 
such expenses may be advanced to the respective commissions pursuant to section 3324 of title 31, United States Code. 
Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG), as authorized, to carry out international communication activities, and to make and supervise grants for radio, Internet, and television broadcasting to the Middle East, $734,087,000: Provided , That in addition to 
amounts otherwise available for such purposes, up to $31,135,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading may remain available until expended for satellite transmissions and Internet freedom programs, of which not less than $15,000,000 shall be for Internet freedom programs: Provided further , 
That of the total amount appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $35,000 may be used for representation expenses, of which $10,000 may be used for such expenses within the United States as authorized, and not to exceed $30,000 may be used for representation expenses of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty: Provided further , That the authority 
BBG broadcast hours previously justified to Congress, including changes to transmission platforms (shortwave, medium wave, satellite, Internet, and television), for all BBG language services shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , 
That in addition to funds made available under this heading, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, up to $5,000,000 in receipts from advertising and revenue from business ventures, up to $500,000 in receipts from cooperating international organizations, and up to $1,000,000 in receipts from privatization efforts of the Voice of America and the International Broadcasting Bureau, shall remain available until expended for carrying out authorized purposes. 
For the purchase, rent, construction, repair, preservation, and improvement of facilities for radio, television, and digital transmission and reception; the purchase, rent, and installation of necessary equipment for radio, television, and digital transmission and reception, including to Cuba, as authorized; and physical security worldwide, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, $4,800,000, to remain available until expended, as authorized. 
For a grant to The Asia Foundation, as authorized by The Asia Foundation Act (22 U.S.C. 4402), $17,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
States Institute of Peace, as authorized by the United States Institute of Peace Act (22 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.), $35,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, which shall not be used for construction activities. 
Middle EasternWestern Dialogue Trust Fund, as authorized by section 633 of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2004 (22 U.S.C. 2078), the total amount of the interest and earnings accruing to such Fund on or before September 30, 2016, to remain available until expended. 
For necessary expenses of Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships, Incorporated, as authorized by sections 4 and 5 of the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship Act of 1990 (20 U.S.C. 5204–5205), all interest and earnings accruing to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship Program Trust Fund on or before September 30, 2016, to remain available until expended: Provided , That none of the funds appropriated 
herein shall be used to pay any salary or other compensation, or to enter into any contract providing for the payment thereof, in excess of the rate authorized by section 5376 of title 5, United States Code; or for purposes which are not in accordance with section 200 of title 2 of the Code of Federal Regulations, including the restrictions on compensation for personal services. 
Scholarship Program, as authorized by section 214 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993 (22 U.S.C. 2452), all interest and earnings accruing to the Israeli Arab Scholarship Fund on or before September 30, 2016, to remain available until expended. 
for carrying out the provisions of the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West Act of 1960, by grant to the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West in the State of Hawaii, $16,700,000. 
State to the National Endowment for Democracy, as authorized by the National Endowment for Democracy Act (22 U.S.C. 4412), $170,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $117,500,000 shall be allocated in the traditional and customary manner, including for the core institutes, and $52,500,000 shall be for democracy programs. 
for the Preservation of America’s Heritage Abroad, $676,000, as authorized by chapter 3123 of title 54, United States Code: Provided , 
That such authority shall terminate on October 1, 2016: Provided further , That the Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations prior to exercising such authority. 
States Commission on International Religious Freedom, as authorized by title II of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431 et seq.), $3,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses. 
on Security and Cooperation in Europe, as authorized by Public Law 94–304, $2,579,000, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For necessary expenses of the CongressionalExecutive Commission on the People’s Republic of China, as authorized by title III of the U.S.China Relations Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 6911 et seq.), $2,000,000, including not more than $3,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
StatesChina Economic and Security Review Commission, as authorized by section 1238 of 
the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), $3,500,000, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That the authorities, requirements, 
limitations, and conditions contained in the second through sixth provisos under this heading in the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2016 and shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading as if included in this Act. 
provisions of section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $1,143,614,000, of which up to $171,542,000 may remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That none of 
the funds appropriated under this heading and under the heading ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ in this title may be made available to finance the construction (including architect and engineering services), purchase, or long term lease of offices for use by the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), unless the USAID Administrator has identified such proposed use of funds in a report submitted to the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days prior to the obligation of funds for such purposes: Provided further , That contracts or agreements entered into with funds appropriated under this heading may entail commitments for the expenditure of such funds through the following fiscal year: Provided further , 
That the authority of sections 610 and 109 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be exercised by the Secretary of State to transfer funds appropriated to carry out chapter 1 of part I of such Act to ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ in accordance with the provisions of those sections: Provided further , That of the 
funds appropriated or made available under this heading, not to exceed $250,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be available for entertainment expenses, and not to exceed $100,500 shall be for official residence expenses, for USAID during the current fiscal year. 
For necessary expenses for overseas construction and related costs, and for the procurement and enhancement of information technology and related capital investments, pursuant to section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $168,300,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That this 
amount is in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Provided further , 
That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
provisions of section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $66,000,000, of which up to $9,900,000 may remain available until September 30, 2017, for the Office of Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development. 
For necessary expenses to enable the President to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and for other purposes, as follows: 
paragraph may be made available for a United States contribution to the GAVI Alliance: Provided further , That none of the funds 
made available in this Act nor any unobligated balances from prior appropriations Acts may be made available to any organization or program which, as determined by the President of the United States, supports or participates in the management of a program of coercive abortion or involuntary sterilization: Provided further , That any determination made under the previous proviso must be made not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and must be accompanied by the evidence and criteria utilized to make the determination: Provided 
further , That none of the funds made available under this Act may be used to pay for the performance of abortion as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions: Provided further, That nothing in this paragraph shall be 
construed to alter any existing statutory prohibitions against abortion under section 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided further , That none of the funds made 
available under this Act may be used to lobby for or against abortion: Provided further, That in order to reduce reliance on 
natural family planning under section 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 no applicant shall be discriminated against because of such applicant’s religious or conscientious commitment to offer only natural family planning; and, additionally, all such applicants shall comply with the requirements of the previous proviso: Provided further , That 
for purposes of this or any other Act authorizing or appropriating funds for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, the term ‘‘motivate’’, as it relates to family planning assistance, shall not be construed to prohibit the provision, consistent with local law, of information or counseling about all pregnancy options: Provided further , That information provided 
about the use of condoms as part of projects or activities that are funded from amounts appropriated by this Act shall be medically accurate and shall include the public health benefits and failure rates of such use. 
carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for the prevention, treatment, and control of, and research on, HIV/ AIDS, $5,670,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, which shall be apportioned directly to the Department of State: Provided , That funds appropriated under this 
paragraph may be made available, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except for the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–25), as amended, for a United States contribution to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria (Global Fund), and shall be expended at the minimum rate necessary to make timely payment for projects and activities: Provided 
further , That the amount of such contribution should be $1,350,000,000: Provided further , 
the funds appropriated under this paragraph, up to $17,000,000 may be made available, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, for administrative expenses of the Office of the United States Global AIDS 
provisions of sections 103, 105, 106, 214, and sections 251 through 255, and chapter 10 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $2,780,971,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
provisions of section 491 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for international disaster relief, rehabilitation, and reconstruction assistance, $874,763,000, to remain available until expended. 
disaster rehabilitation and reconstruction assistance administered by the Office of Transition Initiatives, United States Agency for International Development (USAID), pursuant to section 491 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended, to support transition to democracy and longterm development of countries in crisis: Provided , That such support may include assistance to develop, strengthen, or preserve democratic institutions and processes, revitalize basic infrastructure, and foster the peaceful resolution of conflict: Provided further , That the USAID 
Administrator shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days prior to beginning a new program of assistance: Provided further , That if the Secretary of State determines that it is important to the national interest of the United States to provide transition assistance in excess of the amount appropriated under this heading, up to $15,000,000 of the funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be used for purposes of this heading and under the authorities applicable to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further , That funds made available pursuant to the previous proviso shall be made available subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. 
provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to support programs and activities to prevent or respond to emerging or unforeseen foreign challenges and complex crises overseas, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available on such terms and conditions as are appropriate and necessary for the purposes of preventing or responding to such challenges and crises, except that no funds shall be made available for lethal assistance or to respond to natural disasters: Provided 
heading may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law, except sections 7007, 7008, and 7018 of this Act and section 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided further , That funds appropriated under this heading may be used for administrative expenses, in addition to funds otherwise made available for such purposes, except that such expenses may not exceed 5 percent of the funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further , That funds appropriated under this heading shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, except that such notifications shall be transmitted at least 5 days prior to the obligation of funds. 
For the cost of direct loans and loan guarantees provided by the United States Agency 
(relating to general provisions applicable to the Development Credit Authority) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as contained in section 306 of H.R. 1486 as reported by the House Committee on International Relations on May 9, 1997, shall be applicable to direct loans and loan guarantees provided under this heading, except that the principal amount of loans made or guaranteed under this heading with respect to any single country shall not exceed $300,000,000: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any portion of which is to be guaranteed, of up to $1,500,000,000. 
carry out credit programs administered by USAID, $8,120,000, which may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available under the heading ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ in title II of this Act: Provided , That funds 
made available under this heading shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
provisions of chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $1,896,315,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for the promotion of democracy globally, $150,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which $88,500,000 shall be made available for the Human Rights and Democracy Fund of the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor, Department of State, and $62,000,000 shall be made available for the Bureau for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, United States Agency for International Development. 
‘‘Global Health Programs’’ and ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ that are made available for assistance for such countries shall be administered in accordance with the responsibilities of the coordinator designated pursuant to section 102 of Public Law 102–511 and section 601 of Public Law 101–179: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this 
heading shall be considered to be economic assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for purposes of making available the administrative authorities contained in that Act for the use of economic assistance. 
provisions of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), including the purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles for administrative purposes for use outside of the United States, $410,000,000, of which $5,150,000 is for the Office of Inspector General, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That the Director of the Peace Corps 
may transfer to the Foreign Currency Fluctuations Account, as authorized by section 16 of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2515), an amount not to exceed $5,000,000: Provided further, That funds transferred pursuant to the 
previous proviso may not be derived from amounts made available for Peace Corps overseas operations: Provided further , That of 
the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $104,000 may be available for representation expenses, of which not to exceed $4,000 may be made available for entertainment expenses: Provided further , That 
appropriated under this heading shall be used to pay for abortions: Provided further , 
That notwithstanding the previous proviso, section 614 of division E of Public Law 113–76 shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading. 
provisions of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) (MCA), 
$901,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of the funds appropriated under this heading, up to $105,000,000 may be available for administrative expenses of the Millennium Challenge Corporation (the Corporation): Provided further , That up 
to 5 percent of the funds appropriated under this heading may be made available to carry out the purposes of section 616 of the MCA for fiscal year 2016: Provided further , That 
this heading may be made available for a Millennium Challenge Compact entered into pursuant to section 609 of the MCA only if such Compact obligates, or contains a commitment to obligate subject to the availability of funds and the mutual agreement of the parties to the Compact to proceed, the entire amount of the United States Government funding anticipated for the duration of the Compact: Provided further , That the Chief 
Executive Officer of the Corporation shall notify the Committees on Appropriations not later than 15 days prior to commencing negotiations for any country compact or threshold country program; signing any such compact or threshold program; or terminating or suspending any such compact or threshold program: Provided further , That 
should be eligible for a threshold program after such country has completed a country compact: Provided further , That any funds 
that are deobligated from a Millennium Challenge Compact shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations prior to reobligation: Provided further , That notwithstanding 
That any Millennium Challenge Corporation candidate country under section 606 of the MCA with a per capita income that changes in the fiscal year such that the country would be reclassified from a low income country to a lower middle income country or from a lower middle income country to a low income country shall retain its candidacy status in its former income classification for the fiscal year and the 2 subsequent fiscal years: Provided further , That publication in 
foreign operations, and related programs shall be available for a threshold program in a country that is not currently a candidate country: Provided further , That the Comptroller General of the United States shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a review of authorities that may allow the Millennium Challenge Corporation to obligate funds that are unobligated from prior fiscal years for compacts in countries that are not eligible for a compact in the current fiscal year: Provided further , That 
such review shall include an assessment as set forth in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this Consolidated Act): Provided 
heading shall be used on a reimbursable basis for such review: Provided further , That of the 
funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $100,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be available for entertainment expenses. 
functions of the InterAmerican Foundation in accordance with the provisions of section 401 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1969, $22,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That of the funds 
appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $2,000 may be available for representation expenses. 
of the International Security and Development Cooperation Act of 1980 (Public Law 96– 533), $30,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which not to exceed $2,000 may be available for representation expenses: Provided , That funds made available 
to grantees may be invested pending expenditure for project purposes when authorized by the Board of Directors of the United States African Development Foundation (USADF): Provided further, That interest 
earned shall be used only for the purposes for which the grant was made: Provided further, 
shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations after each time such waiver authority is exercised: Provided further , That 
the USADF may make rent or lease payments in advance from appropriations available for such purpose for offices, buildings, grounds, and quarters in Africa as may be necessary to carry out its functions: Provided 
accounts outside the United States Treasury and retain any interest earned on such accounts, in furtherance of the purposes of the African Foundation Development Act: Provided further , That the USADF may not withdraw any appropriation from the Treasury prior to the need of spending such funds for program purposes. 
provisions of section 129 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $23,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, which shall be available notwithstanding any other provision of law. TITLE IV 
That not less than $54,975,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, which shall be available for the same purposes as funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further , That funds made 
For necessary expenses for nonproliferation, antiterrorism, demining and related programs and activities, $506,381,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to carry out the provisions of chapter 8 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for antiterrorism assistance, chapter 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 504 of the FREEDOM Support Act, section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act, or the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for demining activities, the clearance of unexploded ordnance, the destruction of small arms, and related activities, notwithstanding any other provision of law, including activities implemented through nongovernmental and international organizations, and section 301 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for a United States contribution to the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Preparatory Commission, and for a voluntary contribution to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA): Provided , 
That the Secretary of State shall inform the appropriate congressional committees of information regarding any separate arrangements relating to the ‘‘Roadmap for the 
Clarification of Past and Present Outstanding Issues Regarding Iran’s Nuclear Program’’ between the IAEA and the Islamic Republic of Iran, in classified form if necessary, if such information becomes known to the Department of State: Provided further , 
That for the clearance of unexploded ordnance, the Secretary of State should prioritize those areas where such ordnance was caused by the United States: Provided 
heading for the Nonproliferation and Disarmament Fund shall be available notwithstanding any other provision of law and subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations, to promote bilateral and multilateral activities relating to nonproliferation, disarmament, and weapons destruction, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That such funds 
may also be used for such countries other than the Independent States of the former Soviet Union and international organizations when it is in the national security interest of the United States to do so: Provided 
heading may be made available for the IAEA unless the Secretary of State determines that Israel is being denied its right to participate in the activities of that Agency: Provided further , That funds made available 
under this heading for the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , 
That funds made available for conventional weapons destruction programs, including demining and related activities, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, may be used for administrative expenses related to the operation and management of such programs and activities, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
provisions of section 551 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $131,361,000: Provided , 
That funds appropriated under this heading may be used, notwithstanding section 660 of such Act, to provide assistance to enhance the capacity of foreign civilian security forces, including gendarmes, to participate in peacekeeping operations: Provided further , 
That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $35,000,000 shall be made available for a United States contribution to the Multinational Force and Observers mission in the Sinai: Provided further , 
That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be obligated except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
provisions of section 541 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $108,115,000, of which up to $4,000,000 may remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That the civilian 
personnel for whom military education and training may be provided under this heading may include civilians who are not members of a government whose participation would contribute to improved civilmilitary relations, civilian control of the military, or respect for human rights: Provided further , 
That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $55,000 may be available for entertainment expenses. 
For necessary expenses for grants to enable the President to carry out the provisions of section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act, $4,737,522,000: Provided , That to expedite the provision of assistance to foreign countries and international organizations, the Secretary of State, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations and subject to the regular notification procedures of such Committees, may use the funds appropriated under this heading to procure defense articles and services to enhance the capacity of foreign security forces: Provided 
this heading, not less than $3,100,000,000 shall be available for grants only for Israel, and funds are available for assistance for Jordan and Egypt subject to section 7041 of this Act: Provided further , That the funds appropriated 
under this heading for assistance for Israel shall be disbursed within 30 days of enactment of this Act: Provided further , That to 
the extent that the Government of Israel requests that funds be used for such purposes, grants made available for Israel under this heading shall, as agreed by the United States and Israel, be available for advanced weapons systems, of which not less than $815,300,000 shall be available for the procurement in Israel of defense articles and defense services, including research and development: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available under this heading shall be made available to support or continue any program initially funded under the authority of section 1206 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 119 Stat. 3456), or section 2282 of title 10, United States Code, unless the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, has justified such program to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , That funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading shall be nonrepayable notwithstanding any requirement in section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act: Provided further , 
this heading shall be available to finance the procurement of defense articles, defense services, or design and construction services that are not sold by the United States Government under the Arms Export Control Act unless the foreign country proposing to make such procurement has first signed an agreement with the United States Government specifying the conditions under which such procurement may be financed with such funds: Provided , That all country and funding 
level increases in allocations shall be submitted through the regular notification procedures of section 7015 of this Act: Provided 
heading may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for demining, the clearance of unexploded ordnance, and related activities, and may include activities implemented through nongovernmental and international organizations: Provided further , 
That only those countries for which assistance was justified for the ‘‘Foreign Military Sales Financing Program’’ in the fiscal year 1989 congressional presentation for security assistance programs may utilize funds made available under this heading for procurement of defense articles, defense services, or design and construction services that are not sold by the United States Government under the Arms Export Control Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this 
heading shall be expended at the minimum rate necessary to make timely payment for defense articles and services: Provided further, That not more than $75,000,000 of the 
funds appropriated under this heading may be obligated for necessary expenses, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only for use outside of the United States, for the general costs of administering military assistance and sales, except that this limitation may be exceeded only through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , That of the funds made 
available under this heading for general costs of administering military assistance and sales, not to exceed $4,000 may be available for entertainment expenses and not to exceed $130,000 may be available for representation expenses: Provided further , That not 
Reconstruction and Development as trustee for the Global Environment Facility by the Secretary of the Treasury, $168,263,000, to remain available until expended. 
For payment to the International Development Association by the Secretary of the Treasury, $1,197,128,000, to remain available until expended. 
Reconstruction and Development by the Secretary of the Treasury for the United States share of the paidin portion of the increases in capital stock, $186,957,000, to remain available until expended. 
The United States Governor of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development may subscribe without fiscal year limitation to the callable capital portion of the United States share of increases in capital stock in an amount not to exceed $2,928,990,899. 
Reconstruction and Development as trustee for the Clean Technology Fund by the Secretary of the Treasury, $170,680,000, to remain available until expended. 
Reconstruction and Development as trustee for the Strategic Climate Fund by the Secretary of the Treasury, $49,900,000, to remain available until expended. 
For payment to the InterAmerican Development Bank by the Secretary of the Treasury for the United States share of the paid in portion of the increase in capital stock, $102,020,448, to remain available until expended. 
American Development Bank may subscribe without fiscal year limitation to the callable capital portion of the United States share of such capital stock in an amount not to exceed $4,098,794,833. 
Bank by the Secretary of the Treasury for the United States share of the paidin portion of increase in capital stock, $5,608,435, to remain available until expended. 
Bank’s Asian Development Fund by the Secretary of the Treasury, $104,977,000, to remain available until expended. 
Bank by the Secretary of the Treasury for the United States share of the paidin portion of the increase in capital stock, $34,118,027, to remain available until expended. 
Development Bank may subscribe without fiscal year limitation to the callable capital portion of the United States share of such capital stock in an amount not to exceed $507,860,808. 
Fund by the Secretary of the Treasury, $175,668,000, to remain available until expended. 
Agricultural Development by the Secretary of the Treasury, $31,930,000, to remain available until expended. 
Food Security Program by the Secretary of the Treasury, $43,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
For payment to the North American Development Bank by the Secretary of the Treasury for the United States share of the paid in portion of the increase in capital stock, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
The Secretary of the Treasury may subscribe without fiscal year limitation to the callable capital portion of the United States share of such capital stock in an amount not to exceed $255,000,000. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $6,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
United States is authorized to make such expenditures within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to such corporation, and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by section 104 of the Government Corporation Control Act, as may be necessary in carrying out the program for the current fiscal year for such corporation: Provided, That 
none of the funds available during the current fiscal year may be used to make expenditures, contracts, or commitments for the export of nuclear equipment, fuel, or technology to any country, other than a nuclear weapon state as defined in Article IX of the Treaty on the NonProliferation of Nuclear Weapons eligible to receive economic or military assistance under this Act, that has detonated a nuclear explosive after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
the direct and guaranteed loan and insurance programs, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and not to exceed $30,000 for official reception and representation expenses for members of the Board of Directors, not to exceed $106,250,000: Provided , That the ExportImport Bank (the Bank) may accept, and use, payment or services provided by transaction participants for legal, financial, or technical services in connection with any transaction for which an application for a loan, guarantee or insurance commitment has been made: Provided further , That the Bank shall 
charge fees for necessary expenses (including special services performed on a contract or fee basis, but not including other personal services) in connection with the collection of moneys owed the Bank, repossession or sale of pledged collateral or other assets acquired by the Bank in satisfaction of moneys owed the Bank, or the investigation or appraisal of any property, or the evaluation of the legal, financial, or technical aspects of any transaction for which an application for a loan, guarantee or insurance commitment has been made, or systems infrastructure directly supporting transactions: Provided further, That in addition to other funds appropriated for administrative expenses, such fees shall be credited to this account for such purposes, to remain available until expended. 
Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended, and the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, as amended, in an amount not to exceed the amount appropriated herein, shall be credited as offsetting collections to this account: Provided , That the sums herein appropriated 
from the General Fund shall be reduced on a dollarfordollar basis by such offsetting collections so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the General Fund estimated at $0: Provided further , That amounts 
collected in fiscal year 2016 in excess of obligations, up to $10,000,000 shall become available on September 1, 2016, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019. OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  
The Overseas Private Investment Corporation is authorized to make, without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, such expenditures and commitments within the limits of funds available to it and in accordance with law as may be necessary: Provided, 
That the amount available for administrative expenses to carry out the credit and insurance programs (including an amount for official reception and representation expenses which shall not exceed $35,000) shall not exceed $62,787,000: Provided further, That 
projectspecific transaction costs, including direct and indirect costs incurred in claims settlements, and other direct costs associated with services provided to specific investors or potential investors pursuant to section 234 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, shall not be considered administrative expenses for the purposes of this heading. 
loans, $20,000,000, as authorized by section 234 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, to be derived by transfer from the Overseas Private Investment Corporation Noncredit Account: Provided, That such costs, including 
the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That 
such sums shall be available for direct loan obligations and loan guaranty commitments incurred or made during fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018: Provided further, That funds so 
obligated in fiscal year 2016 remain available for disbursement through 2024; funds obligated in fiscal year 2017 remain available for disbursement through 2025; and funds obligated in fiscal year 2018 remain available for disbursement through 2026: Provided further, 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation is authorized to undertake any program authorized by title IV of chapter 2 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 in Iraq: Provided further, That funds made 
available pursuant to the authority of the previous proviso shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
for administrative expenses to carry out the credit program may be derived from amounts available for administrative expenses to carry out the credit and insurance programs in the Overseas Private Investment Corporation Noncredit Account and merged with said account. 
provisions of section 661 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $60,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , 
That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $2,500,000 may be made available to provide comprehensive procurement advice to foreign governments to support local procurements funded by the United States Agency for International Development, the Millennium Challenge Corporation, and the Department of State: Provided further , That of the funds appropriated 
under this heading, not more than $5,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses. 
United States Government to which funds are appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations a quarterly accounting of cumulative unobligated balances and obligated, but unexpended, balances by program, project, and activity, and Treasury Account Fund Symbol of all funds received by such department or agency in fiscal year 2016 or any previous fiscal year, disaggregated by fiscal year: Provided , That the report required by this section should specify by account the amount of funds obligated pursuant to bilateral agreements which have not been further subobligated. 
Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, which may be made available for the acquisition of property or award of construction contracts for overseas diplomatic facilities during fiscal year 2016, shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided , That notifications pursuant to this 
subsection shall include the information enumerated under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance’’ in 
any such notification for a new diplomatic facility justified to the Committees on Appropriations in Appendix 1 of the Congressional Budget Justification, Department of State, Diplomatic Engagement, Fiscal Year 2016, or not previously justified to such Committees, shall also include confirmation that the Department of State has completed the requisite value engineering studies required pursuant to OMB Circular A–131, Value Engineering December 31, 2013 and the Bureau of Overseas Building Operations Policy and Procedure Directive, P&PD, Cost 02: Value Engineering. 
the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance’’ in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, made available through Federal agency Capital Security Cost Sharing contributions and reimbursements, or generated from the proceeds of real property sales, other than from real property sales located in London, United Kingdom, may be made available for site acquisition and mitigation, planning, design, or construction of the New London Embassy: Provided , That the 
and every 4 months thereafter until September 30, 2016, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report on the new Mexico City Embassy and Beirut Embassy projects: Provided , That 
such report shall include, for each of the projects— 
be derived from, real property sales in Mexico City, Mexico for the embassy project in Mexico City and in Beirut, Lebanon for the embassy project in Beirut; and 
project in the event that costs escalate above amounts justified to the Committees on Appropriations in Appendix 1 of the Congressional Budget Justification, Department of State Operations, Fiscal Year 2015 for the Mexico City Embassy project, and in Appendix 1 of the Congressional Budget Justification, Department of State, Diplomatic Engagement, Fiscal Year 2016 for the Beirut Embassy project. 
the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance’’ may be made available to address security vulnerabilities at interim and temporary facilities abroad, including physical security upgrades and local guard staffing, except that the amount of funds made available for such purposes from this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be a minimum of $25,000,000: Provided , That the 
uses of such funds should be the responsibility of the Assistant Secretary of State for the Bureau of Diplomatic Security and Foreign Missions, in consultation with the Director of the Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations: Provided further , That such funds 
law, the opening, closure, or any significant modification to an interim or temporary diplomatic facility shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, except that such consultation and notification may be waived if there is a security risk to personnel. 
of this Act, the Department of State shall document standard operating procedures and best practices associated with the delivery, construction, and protection of temporary structures in high threat and conflict environments: Provided , That the Secretary of 
State shall inform the Committees on Appropriations after completing such documentation. 
such transfer authority is in addition to any transfer authority otherwise available under any other provision of law. 
That the authority to transfer funds between appropriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addition to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further , That use of funds to 
carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 7015 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
section shall apply to any options for renewal that may be exercised under such contracts that are awarded during the current fiscal year: Provided further , That the Secretary shall notify the appropriate congressional committees at least 15 days prior to making an award pursuant to this section for a local guard and protective service contract for a United States diplomatic facility not deemed ‘‘highrisk, highthreat’’. 
or otherwise made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act shall be obligated or expended to finance directly any assistance or reparations for the governments of Cuba, North Korea, Iran, or Syria: Provided , That for purposes of this section, the 
prohibition on obligations or expenditures shall include direct loans, credits, insurance, and guarantees of the ExportImport Bank or its agents. 
or otherwise made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act shall be obligated or expended to finance directly any assistance to the government of any country whose duly elected head of government is deposed by military coup d’e ´tat or decree or, 
after the date of enactment of this Act, a coup d’e ´tat or decree in which the military 
plays a decisive role: Provided , That assistance may be resumed to such government if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that subsequent to the termination of assistance a democratically elected government has taken office: Provided further , That the 
provisions of this section shall not apply to assistance to promote democratic elections or public participation in democratic processes: Provided further , That funds made 
available pursuant to the previous provisos shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation other than for administrative expenses made available for fiscal year 2016, for programs under title VI of this Act may be transferred between such appropriations for use for any of the purposes, programs, and activities for which the funds in such receiving account may be used, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 25 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the exercise of 
such authority shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
titles II through V of this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. 
of the funds made available under titles II through V of this Act may be obligated under an appropriation account to which such funds were not appropriated, except for transfers specifically provided for in this Act, unless the President, not less than 5 days prior to the exercise of any authority contained in the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to transfer funds, consults with and provides a written policy justification to the Committees on Appropriations. 
to the Committees on Appropriations by the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate: Provided further , That funds transferred under such authority may be made available for the cost of such audits. 
shall include a list of each transfer made pursuant to such sections with the respective funding level, appropriation account, and the receiving agency. 
in this Act may be used for firstclass travel by employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 
through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 
contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation after the expiration of the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided in this Act: Provided, That funds appropriated for the purposes of chapters 1 and 8 of part I, section 661, chapters 4, 5, 6, 8, and 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act, and funds provided under the headings ‘‘Development Credit Authority’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ shall remain available for an additional 4 years from the date on which the availability of such funds would otherwise have expired, if such funds are initially obligated before the expiration of their respective periods of availability contained in this Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding 
any other provision of this Act, any funds made available for the purposes of chapter 1 of part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 which are allocated or obligated for cash disbursements in order to address balance of payments or economic policy reform objectives, shall remain available for an additional 4 years from the date on which the availability of such funds would otherwise have expired, if such funds are initially allocated or obligated before the expiration of their respective periods of availability contained in this Act: Provided 
provide a report to the Committees on Appropriations not later than October 30, 2016, detailing by account and source year, the use of this authority during the previous fiscal year. 
None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be made available to provide assistance for a foreign country under a new bilateral agreement governing the terms and conditions under which such assistance is to be provided unless such agreement includes a provision stating that assistance provided by the United States shall be exempt from taxation, or reimbursed, by the foreign government, and the Secretary of State shall expeditiously seek to negotiate amendments to existing bilateral agreements, as necessary, to conform with this requirement. 
An amount equivalent to 200 percent of the total taxes assessed during fiscal year 2016 on funds appropriated by this Act by a foreign government or entity against United States assistance programs for which funds are appropriated by this Act, either directly or through grantees, contractors, and subcontractors shall be withheld from obligation from funds appropriated for assistance for fiscal year 2017 and allocated for the central government of such country and for the 
West Bank and Gaza program to the extent that the Secretary of State certifies and reports in writing to the Committees on Appropriations, not later than September 30, 2017, that such taxes have not been reimbursed to the Government of the United States. 
apply to any country or entity if the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appropriations that— 
taxes on United States assistance or has an effective arrangement that is providing substantial reimbursement of such taxes; or 
United States outweigh the purpose of this section to ensure that United States assistance is not subject to taxation. 
with the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days prior to exercising the authority of this subsection with regard to any country or entity. 
State shall issue rules, regulations, or policy guidance, as appropriate, to implement the prohibition against the taxation of assistance contained in this section. 
to a framework bilateral agreement between the Government of the United States and the government of the country receiving assistance that describes the privileges and immunities applicable to United States foreign assistance for such country generally, or an individual agreement between the Government of the United States and such government that describes, among other things, the treatment for tax purposes that will be accorded the United States assistance provided under that agreement; and 
consultation with the heads of other relevant departments or agencies, shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations, not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act, detailing steps taken by such departments or agencies to comply with 
any such reprogramming shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That assistance that is reprogrammed 
pursuant to this subsection shall be made available under the same terms and conditions as originally provided. 
funds appropriated by this Act and administered by the Department of State or the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) that are specifically designated for particular programs or activities by this or any other Act may be extended for an additional fiscal year if the Secretary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, determines and reports promptly to the Committees on Appropriations that the termination of assistance to a country or a significant change in circumstances makes it unlikely that such designated funds can be obligated during the original period of availability: Provided , That such designated funds 
that continue to be available for an additional fiscal year shall be obligated only for the purpose of such designation. 
designated funding levels contained in this Act shall not be applicable to funds or authorities appropriated or otherwise made available by any subsequent Act unless such Act specifically so directs: Provided , That 
specifically designated funding levels or minimum funding requirements contained in any other Act shall not be applicable to funds appropriated by this Act. 
of the funds made available in titles I and II of this Act, or in prior appropriations Acts to the agencies and departments funded by this Act that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2016, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees or of currency reflows or other offsetting collections, or made available by transfer, to the agencies and departments funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation to— 
unless previously justified to the Committees on Appropriations or such Committees are notified 15 days in advance of such obligation. 
FUNDS .—None of the funds provided under titles I and II of this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agency or department funded under titles I and II of this Act that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2016, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agency or department funded under title I of this Act, shall be available for obligation 
or expenditure for activities, programs, or projects through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $1,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— 
existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Congress; or 
the funds made available by this Act under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘International Organizations and Programs’’, ‘‘Trade and Development Agency’’, ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’, ‘‘Nonproliferation, Antiterrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘Millennium Challenge Corporation’’, ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, ‘‘International Military Education and Training’’, and ‘‘Peace Corps’’, shall be available for obligation for activities, programs, projects, type of materiel assistance, countries, or other operations not justified or in excess of the amount justified to the Committees on Appropriations for obligation under any of these specific headings unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance: Provided , That 
the President shall not enter into any commitment of funds appropriated for the purposes of section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act for the provision of major defense equipment, other than conventional ammunition, or other major defense items defined to be aircraft, ships, missiles, or combat vehicles, not previously justified to Congress or 20 percent in excess of the quantities justified to Congress unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such commitment: Provided further , 
That requirements of this subsection or any similar provision of this or any other Act shall not apply to any reprogramming for an activity, program, or project for which funds 
are appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act of less than 10 percent of the amount previously justified to Congress for obligation for such activity, program, or project for the current fiscal year: Provided 
of assistance it becomes necessary to rely on notwithstanding authority, the Committees on Appropriations should be informed at the earliest opportunity and to the extent practicable. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, with the exception of funds transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under title I of this Act, funds transferred by the Department of Defense to the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development for assistance for foreign countries and international organizations, and funds made available for programs previously authorized under section 1206 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163) or section 2282 of title 10, United States Code, shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
in case of any such waiver, notification to the Committees on Appropriations shall be provided as early as practicable, but in no event later than 3 days after taking the action to which such notification requirement was applicable, in the context of the circumstances necessitating such waiver: Provided further , That any notification provided 
None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance for Afghanistan, Bahrain, Bolivia, Burma, Cambodia, Colombia, Cuba, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, Mexico, Pakistan, the Russian Federation, Somalia, South Sudan, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Syria, Uzbekistan, Venezuela, Yemen, and Zimbabwe except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
such Committees shall also be informed of the original acquisition cost of such defense articles. 
to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the performance of abortions as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the performance of involuntary sterilization as a method of family planning or to coerce or provide any financial incentive to any person to undergo sterilizations. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for any biomedical research which relates in whole or in part, to methods of, or the performance of, abortions or involuntary sterilization as a means of family planning. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign 
obligated or expended for any country or organization if the President certifies that the use of these funds by any such country or organization would violate any of the above provisions related to abortions and involuntary sterilizations. 
percentage may be exceeded only to respond to significant, exigent, or unforeseen events, or to address other exceptional circumstances directly related to the national interest: Provided further , That deviations 
pursuant to the previous proviso shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. 
that are substantially of a recreational character, including but not limited to entrance fees at sporting events, theatrical and musical productions, and amusement parks. 
this section with respect to a foreign government shall terminate 12 months after that government ceases to provide such military equipment: Provided further , That this section applies with respect to lethal military equipment provided under a contract entered into after October 1, 1997. 
bilateral assistance in titles III through VI of this Act and funds appropriated under any such title in prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall not be made available to any foreign government which the President determines— 
any individual or group which has committed an act of international terrorism; 
publish each such waiver in the Federal Register and, at least 15 days before the waiver takes effect, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the waiver (including the justification for the waiver) in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
through VI of this Act ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall be defined at the appropriations Act account level and shall include all appropriations and authorizations Acts funding directives, ceilings, and limitations with the exception that for the following accounts: ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall also be considered to include country, regional, and central program level funding within each such account; and for the development assistance accounts of the United States Agency for International Development, ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall also be considered to include central, country, regional, and program level funding, either as— 
contrary, provisions of this or any other Act, including provisions contained in prior Acts authorizing or making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall not be construed to prohibit activities authorized by or conducted under the Peace Corps Act, the Inter American Foundation Act or the African Development Foundation Act: Provided , That 
prior to conducting activities in a country for which assistance is prohibited, the agency shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations and report to such Committees within 15 days of taking such action. 
the funds appropriated or made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act for direct assistance and none of the funds otherwise made available to the ExportImport Bank and the Overseas Private Investment Corporation shall be obligated or expended to finance any loan, any assistance, or any other financial commitments for establishing or expanding production of any commodity for export by any country other than the United States, if the commodity is likely to be in surplus on world markets at the time the resulting productive capacity is expected to become operative and if the assistance will cause substantial injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity: Provided , That 
such prohibition shall not apply to the ExportImport Bank if in the judgment of its Board of Directors the benefits to industry and employment in the United States are likely to outweigh the injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity, and the Chairman of the Board so notifies the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , That this subsection shall not prohibit— 
for assistance from the International Development Association, is not eligible for assistance from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and does not export on a consistent basis the agricultural commodity with respect to which assistance is furnished; or 
the United States: Provided , That this subsection shall not prohibit— 
for assistance from the International Development Association, is not eligible for assistance from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and does not export on a consistent basis the agricultural commodity with respect to which assistance is furnished; or 
to the government of a foreign country under chapters 1 and 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 under agreements which result in the generation of local currencies of that country, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) shall— 
the currencies so deposited may be utilized, consistent with this section; and 
chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (as the case may be), for such purposes as— 
country under chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance 
available to the government of a foreign country, under chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as cash transfer assistance or as nonproject sector assistance, that country shall be required to maintain such funds in a separate account and not commingle with any other funds. 
LAW.—Such funds may be obligated and expended notwithstanding provisions of law which are inconsistent with the nature of this assistance including provisions which are referenced in the Joint Explanatory Statement of the Committee of Conference accompanying House Joint Resolution 648 (House Report No. 98–1159). 
obligating any such cash transfer or nonproject sector assistance, the President shall submit a notification through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, which shall include a detailed description of how the funds proposed to be made available will be used, with a discussion of the United States interests that will be served by the assistance (including, as appropriate, a description of the economic policy reforms that will be promoted by such assistance). 
2016, restrictions contained in this or any other Act with respect to assistance for a 
country shall not be construed to restrict assistance under the Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480): Provided , That none of the 
funds appropriated to carry out title I of such Act and made available pursuant to this subsection may be obligated or expended except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available to the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) may only be made available for limited competitions through local entities if— 
effectively implement, manage, and account for programs included in such competition; and 
determined to be responsible in accordance with USAID guidelines; and 
systems are in place to ensure that award funding is used for its intended purposes; and 
the requirements of this subsection shall only apply to awards in excess of $3,000,000 and sole source awards to local entities in excess of $2,000,000. 
State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2012 (division I of Public Law 112–74) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2016, as amended by the 
Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113–76). 
The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that such institution adopts and implements a publicly available policy, including the strategic use of peer reviews and external experts, to conduct independent, in depth evaluations of the effectiveness of at least 25 percent of all loans, grants, programs, and significant analytical nonlending activities in advancing the institution’s goals of reducing poverty and promoting equitable economic growth, consistent with relevant safeguards, to ensure that decisions to support such loans, grants, programs, and activities are based on accurate data and objective analysis: Provided , That not later 
the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations on steps taken by the United States executive directors and the international financial institutions consistent with this subsection. 
Treasury shall instruct the United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the International Development Association to vote against any loan, grant, policy, or strategy if such institution has adopted and is implementing any social or environmental safeguard relevant to such loan, grant, policy, or strategy that provides less protection than World Bank safeguards in effect on September 30, 2015. 
Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that such institution conducts rigorous human rights due diligence and risk management, as appropriate, in connection with any loan, grant, policy, or strategy of such institution: Provided , That prior to voting on any such 
loan, grant, policy, or strategy the executive director shall consult with the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, if the executive director has reason to believe that such loan, grant, policy, or strategy could result in forced displacement or other violation of human rights. 
of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to promote in loan, grant, and other financing agreements improvements in borrowing countries’ financial management and judicial capacity to investigate, prosecute, and punish fraud and corruption. 
The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that such institution collects, verifies, and publishes, to the maximum extent practicable, beneficial ownership information (excluding proprietary information) for any corporation or limited liability company, other than a publicly listed company, that receives funds appropriated by this Act that are provided as payment to such institution: Provided , That not later than 180 days 
after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations on steps taken by the United States executive directors and the international financial institutions consistent with this subsection. 
Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that each such institution is effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures which reflect best practices 
for the protection of whistleblowers from retaliation, including best practices for— 
this Act may be made available for direct governmenttogovernment assistance only if— 
(ii) the recipient agency or ministry employs and utilizes staff with the necessary technical, financial, and management capabilities; 
systems are in place to ensure that such assistance is used for its intended purposes; 
(vi) the government of the recipient country is taking steps to publicly disclose on an annual basis its national budget, to include income and expenditures; 
headed or controlled by an organization designated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act; 
and the government of the recipient country have agreed, in writing, on clear and achievable objectives for the use of such assistance, which should be made available on a costreimbursable basis; and 
steps to protect the rights of civil society, including freedoms of expression, association, and assembly. 
paragraph shall only apply to direct governmenttogovernment assistance in excess of $10,000,000 and all funds available for cash transfer, budget support, and cash payments to individuals. 
the enactment of this Act and 6 months thereafter until September 30, 2016, the USAID Administrator shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report that— 
mechanism utilized and whether the assistance was provided on a reimbursable basis. 
None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for any foreign country for debt service payments owed by any country to any international financial institution: Provided , That for purposes of this paragraph, 
the Secretary shall identify the significant progress made by each such government to publicly disclose national budget documentation, contracts, and licenses which are 
previous fiscal years, and include specific recommendations of short and longterm steps such government should take to improve fiscal transparency: Provided further , 
That the annual report shall include a detailed description of how funds appropriated by this Act are being used to improve fiscal transparency, and identify benchmarks for measuring progress. 
That such sums shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available for such purposes: Provided further , That a description of the 
governments and their immediate family members about whom the Secretary of State has credible information have been involved in significant corruption, including corruption related to the extraction of natural resources, or a gross violation of human rights shall be ineligible for entry into the United States. 
be construed to derogate from United States Government obligations under applicable international agreements. 
this Act shall be made available to promote and support transparency and accountability of expenditures and revenues related to the extraction of natural resources, including by 
strengthening implementation and monitoring of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, implementing and enforcing section 8204 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2052) and to prevent the sale of conflict diamonds, and provide technical assistance to promote independent audit mechanisms and support civil society participation in natural resource management. 
disclosure of payments to the host government by companies involved in the extraction and export of natural resources; 
receiving such payments and public disclosure of the findings of such audits; and 
Host Government Agreements, Concession Agreements, and bidding documents, allowing in any such dissemination or disclosure for the redaction of, or exceptions for, information that is commercially proprietary or that would create competitive disadvantage. 
shall not apply to assistance for the purpose of building the capacity of such government to meet the requirements of this subparagraph. 
appropriated by this Act under titles I and II, and funds made available for any independent agency in title III, as appropriate, shall be made available to support the provision of additional information on United States Government foreign assistance on the Department of State foreign assistance Web site: Provided , That all Federal agencies 
funded under this Act shall provide such information on foreign assistance, upon request, to the Department of State. 
not less than $2,308,517,000 shall be made available for democracy programs. 
under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $32,000,000 shall be made available for the Near East Regional Democracy program. 
this Act for democracy programs may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law, and with regard to the National Endowment for Democracy (NED), any regulation. 
For purposes of funds appropriated by this Act, the term ‘‘democracy programs’’ means programs that support good governance, credible and competitive elections, freedom of expression, association, assembly, and religion, human rights, labor rights, independent media, and the rule of law, and that otherwise strengthen the capacity of democratic political parties, governments, nongovernmental organizations and institutions, and citizens to support the development of democratic states, and institutions 
available pursuant to this section that are made available for programs to strengthen government institutions shall be prioritized for those institutions that demonstrate a commitment to democracy and the rule of law, as determined by the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), as appropriate. 
respect to the provision of assistance for democracy programs in this Act, the organizations implementing such assistance, the specific nature of that assistance, and the participants in such programs shall not be subject to the prior approval by the government of any foreign country: Provided , That the 
Secretary of State, in coordination with the USAID Administrator, shall report to the Committees on Appropriations, not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, detailing steps taken by the Department of State and USAID to comply with the requirements of this subsection. 
90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator, following consultation with democracy program implementing partners, shall each establish guidelines for clarifying program design and objectives for democracy programs, including the uses of contracts versus grants and cooperative agreements in the conduct of democracy programs carried out with funds appropriated by this Act: Provided , 
That such guidelines, which shall be made available to all relevant agency personnel, shall be in accordance with— 
(title XXI of Public Law 110–53; 22 U.S.C. 8201 et seq.), including the foreign policy objectives contained therein; and 
United States Code, regarding the selection of contracts and assistance instruments. 
USAID shall continue to implement civil society and political competition and consensus building programs abroad with funds appropriated by this Act in a manner that recognizes the unique benefits of grants and cooperative agreements in implementing such programs: Provided , That nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to affect the ability of any entity, including United States small businesses, from competing for proposals for USAIDfunded civil society and political competition and consensus building programs. 
2017, the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall each submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report detailing the use of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements in the conduct of democracy programs with funds made available by the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), which shall include funding level, account, program sector and subsector, and a brief summary of purpose. 
program, including a specific plan and timeline to measure impacts; 
with the conduct of such program to intended beneficiaries and implementers, including steps to support and protect such individuals; and 
2016, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the USAID Administrator, shall submit a report, including a classified annex if necessary, to the appropriate congressional committees detailing the methodology and guidelines established and implemented by the Department of State and USAID, respectively, to carry out the requirements of this subsection: Provided , That such report shall 
also include an analysis of the political and social conditions in a nondemocratic or democratic transitioning country that are a prerequisite for the conduct of democracy programs. 
for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, and the Assistant Administrator for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, USAID, shall regularly inform the National Endowment for Democracy of democracy programs that are planned and supported by funds made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs. 
FREEDOM OFFICE AND SPECIAL ENVOY TO PROMOTE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ shall be made available for the Office of the AmbassadoratLarge for International Religious Freedom and the Special Envoy to Promote Religious Freedom of Religious Minorities in the Near East and South Central Asia, as authorized in the Near East and South Central Asia Religious Freedom Act of 2014 (Public Law 113161), and including for support staff, at not less than the amounts contained for such Office and Envoy in the table under such heading in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this Consolidated Act). 
Act under the heading ‘‘Democracy Fund’’ and available for the Human Rights and Democracy Fund (HRDF), not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for international religious freedom programs: Provided , That the AmbassadoratLarge for 
International Religious Freedom shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the uses of such funds. 
under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ shall be made available for programs to protect vulnerable and persecuted religious minorities: Provided , That a portion of 
such funds shall be made available for programs to investigate the persecution of such minorities by governments and nonstate actors and for the public dissemination of information collected on such persecution, including on the Department of State Web site. 
appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Broadcasting Board of Governors, International Broadcasting Operations’’ shall be made available for programs related to international religious freedom, including reporting on the condition of vulnerable and persecuted religious groups. 
than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, after consultation with the heads of other United States Government agencies represented on the Atrocities Prevention Board (APB) and representatives of human rights organizations, as appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an evaluation of the persecution of, including attacks against, Christians and people of other religions in the Middle East by violent Islamic extremists and the Muslim Rohingya people in Burma by violent Buddhist extremists, including whether either situation constitutes mass atrocities or genocide (as defined in section 1091 of title 18, United States Code), and a detailed description of any proposed atrocities prevention response recommended by the APB: Provided , That such evaluation 
and response may include a classified annex, if necessary. 
the President designates such a nonstate actor under this subsection, the President shall, as soon as practicable after the designation is made, submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees detailing the reasons for such designation. 
2016, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Governors and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit a report, including a classified annex if necessary, to the appropriate congressional committees detailing, by account, agency, and on a country bycountry basis, funds made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the previous 2 fiscal years for international religious freedom programs; protection and investigation programs regarding vulnerable and persecuted religious minorities; humanitarian and relief assistance for such minorities; and international broadcasting regarding religious freedom. 
appropriated in titles III and VI of this Act that are made available for victims of war, displaced children, displaced Burmese, and to combat trafficking in persons and assist victims of such trafficking, may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law. 
this Act should not be used to support any military training or operations that include child soldiers. 
under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $4,000,000 shall be made available for forensic anthropology assistance related to the exhumation of mass graves and the identification of victims of war crimes and crimes against humanity, of which not less than $3,000,000 should be made available for such assistance in Guatemala, Peru, Colombia, Iraq, and Sri Lanka, which shall be administered by the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State. 
under the heading ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, not less than $4,000,000 shall be made available for DNA forensic technology programs to combat human trafficking in Central America. 
Section 7065 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public 
fiscal year 2016 as if part of this Act. 
later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report on funds obligated and expended during fiscal year 2015, by country and purpose of assistance, under the headings ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’, ‘‘International Military Education and Training’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’. 
of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on foreign assistance cases submitted for vetting for purposes of section 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 during the preceding fiscal year, including: 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may be accompanied by a classified annex. 
Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ may be made available as contributions to establish and maintain memorial sites of genocide, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
amounts made available by title I of this Act under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, up to $500,000 may be made available for grants pursuant to section 504 of 
Public Law 95–426 (22 U.S.C. 2656d), including to facilitate collaboration with indigenous communities. 
conviction issued by the Cairo Criminal Court on June 4, 2013, in ‘‘Public Prosecution Case No. 1110 for the Year 2012’’, against a citizen or national of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the United States, shall be considered a conviction for the purposes of United States law or for any activity undertaken within the jurisdiction of the United States during fiscal year 2016 and any fiscal year thereafter. 
United States Agency for International Development may use funds appropriated by this Act under title III to make innovation incentive awards: Provided , That each individual award may not exceed $100,000: Provided further , That no more than 10 such 
awards may be made during fiscal year 2016: Provided further , That for purposes of this 
paragraph the term ‘‘innovation incentive award’’ means the provision of funding on a competitive basis that— 
range of ideas and practices facilitating further development of an idea or practice by third parties. 
by this Act or in titles I through IV of prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be used by the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, to support the continued implementation of the Partner Vetting System (PVS) pilot program: Provided , That 
the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall inform the Committees on Appropriations, at least 30 days prior to completion of the pilot program, on the criteria for evaluating such program, including for possible expansion: Provided further , That 
not later than 180 days after completion of the pilot program, the Secretary and USAID Administrator shall jointly submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations, in classified form if necessary, detailing the findings, conclusions, and any recommendations for expansion of such program: Provided 
further , That not less than 30 days prior to 
the implementation of any recommendations for expanding the PVS pilot program the 
Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations and with representatives of agency implementing partners on the findings, conclusions, and recommendations in such report, as appropriate. 
the President may use up to $125,000,000 under the authority of section 451 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, notwithstanding any other provision of law. 
Secretary of State should withhold funds appropriated under title III of this Act for assistance for the central government of any country that is not taking appropriate steps to comply with the Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abductions, done at the Hague on October 25, 1980: Provided , That the Secretary shall report to the 
Committees on Appropriations within 15 days of withholding funds under this subsection. 
the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (division A of Public Law 105–277) is hereby repealed. 
the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113– 235) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2016 as if part of this Act. 
section 1113 of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32; 123 Stat. 1904) shall remain in effect through September 30, 2016. 
Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1990 (Public Law 101–167) is amended— 
ISRAEL .—Chapter 5 of title I of the Emergency Wartime Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2003 (Public Law 108–11; 117 Stat. 576) is amended under the heading ‘‘Loan Guarantees to Israel’’— 
Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 1011) is amended by striking ‘‘more than 11 years after the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘after September 30, 2017’’. 
Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6553) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ for ‘‘October 1, 2015’’. 
or otherwise made available to the Department of State for payments to the Working Capital Fund may only be used for the service centers included in Appendix 1 of the Congressional Budget Justification, Department of State, Diplomatic Engagement, Fiscal Year 2016: Provided , That the amounts for 
That Federal agency components shall be charged only for their direct usage of each Working Capital Fund service: Provided further, That Federal agency components may 
only pay for Working Capital Fund services that are consistent with the component’s purpose and authorities: Provided further , 
USAID shall conduct regular oversight to ensure that such feedback is collected and used by implementing partners to maximize the costeffectiveness and utility of such assistance, and require such partners that receive funds under such headings to establish procedures for collecting and responding to such feedback. 
under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of loan guarantees for Jordan, Ukraine, and Tunisia, which are authorized to be provided: Provided , That 
amounts made available under this paragraph for the costs of such guarantees shall not be considered assistance for the purposes of provisions of law limiting assistance to a country. 
Funds made available by this subsection shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees, and subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
later than 90 days after enactment of this Act and following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) shall submit to such Committees an assessment of the effectiveness of current policies and procedures in ensuring that payments for indirect costs, including for negotiated indirect cost rate agreements (NICRA), are reasonable and comply with the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), as applicable, and title 2, part 200 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR); an assessment of potential benefits of setting a cap on such indirect costs to ensure the costeffective use of appropriated funds; a plan to revise such policies and procedures to strengthen compliance with the FAR and CFR and ensure that indirect costs are reasonable; and a timeline for implementing such plan. 
under the headings ‘‘Development Assistance’’ and ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $45,000,000 shall be made available for the Small Grants Program pursuant to section 7080 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), as amended by this Act, which may remain available until September 30, 2020. 
of this Act, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) shall post on the USAID Web site detailed information describing the process by which small nongovernmental organizations, educational institutions, and other small entities seeking funding from USAID for unsolicited proposals through grants, cooperative agreements, and other assistance mechanisms and agreements, can apply for such funding: Provided , That the 
USAID Administrator should ensure that each bureau, office, and overseas mission has authority to approve, and sufficient funds to implement, such grants or other agreements that meet appropriate criteria for unsolicited proposals. 
otherwise allowable under Federal Acquisition Regulations and USAID procurement policies.’’; and 
departments or centers of such educational institutions may be considered individually in determining such eligibility. 
purposes of this Act the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ shall mean the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
purposes of this Act the term ‘‘funds appropriated in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs’’ shall mean funds that remain available for obligation, and have not expired. 
this or any other Act making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be deemed to include portions of Western Kordofan that were previously part of Southern Kordofan prior to the 2013 division of Southern Kordofan. 
the secondary boycott of American firms that have commercial ties with Israel, is an impediment to peace in the region and to United States investment and trade in the Middle East and North Africa; 
State should continue to vigorously oppose the Arab League boycott of Israel and find concrete steps to demonstrate that opposition by, for example, taking into consideration the participation of any recipient country in the boycott when determining to sell weapons to said country; and 
annually on specific steps being taken by the United States to encourage Arab League states to normalize their relations with Israel to bring about the termination of the Arab League boycott of Israel, including those to encourage allies and trading partners of the United States to enact laws prohibiting businesses from complying with the boycott and penalizing businesses that do comply. 
None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be provided to support a Palestinian state unless the Secretary of State determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— 
counter terrorism and terrorist financing in the West Bank and Gaza, including the dismantling of terrorist infrastructures, and is cooperating with appropriate Israeli and other appropriate security organizations; and 
sovereignty, territorial integrity, and political independence of every state in the area through measures including the establishment of demilitarized zones; 
Congress that the governing entity should enact a constitution assuring the rule of law, an independent judiciary, and respect for human rights for its citizens, and should 
enact other laws and regulations assuring transparent and accountable governance. 
under titles II through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended to create in any part of Jerusalem a new office of any department or agency of the United States Government for the purpose of conducting official United States Government business with the Palestinian Authority over Gaza and Jericho or any successor Palestinian governing entity provided for in the IsraelPLO Declaration of Principles: Provided , That this restriction 
shall not apply to the acquisition of additional space for the existing Consulate General in Jerusalem: Provided further , That 
meetings between officers and employees of the United States and officials of the Palestinian Authority, or any successor Palestinian governing entity provided for in the IsraelPLO Declaration of Principles, for the purpose of conducting official United States Government business with such authority should continue to take place in locations other than Jerusalem: Provided further , That 
as has been true in the past, officers and employees of the United States Government may continue to meet in Jerusalem on other subjects with Palestinians (including those who now occupy positions in the Palestinian Authority), have social contacts, and have incidental discussions. 
or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to provide equipment, technical support, consulting services, or any other form 
2016, 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds for the bilateral West Bank and Gaza Program, the Secretary of State shall certify to the Committees on Appropriations that procedures have been established to assure the Comptroller General of the United States will have access to appropriate United States financial information in order to review the uses of United States assistance for the Program funded under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for the West Bank and Gaza. 
funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza, the Secretary of State shall take all appropriate steps to ensure that such assistance is not provided to or through any individual, private or government entity, or educational institution that the Secretary knows or has reason to believe advocates, plans, sponsors, engages in, or has engaged in, terrorist activity nor, with respect to private entities or educational institutions, those that have as a principal officer of the entity’s governing board or governing board of trustees any individual that has been determined to be involved in, or advocating terrorist activity or determined to be a member of a designated foreign terrorist organization: Provided , That 
the Secretary of State shall, as appropriate, establish procedures specifying the steps to be taken in carrying out this subsection and shall terminate assistance to any individual, entity, or educational institution which the Secretary has determined to be involved in or advocating terrorist activity. 
None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act for assistance under the West Bank and Gaza Program may be made available for the purpose of recognizing or otherwise honoring individuals who commit, or have committed acts of terrorism. 
Agency for International Development shall ensure that Federal or nonFederal audits of all contractors and grantees, and significant subcontractors and subgrantees, under the West Bank and Gaza Program, are conducted at least on an annual basis to ensure, among other things, compliance with this section. 
to $500,000 may be used by the Office of Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development for audits, inspections, and other activities in furtherance of the requirements of this subsection: Provided , That such funds are in addition to 
the bilateral West Bank and Gaza Program, including all funds provided as cash transfer assistance, in fiscal year 2016 under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and such audit shall address— 
projects, and activities carried out under such Program, including both obligations and expenditures. 
available in this Act for West Bank and Gaza shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations updating the report contained in section 2106 of chapter 2 of title II of the Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Tsunami Relief, 2005 (Public Law 109–13). 
of the funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be obligated or expended with respect to providing funds to the Palestinian Authority. 