to bring to your attention East Nicolaus High School. I suspect all of you are aware of this. I see my colleague from my bordering district, to the north of me, who went to Biggs High School, which was the rival of East Nicolaus High School. 
the State AA championships in San Diego. Congratulations to them. 
To all of you, be aware: there are less 
than 250 students in this school, and they are tough. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
the East Nicolaus Spartans from the Biggs Wolverines. Congratulations this year. Mr. Speaker, the tax credit package 
we have passed will not only lower taxes for families across the Nation, it will spur more investment and growth by small businesses and farms, like in my northern California district. 
wait until the last few days of each year to find out under which laws they will be taxed and at what rates. If the Senate will join us, this package will end that vicious cycle, and Americans can finally make financial decisions with greater stability to plan for the future. 
tax credits for students and teachers, and we have increased protections to rein in the IRS. 
for the First District are provisions that allow farmers, ranchers, as well as mining operations, timber operators, and construction contractors to make informed decisions about how they can buy new equipment for the coming years and how it will be taxed. 
asking and begging for us to have the stability and predictability in what their tax rates are going to be. I am very happy that we were able to get this done, and I urge the Senate to also get that done so we can have predictability in tax rates and go about our business. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
million Americans suffer from a neurological disease or disorder, over 1 billion worldwide. I authored language that created an interagency working group that brought together dozens of federal agencies years ago, and we have laid out a map, a plan, over the last 4 years now including mapping the human brain with the BRAIN Initiative and funding a host of specific efforts. 
I am so pleased that the bill that we 
will pass today will have a historic level of funding for neuroscience, over $7 billion in efforts at the National Institutes of Health, a historic investment at the National Science Foundation, and now we have brought together our national labs to create a national brain observatory. 
me as the chair of our Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies. And in my role on the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, there is so much more for us to do. But I am convinced that if we have the mind to work, we, indeed, can rebuild the walls. 
VOLLEYBALL TEAM AT CHEROKEE TRAIL HIGH SCHOOL IN AURORA, COLORADO, FOR WINNING THE 5A STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize the girls varsity volleyball team of Cherokee Trail High School in Aurora, Colorado, on winning the 2015 Colorado 5A State championship game on November 14, 2015. 
part of the titlewinning Cougar team deserve the utmost respect and commendation for winning in what has been a season full of challenges. Following the tragic death of one of their players, Celeste James, and a serious injury to another, Amazing Ashby, the Cherokee Trail Cougars showed courage in the face of true adversity to complete a titlewinning season which honored their teammates. 
the championship title through the extraordinary leadership of their head coach, Terry Miller, and his hardworking staff. 
It is with great pride that I join all of 
the residents of Aurora, Colorado, in congratulating the Cherokee Trail Cougars on their State championship. 
Jael Griego, 5 years old. Angelina Griego, 2 years old. Greenwood, Minnesota, September 17, 
Karen Short, 48 years old. Cole Short, 17. Madison Short, 15. 
Brooklyn Short, 14. Bell, Florida, September 18, 2014: Sara Spirit, 28 years old. Kaleb Kuhlmann, 11 years old. Kylie Kuhlmann, 9 years old. Johnathon Kuhlmann, 8. Brandon Stewart, 4. Destiny Stewart, 5. Alanna Stewart, 3 months old. Federal Way, Washington, April 21, 
Roland Scobee, 62 years old. Bradley Fischer, 47. Justine Baez, 24. Ceasar A. Valdovinos, 23. Spanish Fork, Utah, January 16, 2014: Marie King, 55 years old. Kelly Boren, 32. Joshua Boren, 7. Haley Boren, 5. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Clinch County High School football team. Last Friday night, the Clinch County Panthers faced off against the Irwin County Indians for the Georgia Class A Public State Championship. 
well matched, with both scoring touchdowns in the first quarter. However, the Panthers scored a second touchdown early in the second quarter and never looked back. 
rushing yards in the 24–7 win. This was the sixth title in the school’s history and the first since winning it in 2010. 
Clinch County Panthers for a great season. You deserve it. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
New York. Mr. Speaker, Lillian Vernon, a woman who personified the 
American Dream and inspired generations of girls and boys, passed away this week. 
Leipzig, Germany, in 1927. Her family arrived here in 1937 after fleeing the new Nazi regime. She attended NYU for a couple of years before leaving to get married. And shortly after her nuptials, the newly pregnant Lillian gathered together what little wedding money she had to start a mail order business from her home in Mount Vernon, New York. She took the name Vernon as her own, and the Lillian Vernon Company was born. 
She put an advertisement in ‘‘Seventeen’’ magazine for a personalized purse and belt for $5; and within weeks, she had $34,000 dollars in orders. 
milliondollar year. A few decades later, she had nine catalogues, 15 outlet stores, two Web sites, a businessto business division, and yearly revenue close to $300 million. 
started her company when working mothers were often criticized and female entrepreneurs could rarely get credit. But undeterred, she persevered. 
business world and was known for her charity and her devotion to so many causes, including her dedication to the Lillian Vernon Foundation, which supports the U.S. Marine Toys for Tots Foundation, Literacy Volunteers of America, and a number of other charities. In 2011, Vernon was honored with the Project Sunshine Award for Philanthropic Leadership and was appointed by President Clinton as chairwoman of the National Women’s Business Council in 1995. 
dedicated to her two sons, David and Fred, both of whom worked in the family business with her. 
throughout the years. And I can say that even a reading of her accolades and accomplishments would fail to give a sense of just how special this wonderful woman truly was. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico is facing a dire economic crisis, and our fellow Americans who live there need our help. 
Rico Emergency Financial Stability Act, a bill that provides Puerto Rico some critical, temporary breathing room from creditor lawsuits until Congress acts. 
Puerto Rico urgently needs this respite while Congress considers restructuring legislation—legislation to provide the 3.5 million U.S. citizens that call Puerto Rico home the tools they need to comprehensively address the territory’s unsustainable debt burden. 
Mr. Speaker, my parliamentary inquiry is: Is it in order for this bill to be considered and voted on by this House right now by unanimous consent? 
guidelines consistently issued by successive Speakers, as recorded in section 956 of the House Rules and Manual, the Chair will not entertain a unanimous consent request for the consideration of a measure unless it has been cleared by the bipartisan floor and committee leaderships. 
adds to the urgency of our acting by March 31, 2016, as the Speaker indicated. He also indicated that hearings on this important legislation would begin on our first day back. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, December 18th, I am not recorded on any votes because I was absent due to a death in the family. 
If I had been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 705, on the Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2029 with House Amendment Number 1—Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016. 
18, 2015 I missed a rollcall vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 705 on Amendment No. 1 to the Senate Amendment of H.R. 2029 and providing for appropriations for the remainder of Fiscal Year 2016. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 2241) to direct the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to submit to Congress a report on the development and use of global health innovations in the programs, projects, and activities of the Agency, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
I am proud to congratulate two high school football teams that continue to establish central Washington as the football powerhouse of Washington State. 
On December 5, the 13–1 Prosser Mustangs rolled over the Tumwater Thunderbirds to claim the Washington State 2A high school football championship. Led by a stellar defense, the Mustangs amassed four interceptions for the third time in the playoffs. This is Prosser’s fifth State football championship. 
Okanogan High School Bulldogs pulled off an amazing nailbiter win, a win you usually only see in the movies. Rallying from a 27–14 third quarter deficit, the Bulldogs pulled off a late fourthquarter touchdown to defeat the Napavine Tigers 36–34. This was Okanogan’s second straight Washington State 2B high school football championship. 
their schools and demonstrated a level of skill, teamwork, and tenacity that will prepare them well for future seasons and for future success in life. 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor all the brave men and women who have served and are currently serving our country today in the Armed Forces. 
overseas protecting America and Americans. These men and women sacrifice their lives fighting wars overseas so that the wars don’t come to our shores. This year many American families have endured the tragedies of war through the loss of their family members. We must never forget their service. 
let us remember all of our military servicemembers and their families as they continue to serve our country and fight for our security and freedoms. Too many American soldiers, sailors, marines, airmen, and airwomen will be away from their families at this holiday season. I would like to express my gratitude for their service and wish them all happy holidays. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
I rise to warn my colleagues and my constituents about the latest in a string of White House distractions that will not make Americans safer. 
planning to unilaterally establish new restrictions on private gun transactions, and he may act while Congress is out of session. 
was elected to lead all Americans, even the ones he disagrees with. Thus, I call on him to answer the questions my House colleagues and I are sending to the White House on Monday: 
factcheckers have confirmed their agreement with the sad truth that none of the recent months’ and years’ major shootings would have been prevented by stricter gun control laws. Why would the President think his proposal would be any different? 
wasn’t it included in the executive actions announced by the President in January 2013? 
the President relied on appropriate data to choose this executive order and how it would be enforced. 
unilateral action is not just wrong; it results in bad policy. I call on the 
President to answer our letter as quickly as possible. 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
last day of the first session of the 114th Congress. I have served here for 9 years. I am proud to be a Member, and I look forward to continuing to be a Member in the future. 
In the last 2 months of this year, we 
have gotten a lot accomplished by working together. The omnibus and tax extender bills weren’t unanimous, but they got a majority of each caucus. I was proud to support each. We got a transportation and an education bill passed, which was very important. 
Leader P ELOSI . I thank all of the leaders and all of the people involved in getting these last two bills together and everyone who supported them. 
me to be a Member of this House. I am proud to be a Member of the House of Representatives. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, this is the season of giving. Today I rise in recognition of a community in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, which banded together after a fire destroyed the home of a local charity. 
flames ripped through the Huntingdon Salvation Army Church, destroying everything inside. Toys and clothes donated for the holiday season were left ruined by smoke and water damage. These items would have made the holiday season a little better for around 300 local families. Meals would have been provided for more than 100. 
towns often come together in times of hardship. The people of Huntingdon and the surrounding area have risen to the task. In fact, Salvation Army Church officials say donations in the form of both monetary gifts and supplies have been coming in nonstop since last weekend’s fire. 
people of Huntingdon for stepping up to the plate and brightening the holidays for their friends and neighbors. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
the height of the cold war, Ethiopia fell to the Communists in 1974. Shortly thereafter, an Ethiopian family—the Berhane family—ended up in Huntington Beach, California, and for a long time they have been proud Americans and good citizens. 
After the Communist regime in Ethiopia collapsed in 1991, thanks to Ronald Reagan’s global efforts to undue the Communist establishment, the government in Ethiopia, which was replaced in 1991, has refused to return the confiscated property the Communists took from the Berhane family. 
I ask my fellow colleagues to join me in opposing any aid or activities helping the Ethiopian Government until they have returned the property of American citizens confiscated by the Communists. 
It is our job to stand up for American 
citizens, whether they come from Ethiopia or are born in Brooklyn. They are now proud Americans. We need to stick together and refuse to give support to regimes like Ethiopia that refuse to turn confiscated property. 
(Mr. GIBBS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
the Government Accountability Office reported findings from their investigation of the EPA regarding their waters of the United States rule that drastically increases their authority at the expense of States. The GAO report is plain and simple: The EPA broke the law. 
GAO called ‘‘covert propaganda,’’ the EPA undermined the integrity of the rulemaking process and violated the trust of the American people. They conspired to influence and skew the public comments during the open rulemaking process to promote and justify an agenda that the majority of the States oppose and have sued to stop. 
for their unlawful actions, and the people responsible should be dismissed and prosecuted. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
for quite some time there has been an effort at the U.N. to delegitimize the Jewish State of Israel and to try to whitewash the Jewish people’s historical and biblical connection to Israel. 
frequently made that prove the roots of the Jewish people are in Israel. 
Earlier this month a Hebrew University archaeological team unearthed an unprecedented impression of a royal seal of King Hezekiah from the First Temple period. This marks the first time that a seal impression of an Israelite or Judean king has ever been discovered, and it proves that not only is Israel the religious center for Jews, but it is their ancestral and historic homeland. 
I want to thank the Ir David Foundation’s Director of International Affairs, Ze’ev Orenstein, for sharing this and many other amazing discoveries with me. I look forward to visiting the city of David in the near future to see firsthand the rich history of the Jewish people. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to believe that my first year in Congress has gone by so quickly. 2016 is just around the corner, and 1 year ago the folks of the 12th District of Georgia gave me the greatest honor of my life. 
strengthen our national security, repeal regulatory overreach, and restore local control. 
and the President signed legislation that reformed our education system, repealed the sustainable growth rate formula, and provided critical funding for our troops. 
The House passed key homeland security legislation to establish a robust vetting system for refugees and reformed the Visa Waiver Program to ensure the safety of the American people. 
Going into 2016, it is my hope that we 
can scale back the presence of Washington even more by gutting ObamaCare and providing relief for the American people from more burdensome EPA regulations. 
security, job growth, and the economy were my main priorities. I will head into 2016 with the same goals of creating jobs, growing this economy, and keeping the American people safe. 
folks of the 12th District of Georgia. I wish you all a Merry Christmas and a safe and prosperous New Year. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
first task, a wonderful task, is to wish all the men and women of the United 
States military a happy holiday. For your unselfishness in putting on the uniform, without question, standing in the gap, protecting the American people, we thank you, we thank your families, and we are greatly appreciative. 
We ask you to be safe during this holiday season as you put yourself on the front lines of defense. 
today, Mr. Speaker, to thank the United States Capitol Police, founded in 1828. We know how vital they were during the tragedy, horrific incident of 9/11, and, certainly, in 1998. 
day, but I rise today to particularly thank an officer and a gentleman. Over the years, after initially greeting each other every day, the greeting became a genuine friendship of respect and kindness, and even a joke or two. 
of our first responders, Capitol Police Private First Class Tommy Wisseman. Officer Wisseman exemplifies a model officer who takes his job very seriously, but finds the time to get to know Members of Congress on a more personal level. 
Officer Wisseman has given the Capitol Police 29 years of service, all 29 at the Capitol building. He has worked every Presidential inauguration since 1989; was the lead officer for the construction of the Capitol Visitor Center; one of the head trainers for the Capitol Visitor Center officers; received multiple awards and citations. 
and married to a lovely wife, who is with the Capitol Police. 
Capitol Police have provided protection for our Congress, ensuring a safe and open environment to facilitate the legislative process and the security of Congressional Members, staff and employees, and visitors and members of the public. This protection was magnified in 1998 when a shooter entered the Capitol killing Officer Gibson and Officer Chestnut who was protecting Majority Whip Tom DeLay and also in 2001 during the 9–11 attacks when our men and women in uniform literally moved our leadership and Members of Congress to safe havens away from the Capitol. We are grateful to all of them and the more than 2000 sworn and civilian employees who serve and protect the Congress. 
As Members of Congress, we come in contact with Capitol Police every day and in the course of our days on this campus and years in Congress we get to know many of them on a first name basis. That is the case with an officer and a gentleman I have gotten to know and which started initially from just a simple greeting to each other. Over the years that initial greeting has evolved into a genuine friendship of respect and kindness and even a joke or two. I am honored today to recognize one of our first responders, Capitol Police, Private First Class Thomas Wisseman. Officer Wisseman exemplifies a model officer who 
takes his job very seriously, but finds the time to get to know Members of Congress on a more personal level. 
Officer Wisseman has given the Capitol Police 29 years of service—all 29 at the Capitol Building. He has worked every Presidential Inaugural since 1989, was the lead officer for the construction of the Capitol Visitors Center, one of the head trainers for Capitol Visitor Center officers, and has received multiple awards and citations for his leadership and tenure of service. He is the proud father of four daughters and is married to his lovely wife Amber who is also a Capitol Police officer here at the Capitol. 
our first responders and men and women in uniform today. Officer Wissemann is an example of the dedicated men and women in uniform. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time. 
we are going to lay to rest Reva Mae Jennings. 
my part of the world, Mr. Speaker. This photo here, you can see, is in the midst of a parade. She helped to found the Republican Party in Forsyth County back when it could meet in a telephone booth. She used to say that she never minded being the only one who was right in a room. 
this position, Mr. Speaker, Reva has been a fixture by my side. She passed away a week ago in a traffic accident. 
North Carolina, Mr. Speaker. And even though she was passionate about Georgia, she was passionate about her Tar Heels. If I had a Tar Heel blue suit, I would have worn it down here to the floor today in tribute to her. 
Speaker. She has had every leadership position you can imagine in the Republican Party in our part of the world; president of the Georgia Federation of Republican Women, Mr. Speaker. She earned the title of Republican Woman of the Year. She traveled as a delegate from Georgia to the Republican National Convention. 
through her political activities, but they did not define her. Passion defined her, and there is nothing that she was more passionate about than her family. 
Speaker, who passed away far too soon, the mother of three, the grandmother of her beloved grand twins. 
is gathering this afternoon to say goodbye. It seems so cliche to talk about folks who are irreplaceable, but Reva truly is. 
You can’t put a marker on commitment, Mr. Speaker. There was never a responsibility, never a responsibility in the community that Reva didn’t step up and say: Pick me. It characterized the community. 
fastest growing counties in the Nation, Mr. Speaker, her commitment was contagious. 
ones, Mr. Speaker, it happens when you least expect it. No one was prepared to say goodbye to Reva. No one had said all the things that they had to say to Reva. 
take a picture out of her wallet, show me that beloved dentist that she married back during the Vietnam War. It was a picture they had taken in Hawaii, as I recall. 
As the entire community is struggling with Reva’s loss, this is the image that I am left with, Mr. Speaker. She has waited decade upon decade to be united with her beloved husband, Bruce, and today, Mr. Speaker, we lay her to rest so that they can be together with their Maker once again. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. 
will be the last session before we enter Christmas. And, Mr. Speaker, I have noted from a couple of articles that have been in the news this week, this one from December 17, a story from Minnesota, the title: ‘‘Parents Question Choice to Sing ‘Allahu Akbar’ at Holiday Concert.’’ 
groups are attacking our JudeoChristian heritage, trying to rewrite our history, trying to prevent any mention of our Christian heritage—I am looking at the full face of Moses directly above me in front of me because we have, in this Chamber, profiles of people who were considered to be the greatest lawgivers of all time. And until recent 
years, Moses was considered the greatest lawgiver of all time. The Founders believed that. 
The Supreme Court now has relegated Moses to the ash heap of history. His revelation that he said came from God, that a man shall leave his father and mother, a woman leave their home, the two shall become one flesh. Jesus doubled down on that. He said not only is that what marriage is, what God joined together, let nobody pull apart. 
ash heap. We have had the Supreme Court, for years now, saying, first, you can’t have prayer in public, even though the Founders started each day of the Continental Congress with prayer; and although the Constitutional Convention didn’t start each day with prayer, when they hit a brick wall and could go no further, Benjamin Franklin made his powerful speech about how they had begun each day with prayer, as he said, his exact words: ‘‘In the beginning contest with Great Britain, when we were sensible of danger, we had daily prayer in this room. Our prayers, sir, were heard and they were graciously answered.’’ 
He went on to say: ‘‘If a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without His notice, is it probable an empire could rise without His aid? We have been assured, sir, in the sacred writing, that ‘except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it.’’’ 
without His—God’s—concurring aid, we will succeed in our political building no better, than the Builders of Babel: We will be confounded by our local partial interests and we, ourselves, shall be bye words through time. 
have money to pay for a chaplain that they could all agree on to do the prayer every day. He pointed out in the debate that we agreed on a chaplain. We didn’t agree on any specific person here to do the prayer for all the different denominations. But we don’t have a treasurer. We don’t have money. We can’t hire a chaplain. 
motion. Okay, basically, they had hit a brick wall. They were making no progress. As Franklin had said, we have more noes than ayes on virtually every vote. 
it was the end of June—they recess and reconvene to celebrate the country’s birthday in early July, and worship together. So they did. That one passed. They reconvened to worship God at the Reformed Calvinistic Church there in Philadelphia. 
find what is reported to be the prayer that he gave. It had a powerful influence. And when they reconvened, there was a new spirit. They were able to come together and end up arriving at the Great Compromise. 
Washington himself, pointed out that clearly God’s hand was upon them in 
the preparation of the Constitution, and then, ultimately, resulting in the Bill of Rights. 
Rights was basically to make clear that government would never interfere with religion. 
after all these years where the United States Supreme Court has said not only can you not have the JudeoChristian God as part of any government— the same God that the Founders were giving credit to and praying to—but now this year the Supreme Court took the ultimate step of saying: Forget Moses. Forget Jesus. We are the new God and here is what we pronounce in place of Moses and Jesus and our founding principles. So this is a big year. 
a Christian nation, and I won’t argue that point with him. I won’t debate him. I think he is right. I know where we started, and I know every time, according to my staff, I mention God here where—in this Capitol, God’s name has been invoked from the very beginning of this Capitol and before this Capitol and when it was in Philadelphia and when the first Congress was sworn in and President George Washington was sworn in at Federal Hall in New York City. It was his idea to bring his Bible and put his hand on the Bible, his idea to add the words ‘‘so help me God.’’ 
thing they would do as a Congress together, after being sworn in, was to walk down, basically, Wall Street to St. Paul’s Chapel there in New York and dedicate this country there in 1789 to God Almighty. 
we are not a Christian nation, but the Bible has been quoted over our history in this Chamber more than any other book as a reason for or against legislation passing. It is a part of our heritage, to a much lesser extent in more recent years, as the Supreme Court—at least the five majority in the Supreme Court becoming our God instead of the God that was acknowledged by Ben Franklin, George Washington, basically every President. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a job to represent our constituents. We have an oath to the Constitution. I know we take that seriously. Part of our job in representing our constituents is to educate people on the issues and what has been important and what has been our strength, what has been our weaknesses. If you don’t know our history, then, as the saying goes, those who refuse to learn from history are destined to repeat it. It is important to know history. 
words of the United States’ highest magistrate, our President. Jefferson was asked once as he rode his horse 
down Pennsylvania Avenue on a Sunday morning—he had a big Bible in his hand, it was reported. I have had this verified by the Congressional Research Service. 
those 8 years, when he was in Washington, not only did he condone the church service, the largest Christian church service in Washington that occurred just down the hall, but he participated. He would even have the Marine Band come and play the hymns on many occasions for the Christian church service. 
He said, ‘‘I am going to church up in 
The statement was made, ‘‘Mr. President, you don’t believe everything they do.’’ 
was, ‘‘Sir, I am the highest elected magistrate in this country. It is imperative that I set the proper example.’’ 
Now, I asked the Congressional Research Service is it true what has been attributed to the person people claim to be the father of the Constitution, James Madison, that when he was President for his 8 years, that he also condoned and participated in church services just down the hall here every Sunday he was in Washington? 
a bipartisan, nonpartisan service, reported, yes, but he was different from Jefferson. Jefferson normally rode a horse down Pennsylvania Avenue whereas Madison would normally come to church up here in the Capitol in a coach drawn by horses rather than on horseback. 
So, Mr. Speaker, as we take the traditional Christmas recess, no matter what your religious preference is or no preference at all, it is a fact this is a Christmas recess. 
Christmastime, the commander of our military in 1778, George Washington, made this order as commander of our military. Some say this is really the reason God blessed their efforts, is because of their commitment and dedication. This is an order of George Washington to the troops at Valley Forge. This is George Washington’s order, Mr. Speaker. I will read it verbatim: 
The Commander in Chief directs that divine service be performed every Sunday at eleven o’clock in each brigade which has chaplains. Those brigades which have none will attend the places of worship nearest to them. It is expected that officers of all ranks will, by their attendance, set an example for their men. While we are zealously performing the duties of good citizens and soldiers, we certainly ought not to be inattentive to the higher duties of religion. To the distinguished character of patriot, it should be our highest glory to laud the more distinguished character of Christian. 
as commander of our military. Well, John Adams, without whom it 
is unlikely we would have arrived at the place we did with the Declaration— he is the one that directed Thomas Jefferson to do the first draft of the Declaration of Independence. He was critical in holding things together. Even though he only won one term as President, he was Vice President for two terms. He was very important in arriving at our Constitution. 
this to the First Brigade, Third Division, of Militia of Massachusetts: 
capable of contending with human passions, unbridled by morality and religion. Avarice, ambition, revenge, or gallantry would break the strongest cords of our Constitution as a whale goes through a net. Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other. 
how the Constitution was forged, made a difference in our country’s beginning. He says our Constitution is not fit as a governing document for any but a moral and religious people. So over the years we have been taken down the road away from being a moral and religious people. 
Franklin Roosevelt started many social programs. He made a lot of decisions, I think, that were dramatic mistakes. The man deserves credit for leading this Nation through a time of war, mistakes being made. 
with Winston Churchill and other leaders to keep freedom alive so that it would be present in our lifetime, even as we see our freedoms being taken by government the further we go along. 
Exactly 2 weeks after the surprise attack at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, a day he said in this very Chamber from right up here at this level—he had a marble podium and not this wooden one—but he said that was a day that would live in infamy. 
1941, this was Franklin Roosevelt’s message to our Nation: 
asking themselves this Christmas: How can we light our trees? How can we give our gifts? How can we meet and worship with love and with uplifted spirit and heart in a world at war, a world of fighting and suffering, and death? How can we pause even for a day, even for Christmas day, in our urgent labor of arming a decent humanity against the enemies which beset it? 
didn’t mean holiday. He meant what he said, Christmas day. 
How can we, as men and women, put the 
world aside in peaceful years to rejoice in the birth of Christ? Looking into the days to come, I have set aside a day of prayer and in that proclamation I have said: The year 1941 has brought upon our Nation a war of aggression by powers dominated by arrogant rulers whose selfish purpose is to destroy free institutions. They would thereby take from the freedomloving peoples of the Earth the hardwon liberties gained over many centuries. The new year of 1942 calls for the courage. Our strength, as the strength of all 
men everywhere, is of greater avail as God upholds us. Therefore, I do hereby appoint the first day of the year 1942 as a day of prayer, of asking forgiveness for our shortcomings of the past, of consecrations to the task of the present and of asking God’s help in days to come. We need His guidance that this people may be humble in spirit, but strong in the conviction of the right, steadfast to endure sacrifice, and brave to achieve a victory of liberty and peace. 
Franklin Roosevelt says our strongest weapon in this war is that conviction of the dignity and brotherhood of man which Christmas day signifies against enemies who preach the principles of hate and practice them. We set our fate in human love and in God’s care for us in all men everywhere. 
To you who serve in uniform, I also send a 
message of cheer that you are in the thoughts of your families and friends at home and that Christmas prayers follow you wherever you may be. To all Americans, I say that loving our neighbor as we love ourselves is not enough, that we, as a Nation and as individuals, will please God best by showing regard for the laws of God. There is no better way of fostering goodwill toward men than by first fostering goodwill toward God. 
the Armed Forces and merchant sailors of the United Nations, we include therein our pride in their bravery on the fighting fronts and on all the seas. 
Christmas Day—our plants and factories will be stilled. This is not true of the other holidays we have long been accustomed to celebrate. On all other holidays work goes on—gladly—for the winning of the war. So Christmas becomes the only holiday in all the year. 
‘‘I like to think that this is so because Christmas is a holy day. May all it stands for live and grow throughout the years.’’ 
Well, Mr. Speaker, 5 years later exactly, Harry Truman nationally broadcast this address at the lighting of the National—not holiday tree but Christmas Tree—on the White House lawn. Again, Mr. Speaker, just as those who failed to learn from the mistakes of history are destined to repeat them, we can avoid the mistakes by looking at what strengthened America and what caused God to bless America. 
that is raising its head yet again. Just as Hitler colluded with radical Islam, agreed with some of his fascist ideas against Jews, against Christians, there is so much ignorance. Some people try to say Hitler was a Christian. It is the farthest thing from it. 
These are Harry Truman’s words, December 1947 on Christmas Eve: 
towering shaft of the Washington Monument. The scene is peaceful and tranquil. The shadows deepen, and the holy night falls gently over the National Capital, as we gather around our Christmas tree. 
Christmas through all the years of 19 centuries, mankind, in its weary pilgrimage through a changing world, has been cheered and strengthened by the message of Christmas. 
Christmas in a faraway Bethlehem. Their song has echoed through the corridors of time and will continue to sustain the heart of man through eternity. 
Christmas was a homeless one. A humble man and woman had gone up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, to Bethlehem. There is a sense of desolation in St. Luke’s brief chronicle that Mary ‘brought forth her firstborn son, wrapped Him in swaddling clothes, and laid Him in a manger because there was no room for them in the inn.’ 
and Asia, this too will be a homeless Christmas. There can be little happiness for those who will keep another Christmas in poverty and exile and in separation from their loved ones. 
Christmas this year in a land of plenty, we would be heartless, indeed, if we were indifferent to the plight of less fortunate peoples overseas. 
‘‘We must not forget that our Revolutionary fathers also knew a Christmas of suffering and desolation. Washington wrote from Valley Forge 2 days before Christmas in 1777: ‘We have this day no less than 2,873 men in camp unfit for duty because they are barefooted and otherwise naked.’ 
have risen today, as did our forefathers in Washington’s time, to our obligation and our opportunity. 
the words of St. Paul have greater significance than ever before. He said, ‘And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.’ 
‘‘Let us then put our trust in the unerring star which guided the Wise Men to the manger of Bethlehem. Let us hearken again to the angel choir singing, ‘Glory to God in the highest, and on Earth peace, goodwill toward men.’ 
faith in God, I wish all my countrymen a very Merry Christmas.’’ 
A year later, Harry Truman, as President of the United States, officially said: 
Christmas is the family day. Christmas began that way. 
Christmas was the bringing forth of the first born in the stable in Bethlehem. There began, in humble surroundings, the home life of the Holy Family, glorified in song and story and in the hearts of men down through the centuries. The great joys and mysteries of that event have forever sanctified and enriched all home life. 
‘‘The hallowed associations of Christmas draw all hearts toward home. With one accord, we receive with joy and reverence the message of the first Christmas: ‘Glory to God in the highest, and on Earth peace, goodwill to men.’ 
than for all of us to dedicate ourselves to the cause of peace on this holy night. As a Nation, we have a history of little more than a century and a half. But the religion which came to the world, heralded by the song of the angels, has endured for 19 centuries. It will continue to endure. It remains today the world’s best hope for peace if the world will accept its fundamental teaching: that all men are brothers.’’ 
Then he quotes from Scripture: ‘‘God that made the world and all 
things therein hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the Earth.’’ 
that message from the Acts of the Apostles, I wish all of you a Merry Christmas.’’ 
that go nuts when we talk about these official pronouncements by government officials as part of their government duty, but it is part of our history. 
part of our history, that led us to being the greatest nation in the history of the world—more assets for individuals; a country where the number one health problem for the Nation’s poor is obesity; a country where we have sacrificed our greatest treasure, American lives, for other people’s freedom without a demand for imperialism, without a demand that they convert to our government’s leadership—that is why they speak French in France, Japanese in Japan, and German in Germany. 
Dwight Eisenhower, who knew something about fighting, said this 7 years after the last statement I read from Harry Truman. This was his official pronouncement. President Eisenhower said: 
White House is one of many thousands in America’s traditional celebration of the birth, almost 2,000 years ago, of the Prince of Peace. 
sense of goodwill—and our first peaceful one since 1949. Our hopes are bright, even though the world still stands divided in two antagonistic parts. 
way, prayer places freedom and communism in opposition, one to the other. The Communist can find no reserve of strength in prayer because his doctrine of materialism and statism denies the dignity of man and, consequently, the existence of God. 
long ago rejected exclusive dependence upon mere materialistic values. In the bitter and critical winter at Valley 
Forge, when the cause of liberty was so near defeat, his recourse was sincere and earnest prayer. From it, he received new hope and new strength of purpose out of which grew the freedom in which we celebrate this Christmas season. 
of free government, so is prayer an indispensable part of that faith. 
us to speak in prayer to the Father of all men and women on this Earth, of whatever nation, and of every race and creed—to ask that He—God—help us and teach us and strengthen us and receive our thanks? 
our thanks? For certainly, we are grateful for the opportunity given us to use our strength and our faith to meet the problems of this hour. And on this Christmas Eve, all hearts in America are filled with special thanks to God that the blood of those we love no longer spills on battlefields abroad. May He—God—receive the thanks of each of us for this, His greatest bounty—and our supplication that peace on Earth may live with us, always.’’ 
So the leader of our fight against fascism, world domination of hate in World War II, Dwight Eisenhower, made those rather profound words. 
history when our Nation was deeply troubled—whether it was Washington, whether it was Lincoln, whether it was Franklin Roosevelt in World War II, Eisenhower in the Korean war, Kennedy during Vietnam—all of our Presidents have known up to this point that our greatest hope comes through prayer to God. 
Presidents—by our leaders—to try to convert anybody, but just so our history is understood, as our way continues to grow darker, critical violence is escalating again, racial divides are growing deeper when I thought we had—we have—we have come so far. We need to turn, according to our former leaders, historically—what they said is: Turn to God. 
simply so that this record of where Presidents, leaders, and Americans used to turn be part of the RECORD  
So John Kennedy’s words, as President, December 17, 1962—at this time, there were only advisers in Vietnam— at the official lighting of the National Christmas Tree. It was still a Christmas tree for John Kennedy: 
is an old ceremony in Washington and one which has been among the most important responsibilities of a good many Presidents of the United States, we initiate, in a formal way, the Christmas season. 
which is the most sacred and hopeful day in our civilization. For nearly 2,000 years, the message of Christmas, the message of peace and goodwill towards all men, has been the guiding star of our endeavors. 
some of our representatives from far off countries in Africa and Asia. They were returning to their posts for the Christmas holidays. 
was struck by the fact that in the far off continents Moslems, Hindus, Buddhists, as well as Christians, paused from their labors on the 25th day of December to celebrate the birthday of the Prince of Peace. There could be no more striking proof that Christmas is truly the universal holiday of all men. It is the day when all of us dedicate our thoughts to others; when all are reminded that mercy and compassion are the enduring virtues; when all show, by small deeds and large and by acts, that it is more blessed to give than to receive. 
‘‘It is the day when we remind ourselves that man can and must live in peace with his neighbors and that it is the peacemakers who are truly blessed. In this year of 1962 we greet each other at Christmas with some special sense of the blessings of peace. This has been a year of peril when the peace has been sorely threatened. But it has been a year when peril was faced and when reason ruled. As a result, we may talk, at this Christmas, just a little bit more confidently of peace on Earth, good will to men. As a result, the hopes of the American people are perhaps a little higher. We have much yet to do. We still need to ask that God bless everyone.’’ 
Carter, December 15, 1977, at what he described as the Christmas Pageant of Peace Ceremony on the White House Ellipse: 
those of us who are Christians, those of us who believe in Christ, those of us who know that almost 2,000 years ago, the Son of Peace was born to give us a vision of perfection, a vision of humility, a vision of unselfishness, a vision of compassion, a vision of love.’’ 
President Carter in 1978 said: ‘‘Rosalyn and I send our warmest 
wishes to our fellow citizens who celebrate the birth of Christ and who rejoice with us in the coming of the peace He symbolizes. 
offer our thanks to those who have given us their encouragement and prayers. 
‘‘We also join in this season’s traditional expression of appreciation to God for His blessings in the past year, and we ask for His continuing guidance and protection as we face the challenges of 1979.’’ 
Clinton, President George W. Bush, and President Obama have delivered Christmas messages, and President Obama his holiday messages. 
with President Reagan’s message, as he says on the observance of Christmas, December 19, 1988, his last Christmas message as President: 
coming home for the holidays have long been intertwined in song and story. There is a profound irony and lesson in this, because Christmas celebrates the coming of a savior who was born without a home. 
the Holy Family. Weary of travel, a young Mary close to childbirth and her carpenter husband Joseph found but the rude shelter of a stable. There was born the King of Kings, the Prince of Peace—an event on which all history would turn. Jesus would again be without a home, and more than once; on the flight to Egypt and during His public ministry, when he said, ‘The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the son of man hath nowhere to lay his head.’ 
‘‘From His very infancy, on, our Redeemer was reminding us that from then on we would never lack a home in Him. Like the shepherds whom the angel of the Lord appeared on the first Christmas Day, we could always say: ‘Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known to us.’ 
family and friends this Christmas, let us also remember our neighbors who cannot go home themselves. Our compassion and concern this Christmas and all year long will mean much to the hospitalized, the homeless, the convalescent, the orphaned—and will surely lead us on our way to the joy and peace of Bethlehem and the Christ child who bids us come. For it is only in finding and living the internal meaning of the nativity that we can be truly happy, truly at peace, truly home.’’ 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. PRICE) 
the Speaker for the recognition and the opportunity to address the House on this the final hour of the final day of the final week of the final month of this year in Congress. 
Congress—the House especially—has seen some remarkable changes. I would 
like to share with you a little perspective on where we find ourselves now from a budgetary standpoint. 
privilege of chairing the Budget Committee in the House of Representatives. That is the committee that deals with all of the spending that occurs in our Nation from the Federal Government standpoint. 
is it defining the goal that we have at the Budget Committee and in the Republican Conference here in the House of Representatives? 
greatest amount of opportunity and the greatest amount of success for the greatest number of people so that the greatest number of American Dreams can be realized in a fair and a compassionate system. 
that we have here in the House of Representatives at the Budget Committee among Republicans who have allowed me the privilege of chairing the Budget Committee. 
of the perspective of where we find ourselves and what our goal is, what does that have to do with the budget? What does that have to do with the numbers that get crunched in this town all the time and that we just finished a remarkable week talking about how to get the progrowth policies that are so necessary to get our economy growing and how do we move forward from a spending standpoint? 
Folks all across the country have differing views about how that ought to be done. But I think it is helpful to kind of step back and to look at the overall picture, the big picture. 
From a spending standpoint, the Nation understands and appreciates that Washington spends a lot. $3.8 trillion is the amount of money that your Federal Government will spend in this fiscal year. That is 3.8 with too many zeros after it. It is hard to get your arms around the amount of money that that is. But it is important for all Americans to appreciate kind of how that breaks down. 
The point I want to begin with is this 
point about mandatory spending and discretionary spending. Folks tend to think mostly, if they don’t know how Washington works, that this $3.8 trillion is the money that Congress deals with every single year. Right? It is the spending that goes out the door here in Washington every single year and that continues to grow and grow and grow. 
spending is broken down into two major categories. One is called mandatory. I prefer the word automatic because it really isn’t mandatory. That is the spending that has occurred and continues to occur because Congress, along with the President, at some point in the past has defined a certain amount of spending or certain programs that need to be continued year 
what Congress does or until and unless Congress changes those programs. These are programs like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. There are a lot of other mandatory programs. These are important programs. There is no doubt about it. 
The money that goes to those programs goes to them based upon an individual in this country qualifying for those programs based upon either their income or their age or some other circumstance. The amount of money to be spent on those programs doesn’t change at all unless the House, the Senate, and the President agree to change it. 
automatic side. I prefer, again, to call it automatic because it is automatic spending that occurs. It is only mandatory in that Congress in the past decided that that is what ought to be done. It doesn’t bind us to it, but we have to come to some agreement, as a Congress and President, the legislative and the executive branch, in order to change that. 
what we see is that the mandatory programs—or the mandatory spending, automatic spending, is in red. All other spending, which is the discretionary spending, is in blue. This is 1965, 2014, and 2040, the three different pie charts. 
We see that, in 1965, 50 years ago, the 
amount of mandatory spending—that is the automatic spending that occurs year after year after year unless Congress and the President agree to change something—the amount of mandatory spending as a percent of spending was about a third. About a third of all spending for the Federal Government 50 years ago was mandatory spending. So twothirds was discretionary. 
If you think about all of the spending that occurs in Washington, everything that occurs in Washington that people like and want and desire, some people want to change some of it and some people want to raise some things and lower other things. 
that Washington does with the exception of Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and some other more minor mandatory programs—those are the ones on the automatic side—if you think about what Washington does, all of the rest of that is the blue that is the discretionary spending. 
through the agencies of the Federal Government and define what those are. It is transportation. It is commerce. It is justice. It is the court system. It is roads. It is highways. It is infrastructure. It is education. It is energy. It is all of the things. It is defense. It is a remarkable amount and needed amount that we spend in the defense arena. All of those things—all of those things—are the discretionary money. b1115 
That is the blue on this graph. Remember that, in 1965—50 years ago— that was twothirds of the Federal budget. 
essentially, the same numbers as today; although, the blue has decreased a little more. The mandatory side, the automatic side, is now twothirds—not onethird but twothirds—of the spending that comes out of the Federal Government, which means those programs have continued to grow. Again, those are important programs—Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security—and we will address the challenges that they have in a moment. 
thirds of Federal spending, which means that the blue portion, the discretionary portion—that portion that people think about when they think 
about what the Federal Government spends money on, which is, again, defense and infrastructure and education and energy and all of the things that the Federal Government does—has been squeezed, if you will, to onethird of overall spending at the Federal level. 
genesis. Is this important to anybody out there across this great land? 
we have had on the level of spending for defense—yes—or for highways or for infrastructure or for education or for anything that we debate and discuss so as to try our best to represent the American people in a positive way about what kind of money and the number of resources—hardworking taxpayer money—ought to go for those programs. That money is getting decreased. 
is to be able to figure out how to turn this around because, in a few short years, the mandatory side will be threequarters of the spending out of Washington, which means that that discretionary part—that part that people count on to try to grow the economy and make it so that, again, the greatest number of American dreams can be realized by the greatest number of folks in a fair and a compassionate system—will get further and further and further diminished. So there is the challenge that we have, and the difficulty is getting folks to address the mandatory side. 
programs are important. And they are. Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security—those programs—are important. So why not just leave them as they are? People are doing just fine. They think things are rolling along relatively well. Why not just leave them where they are? 
those programs: They are all going broke. Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security—all of them—are running out of resources over a period of time. 
that the promises that the Federal Government has made—to seniors regarding health care, to individuals who take utilization of the Medicaid system, to seniors who have access to Social Security resources to try to make it so that their retirement years are more secure—will not be there. All of those benefits to those individuals that the Nation has promised to them will not be there. They will not be there at the level that has been promised. 
the length of time that it will take for us to have any real challenge in that arena is just too long. You don’t have to worry about it. We have got more than enough time to take care of it. 
The fact of the matter is, Mr. Speaker, it is right around the corner. From Social Security’s standpoint, the disability program was destined to become insolvent next year. What did we do recently? We plugged the hole. We didn’t solve the problem. We plugged the hole, but that doesn’t make it so that it is any less likely that it will be a greater problem as the years go on. 
you that the Medicare system is incredibly important to seniors across this great land. The Medicare system will run out of resources in 2030 to cover the services that have been promised. That is 14, 15 short years away. 
far in the future, just think about the challenge that we had during Y2K, when the millennium turned over. That was just 15 years ago. Most folks remember that. Most folks remember the challenge that we had during that period of time. The fact of the matter is that 15 years is not a long time; so Medicare’s going broke in 15 years is something that we ought not ignore. 
Security go broke? In 2034, which is 4 years after that—a very short period of time. Again, what does it mean if Social Security goes broke? It means that the benefits that have been assured and promised by your Federal Government are not going to be able to be provided to seniors. We think that is wrong. We think that is reckless and immoral to not do anything to fix that. We think it is important to save and strengthen and secure Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. 
with the budget? That gets us to what the Budget Committee did this past year, and I can’t tell you how proud I am of the work that was done on behalf of the Republican majority here in this House of Representatives. 
adopted a budget that would solve the challenges that we have in a way that gets us to a balanced budget, that gets us on a path to paying off the debt, that puts us on a path to solving, saving, strengthening, and securing Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security, and that defines what the role of the Federal Government ought to be for all of the discretionary programs in that blue area. 
the Federal Government level? This is a pie chart that defines, again, the mandatory side and the discretionary side of our spending. Remember, about twothirds of spending at the Federal level is the automatic side. What are those programs? It includes Social Security. 
that we had full numbers, there was $845 billion for Social Security. Medicare: $505 billion for Medicare. Medicaid: $301 billion for Medicaid. Other mandatory programs—which are the others that I have talked about, which are things like food stamps and the like—are at $448 billion. Interest on the debt, which is this one, is about $221 billion. 
for a moment. This is money that is spent to cover the interest on the debt that we already have. The United States has a debt of about $18.2 trillion; so the interest that we pay on that annually now is about $221 billion. It is destined to increase enormously over the next few years, and that has huge consequences, again, on trying to find the greatest amount of opportunity and the greatest amount of success for the greatest number of folks so that the greatest number of American dreams may be realized. 
This is looking at just 10 years. The amount of interest—and that is if interest rates stay relatively reasonable—on the national debt, on the Federal debt, will be $800 billion. It will be close to $1 trillion that is going to be spent just on interest. That is more than on defense. That is more than on Medicaid. That is more than on Medicare. That is more than on education. That is more than on transportation. That is more than on science and space and technology. 
American people say that they want and desire are going to be crowded because of the mandatory spending—the automatic spending, yes—but the interest on the debt is approaching $1 trillion a year. 
do on the Budget Committee is to say to our colleagues and to say to the American people that that is an irresponsible use of hardearned taxpayer dollars to have that level of debt. It means that $1 trillion a year of that hardearned money by the American people, who send it to Washington and expect that it is going to be used in a responsible way, is going to go toward interest on the debt. That doesn’t do a thing to send a kid to college, to buy a house, to pay the rent, to start a business. Any of the kinds of things, again, that the American people say they want are harmed by that level of spending on interest on the national debt. That is why this is so important. 
amount of opportunity and the amount of growth in our economy that will be available to make it so that those 
American dreams can be realized get lessened, and that is why it is so imperative that we address the challenges that we have from an economic standpoint. 
really isn’t a problem. All we need to do is to raise taxes—right?—to take more money from the American people. That is how you solve this problem. 
of revenue—the amount of money— coming into the Federal Government now is at its greatest point ever in real dollars. There is more money being sent to Washington by the American people and by businesses and folks all across this great land to fund the government—more money than ever—than in the history of our society. That is a phenomenal statement because what that means is that, if one believes that one just ought to raise taxes on people and take more hardearned money, then what is the limit? What is the goal? 
greatest amount of opportunity for the greatest number of individuals and to create the greatest amount of success so that the greatest number of American dreams can be realized in a fair and a compassionate system. That is our goal. We don’t believe that that goal is furthered by taking more money from hardearned American taxpayers. 
How do you make it so that you don’t get to a point at which $1 trillion a year is going to cover interest on the Federal debt? 
solved. This is what I call the smile chart. You can see the smile. The fact, however, is that the smile is the blue line there and not the red line. This axis here is the level of debt held as a percent of the gross domestic product. On the lower axis, on the X axis, it goes from 1940 to 2040. Then the dark color here is the graph of what level of debt we had as a Nation from 1940, which was at the beginning of World War II, until now. You see that it goes up and down. 
had in this area was just after World War II, which was when we covered the expenses for the war. It tended to tamp down, and it got into the 20 to 30 percent range of the gross domestic product. That is kind of the range at which economists tell you is the sweet spot for how you get the economy growing and rolling and expanding and creating jobs and opportunities. 
the incredible increase. That was this President and the Federal Government’s response to the economic challenge that we had. What did they do? They printed a lot of money and increased the amount of debt—a huge increase in the amount of debt. 
Now, the red line is where their projections go. It is where the President and his party’s projections go with current programs. Again, those are the programs that we have discussed. That is where their line goes on debt, which expands incredibly. We don’t get to that point on that line because the economy won’t tolerate that. It won’t accommodate that in a way that makes it so that people are going to be able to even find a job, because you can’t take that much money out of the economy and expect the economy to work. 
So what we did was put in place our 
budget, adopt a budget, along with the Senate, that is the blue line. And that means that what we would do is figure out how to solve these challenges, get us on a path to paying off the debt. 
you can begin to pay off the debt. But we have got to get on that path to paying off the debt so that we aren’t utilizing the incredibly hardearned taxpayer money simply for the kind of things that don’t benefit anybody at all; and that is, interest on the debt. You cannot continue to have this level of spending. 
opportunities that we have. We have got a lot of challenges in terms of having our colleagues come onboard and the American people recognizing that these problems are real and they are real right now. 
We began a program in the Committee on the Budget called Restoring the Trust for All Generations. Mr. Speaker, if you had an interest, you could go to our Web site at www.budget.house.gov and look up the program that we have, Restoring the Trust for All Generations, an effort to try to build the critical mass of individuals necessary to say: Yes, we want that greatest amount of opportunity and success for folks so that American Dreams can be realized in a fair and compassionate system. 
occur, we simply must address the mandatory, the automatic spending issues that are so challenging for us. In order to do that, we have got to make certain that we save and strengthen and secure Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and other mandatory programs in a way that makes sense to the American people and put us on a path to being able to solve these challenges. 
I am extremely excited about the opportunities available to us. I am frustrated that we haven’t been able to get to them sooner than now. But I want to assure you, Mr. Speaker, that your Committee on the Budget and the individuals on that committee and the individuals in this Conference, I believe, recognize the challenges that we have and are looking forward, with great anticipation, to 2016, to the leadership from Speaker RYAN and the admonition that he has provided for us to say: Look, we have got to make certain 
that solves and saves and strengthens and secures these programs. We have got to get ourselves on that path to make it so that we can get to a point where we have, indeed, balanced the budget without raising taxes and get ourselves on a path to paying off the debt. 
If we are able to do that, Mr. Speaker, then we will, in fact, be able to stand proudly before the American people and say: What we have done is provided that amount of opportunity and that amount of success for the vast number of the American people so that American Dreams can be realized. 
Christmas and a Happy New Year and look forward to that new year, again, with great anticipation. 
by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with amendments in which the concurrence of the House is requested a bill of the House of the following title: 
exploitation, especially sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered childsex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting foreign governments to notify the United States when a known childsex offender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes. 
Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
education research system to make research and evaluations more timely and relevant to State and local needs in order to increase student achievement. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  
Mr. Jeffrey L. Fiedler, Great Falls, VA. Thank you for your attention to these appointments. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MESSER ) at 1 p.m. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
amendments to the Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 2029. 
That the Senate passed S. 2425. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 1321. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 2425) to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to improve payments for complex rehabilitation technology and certain radiation therapy services, to ensure flexibility in applying the hardship exception for meaningful use for the 2015 EHR reporting period for 2017 payment adjustments, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Patient Access and Medicare Protection Act’’. 
SCHEDULE ADJUSTMENTS FOR WHEELCHAIR ACCESSORIES AND SEAT AND BACK CUSHIONS WHEN FURNISHED IN CONNECTION WITH COMPLEX REHABILITATIVE POWER WHEELCHAIRS. 
other provision of law, the Secretary may implement this subsection by program instruction or otherwise. 
of the United States shall conduct a study on wheelchair accessories (including seating systems) and seat and back cushions furnished in connection with Group 3 complex 
HCPCS codes for such wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions. 
(ii) A breakdown of utilization and expenditures for such wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. 
under the competitive acquisition program under section 1847 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3) with the payment amount that would otherwise be recognized under section 1834 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m), including beneficiary cost sharing, for such wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions. 
back cushions furnished predominantly with Group 3 complex rehabilitative power wheelchairs. 
CERTAIN RADIATION THERAPY SERVICES UNDER THE MEDICARE PHYSICIAN FEE SCHEDULE. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report on the development of an episodic alternative payment model for payment under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act for radiation therapy services furnished in nonfacility settings. 
HARDSHIP EXCEPTION FOR MEANINGFUL USE FOR 2015 EHR REPORTING PERIOD FOR 2017 PAYMENT ADJUSTMENTS. 
and inserting ‘‘by 100, or such number as determined necessary by the Secretary to 
INCENTIVES .—The Secretary shall provide incentives for medicare administrative contractors to reduce the improper payment error rates in their jurisdictions. 
fee payments and additional incentives to medicare administrative contractors that either reduce the improper payment rates in their jurisdictions to certain thresholds, as determined by the Secretary, or accomplish tasks, as determined by the Secretary, that further improve payment accuracy; and 
award fee payments under costplusaward fee contracts, for medicare administrative contractors that reach an upper end improper payment rate threshold or other threshold as determined by the Secretary, or fail to accomplish tasks, as determined by the Secretary, that further improve payment accuracy.’’. 
knowingly and willfully purchases, sells or distributes, or arranges for the purchase, sale, or distribution of a beneficiary identification number or unique health identifier for a health care provider under title XVIII, title XIX, or title XXI shall be imprisoned for not more than 10 years or fined not more than $500,000 ($1,000,000 in the case of a corporation), or both.’’. 
‘‘(iv) furthering the Secretary’s design, development, installation, or enhancement of an automated data system architecture— 
for purposes of program integrity, program oversight, and administration, including the MediMedi Program; and 
‘‘(II) that improves the coordination of requests for data from States.’’. 
this section, the term ‘‘dual eligible individual’’ means an individual who is entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395c et seq.), or enrolled for benefits under part B of title XVIII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.), and is eligible for medical assistance under a State plan under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) or under a waiver of such plan. 
third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Speaker, I offer a privileged concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 104) and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Senate concurring), That when the House adjourns on any legislative day from Friday, December 18, 2015, through Saturday, January 2, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned sine die, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution; and that when the Senate adjourns on any day from Friday, December 18, 2015, through Tuesday, December 22, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned sine die, or until 
the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 3 of this concurrent resolution. 
after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
his designee, after concurrence with the Minority Leader of the Senate, shall notify the Members of the Senate to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed S. 2152. With best wishes, I am 
KAREN L. H AAS. ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 2015, TO TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 2015 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today on a motion offered pursuant to this order, it adjourn to meet at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, December 22, 2015, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in House Concurrent Resolution 104, in which case the House shall stand adjourned sine die pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
education research system to make research and evaluations more timely and relevant to State and local needs in order to increase student achievement; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
S. 2152. An act to establish a comprehensive United States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in subSaharan Africa to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
S. 2261. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve the way beneficiaries are assigned under the Medicare shared savings program by also basing such assignment on services furnished by Federally qualified health centers and rural health clinics; to the Committee on Ways and Means; in addition, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
reported and found truly enrolled bills and a joint resolution of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institutions, and for other purposes. 
Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes. H.R. 3831. An act to amend title XVII of 
the Social Security Act to extend the annual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advantage. 
H.R. 4246. An act to exempt for an additional 4year period, from the application of the meanstest presumption of abuse under chapter 7, qualifying members of reserve components of the Armed Forces and members of the National Guard who, after September 11, 2001, are called to active duty or to perform a homeland defense activity for not less than 90 days. 
the day for the convening of the second session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1090. An act to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide eligibility for broadcasting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes. 
Speaker, pursuant to the order of the House of today, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, December 22, 2015, at 4 p.m., unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its adoption of House Concurrent Resolution 104, in which case the House shall stand adjourned sine die pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Chief, CIPD, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Improvements to Benchmarks and Related Requirements Governing Hearing AidCompatible Mobile Handsets [Docket No.: 15285] Amendment of the Commission’s 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Certification Relating to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action Between the P5+1, the European Union, and Iran (H. Doc. No. 114—83); jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Ways and Means, and Financial Services and ordered to be printed. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
unpaid interns in the Federal government from workplace harassment and discrimination, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114–383). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. S. 1172. An act to improve the process of presidential transition; with an amendment (Rept. 114–384, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. United States Secret Service: An Agency in Crisis (Rept. 114– 385). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committee on Homeland Security discharged from further consideration. S. 1172 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 4290. A bill to provide for certain assistance and reforms relating to the territories, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
HUNTER , Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. R OHRABACHER ): 
security requirements for Syrian and Iraqi refugees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 4292. A bill to provide for research and 
the testing of innovative health care delivery models to improve medication adherence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. NEAL, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. L ARSON  
of Connecticut, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia): 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to ensure that retirement investors receive advice in their best interests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 4294. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that retirement investors receive advice in their best interests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4295. A bill to require the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to increase the rest periods of flight attendants to the same rest periods of pilots; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 4296. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction for host families of foreign exchange and other students from $50 per month to $400 per month; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 4297. A bill to impose certain requirements on the Secretary of the Treasury relating to transmittals of countrybycountry reports for purposes of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Action Plan; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4298. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Army to place in Arlington National Cemetery a memorial honoring the helicopter pilots and crew members of the Vietnam era, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Health Service Act to prevent the Secretary of Health and Human Services from limiting access to excepted benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. BURGESS, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. B ROOKS  
LUMMIS , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. J ONES ): 
flight deck officers program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 4301. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to search all public records to determine if an alien is inadmissable to the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 4302. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to pursue with other countries the goal of the mutual elimination of governmentbacked export credit agencies, and to provide for the abolishment of the Export Import Bank of the United States if doing so would not put the United States at a competitive disadvantage; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 4303. A bill to provide for the establishment of an accountable and humane border security strategy for the international land borders of the United States, address cultural, economic, ecological, environmental and humanitarian impacts of border security infrastructure, measures, and activities along the international land borders of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, the Judiciary, Natural Resources, Agriculture, Foreign Affairs, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of Labor to conduct a study on residual contamination of workers at certain facilities related the Department of Energy’s processing and production of materials that emitted radiation; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 4305. A bill to amend the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 to further enhance the assistance provided by the United States to Ukraine to defend against further aggression by Russia and Russianbacked separatists against Ukraine, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Advisory Committee on Minority Veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. T EDLIEUof California): 
Smithsonian Institution the National Museum of Asian Pacific American History and Culture, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. T EDLIEUof California): 
H.R. 4308. A bill to establish the Commission to Study the Potential Creation of a National Museum of Asian Pacific American History and Culture, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4309. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reimburse each possession of the United States for the cost of the earned income tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. MILLERof Florida, and Ms. S INEMA ): 
and Nationality Act to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to check an alien’s interactions on and posting of material to the Internet prior to the issuance of a visa, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Revenue Service from modifying or amending the standards and regulations governing the substantiation of charitable contributions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
ROYCE , Ms. M ENG, Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , 
Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. W EBER of 
H.R. 4312. A bill to provide for more effective sanctions against Iran’s Revolutionary 
Guard Corps or any of its officials, agents, or 
affiliates to counter support for international terrorism and assistance to the Assad regime in Syria; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Ways and Means, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
providing for the sine die adjournment of the first session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
H. Con. Res. 105. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress regarding the ‘‘Paris Agreement‘‘ announced on December 12, 2015, at the 21st session of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
50th anniversary of the Texas Western College’s 1966 NCAA Basketball Championship and recognizing the groundbreaking impact of the title game victory on diversity in sports and civil rights in the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the President has failed to adequately develop and execute a strategy capable of defeating the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and a significant course correction is necessary at this time to ensure the protection of the people of the United States and United States allies; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H. Res. 574. A resolution calling for a restoration of civil government in Thailand established by fair, free, democratic, and open elections and expressing solidarity with the people of Thailand in their desire for democracy; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
of the Legislature of the State of Kansas, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 1661, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the State of Kansas, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 1661, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4290. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4291. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution, specifically Clauses 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) of such section. 
to enact this legislation is Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18. 
H.R. 4292. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4293. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4294. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives’’; and 
Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills’’; and 
Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes,’’ ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes,’’ and ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 4295. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution, which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 4296. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4297. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4298. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to 
providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 4299. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
H.R. 4300. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have the power to . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 4301. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4302. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4303. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4304. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4306. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4307. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4308. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4309. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8: ‘‘To establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 4311. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in an department or offcer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 4312. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 224: Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 225: Ms. H AHN, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
H.R. 226: Ms. H AHN, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
LEE, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. M CNERNEY, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. 
H.R. 676: Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 711: Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. 
H.R. 969: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. A L 
H.R. 1116: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. S HIMKUS , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
H.R. 1282: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1306: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
YARMUTH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. 
H.R. 1538: Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. O’R OURKE , 
Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and 
H.R. 1655: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. C RAMER , and 
H.R. 1769: Mr. B EYER and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2092: Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
H.R. 2124: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 2197: Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. K APTUR , and Ms. 
H.R. 2224: Ms. K USTER , Mr. R ANGEL , and 
H.R. 2293: Mr. M ICA, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2368: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 2400: Mr. R OSS, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 2411: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
WELCH , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. T AKANO , 
H.R. 2493: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
RANGEL , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 2817: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 2847: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey and Mr. 
H.R. 2903: Ms. M OORE and Mr. R OGERS of 
H.R. 2962: Mr. F OSTER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. 
H.R. 3036: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
POLIQUIN , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B YRNE , and Ms. 
H.R. 3220: Mr. N UNES and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 3268: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois and Mr. 
H.R. 3284: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 3299: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 3326: Mr. L OEBSACK and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 3365: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. T EDLIEU 
H.R. 3481: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3491: Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 3520: Mr. E NGEL . 
New Mexico, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P RICE of 
DELBENE, Ms. K USTER , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. B EYER , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. 
H.R. 3706: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
H.R. 3785: Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. F ATTAH and 
H.R. 3790: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 3799: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia and 
H.R. 3805: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 3808: Mr. Y ODER , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 3841: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN , and Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 3872. Mr. C UMMINGS and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 3886: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
H.R. 3917: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. J OHNSON  
H.R. 3952: Mr. N OLAN and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 4144: Mr. F OSTER and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 4183: Mr. C HABOT and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 4185: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. Y ODER , 
H.R. 4209: Mr. S ERRANO and Ms. W ILSON of 
H.R. 4216: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. R YAN of 
H.R. 4226: Mr. D IAZBALART and Ms. R OS 
H.R. 4240: Mr. K EATING , Mr. C HABOT , and 
H.R. 4242: Ms. M OORE , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, and Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 4251: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 4253: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 4273: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. N OLAN and Mr. W ALZ. 
H. Con. Res. 101: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
of New Mexico, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. 
H. Res. 469: Mr. H IGGINS and Mr. G IBSON . 
H. Res. 553: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H. Res. 554: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, 
Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. L UETKE MEYER , and Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H. Res. 569: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ARNEY , 
Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. 
the City of Miami, Florida, relative to Resolution: R–15–0506, urging the President and 
Congress to protect Venezuelan refugees in the United States and to adjust their immigration status pursuant to H.R. 3744; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8837 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 2015 No. 185 