taking action for bigger paychecks for Americans or rebuilding America’s crumbling infrastructure, House Republicans yesterday introduced legislation to repeal and undermine the Affordable Care Act. 
fundamental guarantees under the ACA that you can no longer lose or be denied coverage due to a preexisting condition. This latest proposal would put coverage for things like maternity care up to the whim of the States. It would include a tax hike on working families and would leave millions uninsured without any coverage at all. 
proposal, and more than 2,000 days after President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act, Republicans still lack a serious alternative. 
are at a record low and hardworking families can afford health care, but Republicans continue their obsession with stripping protections from affordable coverage. 
country. We should be working on putting America back to work. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, what a wonderful opportunity to set the record straight. 
in the House for passing H.R. 596 on Tuesday which repeals ObamaCare in its entirety. This bill also instructs committees to pass solutions that are patientcentered, free market alternatives because ObamaCare is unaffordable. 
I hear it when I am at my son’s football games or when I go to the grocery stores: it is important to Americans that Members up here in Washington are listening to and fighting for them on this issue because the President refuses to. 
Georgia, a $3,500 deductible will cost a 25yearold $333 a month, and it will cost a 60yearold $900 a month. $900 for a $3,500 deductible, that is more like a mortgage payment where I come from. This is the solution that according to the President—the Democrats—that is affordable? Well, it is not affordable, and it is hurting people. 
I am proud to cochair a task force of 
conservative Members who are working towards a patientcentered, free market alternative that respects the freedom of the American citizens. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise today to honor the life of Kyle Ean Long who was born in Sacramento on June 14, 1987, and died on January 10, 2015, at the all too young age of 27. 
born and raised in Sacramento, California, attended local public schools, and was a graduate of Sacramento State University. I became familiar with Kyle when he came to work for me as an intern, quickly rising to a legislative aide in my previous position as a Member of the California State Senate. 
his enthusiasm for bringing people together made him a highly effective legislative staffer. During his tenure in the State senate, Kyle successfully steered bills through the legislative process in California that helped to provide counseling services for rape victims, prohibited pesticides at school sites and child care facilities, and provided school supplies for homeless children. 
member of the California State family, Kyle was a beloved friend, family member, and a member of the broader Sacramento community. He died when he went to his local gym in the morning to start his daily exercise regimen, had a heart attack, and passed away at the all too early age of 27. 
join me in honoring the extraordinary but all too brief life of Kyle Long. 
alarm fire ripped through 240 apartments in Edgewater, New Jersey. The fire completely destroyed the complex and displaced nearly 1,000 residents. You could see and smell the flames and ashes for miles around. 
to the families and recognize and honor the brave men and women of the Edgewater Volunteer Fire Department who responded to this devastating 
blaze, as well as over 500 first responders from 35 municipalities who came to Edgewater, rescued victims, and battled flames that blazed for 7 hours. 
Tom Jacobson, firefighters rescued people from three floors and miraculously managed to prevent any loss of life or severe injuries. 
American Red Cross and other aid organizations, the more than 1,000 displaced people were able to take refuge in the Edgewater Community Center. 
Speaker, in Edgewater, I want to once again extend my gratitude to all the first responders who answer to the call every day and helped prevent further damage in this particular travesty. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H.R. 527. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 78 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 527. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 527) to amend chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure complete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes, with Mr. WESTMORELAND in 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
hour, with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary and 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Small Business. 
Michigan (Mr. C ONYERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. 
Six long years into the Obama administration, and notwithstanding some fleeting, recent signs, jobs have yet to recover from the recession. Wages also have not recovered, and the rate of new business startups has not recovered as well. 
labor force are at historical levels. Real wages have fallen. Dependency on government assistance has increased. Our economy is failing to give enough hardworking Americans the confidence they need to start new small businesses and create new jobs. 
than anything else, the endless drain to Washington of hardearned income that working people and small businesses need to turn things around in their homes and communities and Washington’s endless placement of regulatory roadblocks in the path of opportunity and growth. 
businesses especially hard. Small businesses generate 63 percent of net new private sector jobs and employ nearly half of America’s private sector workers; yet they have to pay significantly more to comply with Federal regulations than do larger employers. 
the level of Federal regulations coming from Washington is at the top of the list of obstacles faced by America’s small businesses, our top job creators. 
This is not fair, and it is exactly the 
wrong burden to place on small businesses as this Nation struggles to produce a true jobs and wages recovery. Congress can and should act to free small businesses of the burdens and waste associated with excessive Federal regulations so that more jobs will be available to Americans trying to make a better life for themselves and their families. 
Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act is so important. This legislation will, for the first time in nearly 20 years, overhaul the laws that govern how Federal regulators should consider—and minimize—the adverse impacts of new regulations on small businesses. 
Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 and the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996. It only requires agencies to do what current law tries to achieve and what common sense dictates should be done. 
loopholes, and those loopholes must be closed. That is what the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act, at long last, does. 
all agencies, not just the current few, work with small business review panels early in the rulemaking process for major rules, before agencies become entrenched in their proposed paths, to help small businesses better and more effectively point out to agencies what is the best path. The bill also requires agencies to assess not just the direct effects of new regulation on small businesses but also indirect effects, which often can be substantial. 
The bill also, for the first time, authorizes the Small Business Administration’s Chief Counsel for Advocacy to be the one consistent authority on regulatory flexibility requirements the law imposes on all agencies. This will, at long last, curb the agencies’ tendencies to interpret the law to suit their own individual whims and will force agencies to focus on the common needs of small business. 
chance to be heard before agencies, effectively, make up their minds. Agencies will have better information upon which to tailor their regulations to reduce unnecessary burdens on small businesses. Agencies will have fewer opportunities to escape requirements to hear those businesses and gather that better information, and small businesses will be freer than they have been in decades to devote their resources to what they do best—create 
the new jobs, products, and services that can drive the economy forward to 
Flexibility Improvements Act recognizes that economic growth ultimately depends on job creators, not regulators. It represents a critical means to convert the recognition into reality. 
Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 527, the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015. 
If you wish further details on this estimate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Matthew Pickford. 
Summary: H.R. 527 would amend the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) to expand the number of rules covered by the RFA and to require agencies to perform additional analysis of regulations that affect small businesses. The legislation also would provide new authorities to the Small Business Administration’s (SBA’s) Office of Advocacy to intervene and provide support for agency 
rulemaking. Finally, H.R. 527 would require the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to report on the implementation of the legislation. 
would cost $55 million over the 2015–2020 period, assuming appropriation of the necessary funds. Enacting the bill could affect direct spending by agencies not funded through annual appropriations; therefore, payasyougo procedures apply. CBO estimates, however, that any net increase in spending by those agencies would not be significant. Enacting H.R. 527 would not affect revenues. 
mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA) and would not affect the budgets of state, local, or tribal governments. 
If any federal agencies increase their mandatory fees to offset the costs of implementing the additional analysis required by the bill, H.R. 527 would increase the cost of an existing mandate on private entities to pay those fees. CBO expects that if such mandatory fees are increased as a result of the bill, the additional cost of the mandate in any one year would fall well below the annual threshold established in UMRA for privatesector mandates ($154 million in 2015, adjusted annually for inflation). 
Estimated Cost to the Federal Government: The estimated budgetary effect of H.R. 527 is shown in the following table. The costs of this legislation fall within budget functions 370 (commerce and housing credit), 800 (general government), and all budget functions that include funding for agencies that issue regulations affecting small businesses. 
assumes that the legislation will be enacted in fiscal year 2015, that the necessary amounts will be appropriated each year, and that spending will follow historical patterns for similar activities. 
CBO is unaware of any comprehensive information on the current level of spending for regulatory activities governmentwide. However, according to the Congressional Research Service, federal agencies issue 3,000 to 4,000 final rules each year. Most rules, regardless of size, are promulgated by the Departments of Transportation, Homeland Security, and Commerce, and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Most major rules (those with an estimated economic impact on the economy of more than $100 million per year) are issued by the Departments of Health and Human Services and Agriculture, and EPA. 
‘‘rule’’ for rulemaking purposes to include agency guidance documents and policy statements. The bill also would expand the scope of the regulatory analysis for proposed and final rules to include an examination of indirect economic effects on small businesses and a more detailed analysis of the possible economic consequences of the rule for small businesses. The legislation defines indirect economic effects as any impact that is reasonably foreseeable. The legislation also would require agencies to prepare reports on the cumulative economic impact on small 
amount of regulatory analysis that agencies would need to prepare, and it would expand the role of the SBA’s Office of Advocacy and the Office of Management and Budget’s Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA) in the rulemaking process. Finally, 
the legislation would require more federal agencies to use panels of experts to evaluate regulations and to prepare reports on the economic impact of proposed regulations on small business. 
federal agencies indicates that the new requirements would increase the cost to issue a few hundred of the thousands of federal regulations issued annually. Based on that information, CBO estimates that administrative costs in some regulatory agencies, the SBA’s Office of Advocacy, and OIRA would eventually increase by a total of about $12 million annually, subject to the availability of appropriated funds. We expect that it would take about three years to reach that level of effort. The GAO report on the impact of the legislation of the Office of Advocacy would cost less than $500,000 to complete, subject to the availability of appropriated funds. 
PayAsYouGo considerations: The Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 establishes budgetreporting and enforcement procedures for legislation affecting direct spending or revenues. Enacting H.R 527 could affect direct spending by agencies not funded through annual appropriations; therefore, payasyougo procedures apply. CBO estimates, however, that any net increase in spending by those agencies would not be significant. 
Intergovernmental and privatesector impact: H.R. 527 contains no intergovernmental mandates as defined in UMRA and would not affect the budgets of state, local, or tribal governments. 
If any federal agencies increase their mandatory fees to offset the costs of implementing the additional analysis required by the bill, H.R. 527 would increase the cost of an existing mandate on private entities to pay those fees. CBO expects that if such mandatory fees are increased as a result of the bill, the additional cost of the mandate in any one year would fall well below the annual threshold established in UMRA for privatesector mandates ($154 million in 2015, adjusted annually for inflation). 
Matthew Pickford and Susan Willie; Impact on State, Local, and Tribal Governments: Melissa Merrell; Impact on the Private Sector: Paige Piper/Bach. 
report on H.R. 527 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this issue and others between our respective committees. 
your letter regarding H.R. 527, the ‘‘Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015.’’ As you noted, the Committee on Small Business was granted an additional referral of the bill. 
discharge the Committee on Small Business from further consideration of H.R. 527 so that it could proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Small Business is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. 
I will include a copy of our letters in the 
Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act, threatens to substantially undermine agencies’ abilities to effectively regulate areas such as consumer health and product safety, environmental protections, workplace safety, and financial industry misconduct. 
businesses from allegedly burdensome regulatory requirements, this bill is just another attempt to prevent regulatory agencies from promulgating regulations that promote and protect the health and safety of Americans, overwhelm regulatory agencies with unnecessary and costly analysis, and give wellfinanced businesses and antiregulatory organizations even more opportunities to thwart the rulemaking process. 
has threatened to veto this legislation, stating that the bill would seriously undermine the ability of agencies to execute their statutory mandates and would impede the ability of agencies to provide the public with basic protections. 
It also explains why many of the Nation’s leading consumer, labor, and environmental organizations have expressed similar concerns about this ‘‘dangerous’’ measure, including the AFL–CIO, the American Lung Association, the Consumer Federation of America, the Consumers Union, the Natural Resources Defense Council, Public Citizen, the United Auto Workers, and the National Women’s Law Center. 
this bill is that it could jeopardize America’s health and safety. Our Federal agencies are charged with promulgating regulations that impact virtually every aspect of our lives, including the air we breathe, the water we drink, the food we eat, the cars we drive, and even the toys we give our children. 
provide services and goods that also affect our lives. It makes no difference to a victim who breathes contaminated air or who drinks poisoned water whether the hazards were caused by a small or a large business. The far reaching legislation before us today would undermine the ability of Federal agencies to quickly respond to emergent health and safety concerns. 
Section 5 of the bill, for example, repeals the authority under the current law that allows an agency to waive or delay the initial analysis required under the Regulatory Flexibility Act in response to an emergency that makes timely compliance impracticable. So, if there is a widespread E. coli outbreak or an imminent environmental disaster that could be quickly addressed through regulation, this bill says: Don’t worry. Don’t rush. Let’s have the Chief Counsel for Advocacy decide. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
floor with bills, which sometimes are bipartisan and sometimes are not, that the President says he is going to veto them. I hope that is not the case, because when it comes to saying that the President is going to veto and his actually doing it, they are two different things. I hope the President works with us on this. 
aisle here and to the other side of the Capitol to simply say to the regulators that this bill does not want to regulate 
the regulators. It wants the regulators to use common sense and to get input from the American people—the middle class—and from the people who create jobs, the small businesses, to see what they have to say. 
I worked in a factory before I went to 
college and law school, and I worked my way up to midlevel management. When we did things, I brought in everyone—the people who even worked the machinery. We talked about things, and we resolved many, many things, but we got input from everyone. 
As far as letters from people who support the bill, I have a list of 159 names and businesses. This is dated February 3, 2015, from A to Z—from the Adhesive and Sealant Council to woodworking machinery associations. All of these 159 small businesses support this legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, today I rise in opposition to H.R. 527, the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act. 
paralyze agency rulemaking through unworkable, complex requirements while aggrandizing the powers of the Small Business Administration’s Office of Advocacy with broad authority to act as the gatekeeper of our Nation’s regulatory system. 
H.R. 527 would allow for large, regulated industries to manipulate the regulatory system in their favor while delaying or blocking critical safeguards to safeguard our Nation’s food supply, environment, and workforce. 
That is why the American Sustainable Business Council, a coalition of partner organizations representing over 200,000 businesses and more than 325,000 business professionals, opposes this legislation. This coalition notes 
that H.R. 527 would erode ‘‘the operational capacity of regulatory agencies to do their jobs,’’ allowing for ‘‘the largest firms to further dominate the marketplace.’’ In other words, H.R. 527 is a thinlyveiled handout to large corporations. 
smart regulation across party lines but not deregulation. Over 70 percent of Americans support strong rules to ensure an open Internet. By a 2–1 margin, Americans across the political spectrum support rules to address climate change by limiting emissions from coalfired plants. Sixty percent of Americans support the strict regulation of financial institutions, tougher enforcement, and remain deeply concerned about dangerous financial practices. 
These are the same rules in the crosshairs of the radical deregulatory agenda of my Republican colleagues. 
the same laissezfaire rhetoric of deregulation that led to the Great Depression and the Great Recession. H.R. 
527 is more of the same. Another handout for the largest corporate interests, that is what this is. It is another bill designed to deregulate industries instead of to promote actual governance in order to deceive Americans through fuzzy math and untried and unfounded rhetoric. 
to help real people. We need legislation that creates middle class security and opportunity, and we need sensible regulations that protect American families from financial ruin, that encourage competition, and that bring predatory financial practices to an end. 
United States in conformity with the rest of the world’s employment policies by guaranteeing paid sick leave and parental leave—I should say the world’s industrialized economies’ employment practices. According to the Rutgers Center for Women and Work, paid family leave increases wages for women with children while saving the Federal Government funds that would otherwise be allocated to assistance programs. 
our global competitiveness by creating an affordable higher education. Strong evidence from a Department of Education report roundly demonstrates that investing in our education system expands job opportunities, boosts America’s competitiveness, and supports the kind of income mobility that is fundamental to a growing economy. 
In other words, what we need is actual governance that helps middle class families, that grows the economy, and that promotes international competitiveness. 
What we don’t need is yet another deregulatory bill that would increase complexity in our regulatory system while placing a finger on the scales in favor of corporations and against the public interest. I ask that my colleagues oppose H.R. 527. 
these couple of days. This administration alone has implemented over 75,000 pages of new regulations. I just read some figures earlier on this morning that, if we get rid of this ridiculous regulation—and I am not saying all regulation; we do need oversight regulation—almost $1 trillion a year will be added to the economy and almost 1 million people will be added to work on a yearly basis. This is just excellent stuff. 
my district, Pennsylvania’s 10th District. I live in a little village called Cogan Station outside of Williamsport, which is the home of Little League World Series Baseball. I live in the middle of five farms, and I have been there for 15 years. 
Act, the Army Corps of Engineers and the EPA have said that, if it rains and if a puddle forms on the farm—in an attempt for this administration to get 
more control over our lives—because of the Navigable Waters Act, the EPA and the Army Corps have control now over that farm and can shut it down. 
Now, I have been there for 15 years in 
the middle of these five farms, and I have yet to see as much as a rowboat go through. So this is just an example of how ridiculous this legislation can get. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
distinct honor to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. HUELSKAMP ), my good friend, to speak 
Washington, D.C., I believe we have too many people working on K Street looking out for Wall Street when we should be, instead, fighting for Main Street. It is our Main Street businesses, our small businesses, that are the heart and soul of our economy and without which there will be no economic recovery. 
of a lackluster economy in part because our hardworking small business men and women are strangled by this administration’s overregulation. During my 267 town hall meetings throughout my district in the last 4 years, the number one complaint is this: there is too much regulation on small business from faceless, nameless bureaucrats in Washington, D.C., who don’t understand the needs of rural America. 
It is time for some red tape relief. It 
is time for some regulatory certainty. It is time to free up Main Street so they can kickstart our economy and get America back to work. As an active member of the Committee on Small Business, I encourage my colleagues to join me and millions and millions of small business entrepreneurs all across America and pass this bill today. 
I would like to continue our discussion on this side. 
colleagues, is that it will waste millions of taxpayer dollars by forcing agencies to redirect their scarce resources to meet the bill’s burdensome compliance requirements. Section 6 of the bill, for example, would require agencies to review not only all rules currently in effect, but, in addition, all guidance documents in effect as of the bill’s date of enactment. Now, we are talking about thousands of pages of regulations in the Code of Federal Regulations and several hundred thousand guidance documents. 
So, what is to be gained by that? Thus, it is no wonder that the Congressional Budget Office estimated that it would cost $45 million over a 5 year period to implement the new requirements imposed under a substantively similar bill considered in the last Congress. Rather than burdening agencies responsible for protecting our health and safety, we should be exploring constructive ways to help small business comply with these regulations. 
small businesses, while simultaneously giving corporate interests increased control over the rulemaking process. The bill’s expansion in section 8 of judicial review to include challenges to the adequacy of regulatory flexibility analysis would open the door to endless litigation by wellfunded antiregulatory business interests who could challenge agency compliance with the legislation’s numerous vague, speculative, and cumbersome analytical and other requirements. 
they are going and where they are coming from. I share my colleagues’ belief that small business plays an important role in our economy, but this bill does nothing to alleviate the burden, the purported burden on small entities of complying with Federal regulations. In fact, it includes no provision that offers assistance to small entities, whether through subsidies, governmentguaranteed loans, preferential tax treatment for small firms, or fully funded compliance assistance offices. Instead, the bill merely aggrandizes the power of the professional lobbying class in Washington, creating opportunities for a wellfunded business interest to intervene in the process. 
the health and safety of all Americans at risk, while adding nothing to the efficiency or costeffectiveness of agency rulemaking. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to oppose this dangerous legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
having oversight over any business, but let me give you a couple of examples, again, from my district where a small community bank, who is the primary lender of small businesses, instead of hiring more tellers to expand the business and provide better service for their small business clients, had to hire three people just to review and keep up with regulatory reform that applies to large national and international banks who are lending hundreds of millions of dollars. 
banks. They are lending money to the young man and woman who got a job, saved some money, want to buy a car, and have to go to the bank and say: Can you lend me $10,000? The paperwork that the bank has to go through to do that is costing jobs and costing our economy. 
of my constituents. The Amish in my district were putting a roof on a small barn they had. OSHA stopped by and 
shut it down and fined the Amish because they didn’t have helmets on. They only had their straw hats. So he put them out of work for a couple of weeks. They had to pay a fine, and then they have to go buy helmets to put a small roof on a small barn. 
who has a little grocery store, and he just had a shipment of bread delivered. It just so happened that an inspector was there, and the bread was brought in through the dock door and set next to, inside the dock door. He was fined because the bread, which is wrapped and on racks, was sitting too close to the dock door. 
which we are referring that crush jobs and are killing this economy. One of the inspectors was asked: Why are you doing this? 
The inspector simply said, and according to my constituent, arrogantly said: Because I can. 
the United States Government to be talking to someone who helps pay his wages. 
good piece of legislation. This is common sense, and this is very simple. 
Let’s make the regulators do more with less. There are no agencies or departments in the Federal Government that can tell me that they are running as efficiently as they possibly can. 
said it is going to cost a great deal to have this rule, this legislation, implemented and the departments and agencies follow the rule. No. You know what the departments and agencies have to do? They have to do just exactly what small business operators throughout this country do: do more with less, and put in a good, hard day’s work. 
H.R. 527, the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015. 
I want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE as well as Chairman M ARINO for 
the opportunity to work with them on this important piece of legislation. 
country’s success. They provide a means for millions of workers and their families to attain the American Dream. They employ one out of every two private sector workers and create two of every three new private sector jobs. 
There are over 926,000 small businesses in my home State of Ohio. Small firms rarely have inhouse legal departments or regulatory compliance experts on staff. Often, it is the small business owner, the individual running the business and meeting payroll, who also must keep up with regulations and the payment of taxes. 
construction firms want to comply with the law. However, when they divert resources to costly regulatory compliance, they cannot hire workers or start new projects or make other job creation investments. 
If there is a way to find less expensive means to achieving regulatory objectives of our agencies, small businesses could protect the environment and workers and still create the good middle class jobs that this country needs. 
Flexibility Act, or RFA, which requires agencies to understand the costs to small businesses and find less costly alternatives while meeting the regulatory missions required by statute. However, despite admonitions by multiple Presidents, including the current one, agencies continue to ignore the RFA. 
Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015, addresses a goal shared by virtually all Republicans and some Democrats and will ensure that agencies no longer ignore the law and craft more costeffective regulations. The bill will force agencies to analyze both direct and reasonably foreseeable indirect effects of their rules, just as they are required to do when promulgating major regulations that affect the environment under the National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA. 
the regulatory process so that agencies do not craft regulations that are so cost prohibitive that small businesses cannot comply, and seeks to ensure consistent application of the RFA by all agencies through regulations written by the Chief Counsel for Advocacy, a process first used to ensure that all agencies performed adequate environmental impact statements under NEPA. 
nothing in H.R. 527 will prevent an agency from issuing a regulation. H.R. 527, to paraphrase President Ronald Reagan, simply requires that agencies 
adopt commonsense regulations that achieve their objectives while reducing unnecessary burdens on our best job creators, which are small businesses. About 70 percent of the jobs that are created in our economy nowadays are created by small businesses, after all. That is why the legislation has bipartisan support, and over 150 associations representing the full range of small businesses support passage of this legislation. 
will work, it is important the committee report filed by the gentleman from Virginia be read together with the committee report on the predecessor bill, H.R. 2542 filed in the 113th Congress by my predecessor as chairman of the Committee on Small Business, the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. GRAVES . With that, I urge my colleagues to 
support this very good legislation, I believe, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
very important issue for small businesses, and it is an issue that is always on their minds. Complicated rules and duplicative requirements can create burdens for small firms across a wide range of industries. Unchecked regulations can reduce companies’ profitability, causing them to reduce employment and, in the worst cases, even go out of business. 
President Barack Obama has taken strong actions. He has issued several broadbased executive orders on rulemaking. Most importantly, he instructed agencies to conduct retrospective review of their regulations. These reviews have resulted in nearterm cost savings to the U.S. economy of $10 billion. 
estimate the costs and benefits of regulations, consider less burdensome alternatives, and incorporate those that are affected by regulations into the rulemaking process. 
helping to rein in regulatory costs, while ensuring that agencies can carry out their mission. It is against this backdrop that we are considering the bill before us today. 
Too often on the House floor legislation is painted as either being totally perfect or completely awful. With this bill, neither of these characterizations is appropriate. In fact, on many fronts, H.R. 527 contains several very positive provisions and will make a real difference for small businesses. 
Many of these provisions were contained in legislation that passed out of the Small Business Committee when I was the chair. Together with current Chairman CHABOT , who was then the 
ranking member, we passed a regulatory reform bill unanimously out of our committee. 
agency’s reg flex analyses more detailed so that they cannot simply overlook their obligations to small businesses. It also gives ‘‘real teeth’’ to periodic regulatory lookbacks, which require agencies to review outdated regulations that remain on the books. Agencies will also be required to evaluate the entire impact of their regulations, something that is long overdue. And it cannot go without mention that the bill brings the IRS under the purview of the RFA. This is a real improvement for small firms, who will undoubtedly benefit from greater scrutiny of complex and burdensome tax rules. These are all constructive changes that will bring real relief to small businesses. 
so many new agencies to the panel process is a recipe for disaster. Such a dramatic change will require new bureaucratic processes, more staff, and more paperwork. 
on the other side of the aisle that this bill attempts to reduce Federal regulation by dramatically expanding the role and scope of government. 
It also applies reg flex to land management plans, something I have never heard small businesses complain about in my 17 years on the committee. Doing so will enable corporate interests to more readily challenge land use decisions, which could have adverse consequences for the environmental stewardship of public lands. The reality is that the RFA was just not intended to cover these types of actions, and it should not do so going forward. 
Another headscratcher is the creation of another office of size standard within the Small Business Administration. The SBA already has one and does not need two. There is simply no reason to create this bureaucratic duplication. I think both sides of the aisle would agree that, during a time of fiscal constraint, we do not need to be wasting money on a new office when it already exists in the very same agency. 
the Office of Advocacy’s footprint has traditionally been minimal, with a budget of $9 million and 46 employees. According to CBO, its budget would have to potentially double to handle the new responsibilities of H.R. 527. 
CBO also notes that the private sector could also face increased costs. Federal agencies will likely charge the private sector higher fees to carry out the new responsibilities under this bill. 
make costly statutory leaps when smaller steps are more appropriate. 
It is important to remember that tinkering with our regulatory system will not turn the economy around and create jobs that we need in our communities. In order to make real inroads, we need to, instead, provide businesses with the capital they need to start up and grow through affordable lending and getting more customers through their doors. The best way to achieve that is by increasing the Federal minimum wage. 
detracts us from the real task at hand: creating real jobs through substantive progrowth policies. 
and some not so good things in this bill. I want to acknowledge the effort by the bill’s managers, but in the end, it is not something that I can support, given the imposition of too many questionable policies. However, I want to thank Chairman CHABOT for always 
being open to discussions, and I look forward to continuing our dialogue on this legislation. 
the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ), who is a new member of the Committee on Small Business. 
today in support of H.R. 527, to grant longoverdue relief from Federal regulations for small business owners. 
me as a Representative from California. As of 2012, California had more small businesses and employees than any other State, according to the Small Business Association. 
stop regulation. It just asks for some common sense. When we are looking at small business, all we want is for them to make money, morally and ethically, so that they can expand, so that they can hire, so that they can produce for our country. Well, this is a step in the right direction. Analyzing direct and indirect impacts is something that we should want from our government, federally and statewide. 
The best way Congress can help is cutting some of the burdensome red tape and letting job creators do what they do best—and maybe letting us get out of the way. 
spend thousands of dollars and hundreds of hours trying to understand and comply with regulations that might not help, we should let them focus on getting Americans back to work. 
minute to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ), who is also a new member 
voice my support for this bipartisan effort to ensure that small businesses and their employees are not overburdened by regulations. 
how government intrusion and overregulation can increase costs, decrease efficiency, and ultimately harm hardworking individuals and their families. These taxpayers deserve a responsive government that is efficient, effective, and accountable to them. 
favorable to job creation, Federal agencies cannot be allowed to bypass their obligation to measure the direct and indirect economic effects regulations have on businesses. Ultimately, these businesses—the economic engines of our communities—should have the freedom to pursue safe, responsible opportunities unhampered by burdensome rulemaking and red tape. 
As a result, communities and businesses, like those represented by the Nevada Manufacturers Association, will thrive. That is why, Mr. Chairman, I stand alongside my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to cosponsor this bill. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ), who is also a new member of the Small Business Committee. 
chairman for being a strong advocate for our Nation’s emerging entrepreneurs. I look forward to serving under your leadership on the Small Business Committee. 
employ our friends and neighbors, helping them pay their bills and provide a better life for themselves and their families. 
businesses, it is not just about the entrepreneurs. It is also about helping the workers that depend on them for their paychecks. It is not just about strengthening Main Street; it is also about keeping our neighbors strong and prosperous. We should never forget the vital role that our local businesses play in our communities. 
Flexibility Improvements Act upholds this commitment. Current law requires an analysis to determine if a new rule could have ‘‘significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.’’ Unfortunately, our government agencies have failed to comply with the law’s spirit. 
legislation targets loopholes agencies use to avoid Regulatory Flexibility Act requirements. It also requires agencies to include assessments on the cumulative impacts a new rule may have on small businesses. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Now is the time for us to focus on 
creating wellpaying jobs for our communities. I urge my colleagues to vote for passage. 
Since its enactment in 1980, the Regulatory Flexibility Act has reduced the burden of Federal rules on small businesses. It has evolved over time to include new tools, expanding its purview, and making a real difference for entrepreneurs across the country. 
legislation before us makes some essential changes, such as requiring more robust reviews of existing regulations and ensuring that new rules are more thoroughly examined. This improvement will give small firms a greater voice, while reducing the compliance costs they face in so many facets of their business; however, in other areas, the bill goes too far. 
and growing taxpayer anger at how tonedeaf Congress has become, H.R. 527 will dramatically expand the Federal bureaucracy at a cost of nearly $60 million. 
It also turns the SBA’s Office of Advocacy into another superregulator, giving it unprecedented authority to issue regulations and greatly increase its role into judicial proceedings. 
think that I do not appreciate the fine work that the Office of Advocacy does on behalf of small businesses, but what this bill does is setting them up for failure. 
does nothing to pay for it. Instead, it leaves taxpayers with just another bill. 
small businesses, this is not the best and most costeffective way to do it. In fact, there is no clear estimate of how much savings small businesses will actually receive as a result of this legislation. 
accomplish these very objectives but without the extravagance of this legislation. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
myself such time as I may consume to close. 
craft onesizefitsall regulations that do not account for the impact on small businesses. It is our job to remember that what affects small businesses also affects families that depend on those small businesses. 
Agencies can still achieve their regulatory objectives while creating smarter, more narrowlytailored regulations that are sensitive to small businesses. 
doing what the RFA requires—outreach to small business and assessment of economic impacts. If that is the case, agencies should have no problem meeting the new requirements of this legislation. It simply ensures that agencies comply with the letter and spirit of the RFA, as President Obama stated in a memorandum to agencies on January 18, 2011. 
support the bill, and yield back the balance of my time. 
today in support of H.R. 527, the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act. 
Madam Chair, for too long, small businesses have had to conform to a ‘‘one size fits all’’ approach. The intent of the original law, which was passed in 1980, was to lessen the burden on small businesses when conforming to regulatory issues. 
abused certain loopholes in the codes, to enforce often arbitrary costs to those businesses. These additional expenditures are far too often the difference between a small business thriving or going under. 
Samoa, our local economy is absolutely dependent upon small businesses and their success. This legislation will enable those who own small businesses across the nation and the territories to have a greater degree of certainty when planning for the future of their 
business, by allowing for input into the regulatory process from the business owners themselves. This legislation will also require those rule making agencies to regularly review the regulations that are already on the books and what impact they are having small businesses. 
staff for their hard work in bringing this bill to the floor, and I firmly voice my support for H.R. 527, the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act and urge my colleagues in the House to also support this important measure. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of an amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–3. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Business 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
impact’ means, with respect to a proposed or final rule— 
compliance costs and effects on revenue) on small entities which is reasonably foreseeable and results from such rule (without regard to whether small entities will be directly regulated by the rule).’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking the first sentence and inserting ‘‘Each initial regulatory flexibility analysis shall also contain a detailed description of alternatives to the proposed rule which minimize any adverse significant economic impact or maximize any beneficial significant economic impact on small entities.’’. 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘minimize the significant economic impact’’ and inserting ‘‘minimize the adverse significant economic impact or maximize the beneficial significant economic impact’’. 
United States Code, is amended in the first sentence— 
amendment to a land management plan,’’ after ‘‘United States,’’. 
United States Code, is amended in the first sentence— 
Agriculture under section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604); and 
the Interior under section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712). 
means any change to a land management plan which— 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘or 
a recordkeeping requirement, and without regard to whether such requirement is imposed by statute or regulation.’’. 
‘‘(ii) in the case of any other enterprise, has 
a net worth that does not exceed $7,000,000 and has not more than 500 employees. 
Section 602 of title 5, United States Code, is 
North American Industrial Classification System that is primarily affected by any rule which the agency expects to propose or promulgate which is likely to have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities; and’’; and 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
which may duplicate, overlap, or conflict with the proposed rule, or the reasons why such a description could not be provided; 
impact on small entities or a specific class of small entities; and 
regulatory flexibility analysis available to the public, including placement of the entire analysis on the agency’s website, and shall publish in the Federal Register the final regulatory flexibility analysis, or a summary thereof which includes the telephone number, mailing address, and link to the website where the complete analysis may be obtained.’’. 
605 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
607 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
a detailed statement explaining why quantification is not practicable or reliable.’’. 
of the enactment of this section, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration shall, after opportunity for notice and comment under section 553, issue rules governing agency compliance with this chapter. The Chief Counsel may modify or amend such rules after notice and comment under section 553. This chapter (other than this subsection) shall not apply with respect to the issuance, modification, and amendment of rules under this paragraph. 
Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration may intervene in any agency adjudication (unless such agency is authorized to impose a fine or penalty under such adjudication), and may inform the agency of the impact that any decision on the record may have on small entities. The Chief Counsel shall not initiate an appeal with respect to any adjudication in which the Chief Counsel intervenes under this subsection. 
comments in response to any agency notice requesting comment, regardless of whether the agency is required to file a general notice of proposed rulemaking under section 553.’’. 
Section 609 of title 5, United States Code, is 
agency in making the proposed rule, including the draft of the proposed rule; and 
beneficial economic impacts of the proposed rule on small entities and the type of small entities that might be affected. 
of small entities or a combination of both for the purpose of obtaining advice, input, and recommendations from those persons about the potential economic impacts of the proposed rule 
of the economic impact of the proposed rule on small entities, including an assessment of the proposed rule’s impact on the cost that small entities pay for energy, an assessment of the proposed rule’s impact on startup costs for small entities, and a discussion of any alternatives that will minimize adverse significant economic impacts or maximize beneficial significant economic impacts on small entities. 
consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local governments, tribal organizations, or geographic regions; 
employment, investment, productivity, innovation, or on the ability of United Statesbased enterprises to compete with foreignbased enterprises in domestic and export markets; or 
Section 610 of title 5, United States Code, is 
the agency which the head of the agency determines have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. Such determination shall be made without regard to whether the agency performed an analysis under section 604. The purpose of the review shall be to determine whether such rules should be continued without change, or should be amended or rescinded, consistent with the stated objectives of applicable statutes, to minimize any adverse significant economic impacts or maximize any beneficial significant economic impacts on a substantial number of small entities. Such plan may be amended by the agency at any time by publishing the revision in the Federal Register and subsequently placing the amended plan on the agency’s website. 
all such agency rules existing on the date of the enactment of this section within 10 years of the date of publication of the plan in the Federal Register and for review of rules adopted after the date of enactment of this section within 10 years after the publication of the final rule in the Federal Register. If the head of the agency determines that completion of the review of existing rules is not feasible by the established date, the head of the agency shall so certify in a statement published in the Federal Register and may extend the review for not longer than 2 years after publication of notice of extension in the Federal Register. Such certification and notice shall be sent to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration and the Congress. 
Ombudsman and the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration. 
duplicates, or conflicts with other Federal rules and, unless the head of the agency determines it to be infeasible, State, territorial, and local 
evaluated or the degree to which technology, economic conditions, or other factors have changed in the area affected by the rule. 
the Federal Register and on its website a list of rules to be reviewed pursuant to such plan. The agency shall include in the publication a solicitation of public comments on any further inclusions or exclusions of rules from the list, and shall respond to such comments. Such publication shall include a brief description of the rule, the reason why the agency determined that it has a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities (without regard to whether it had prepared a final regulatory flexibility analysis for the rule), and request comments from the public, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration, and the Regulatory Enforcement Ombudsman concerning the enforcement of the rule.’’. 
THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE REGULATORY FLEXIBILITY ACT AVAILABLE AFTER PUBLICATION OF THE FINAL RULE. 
which the date of final agency action is the same date as the publication of the final rule,’’ after ‘‘except that’’. 
612 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘chapter 5, and chapter 7,’’ after ‘‘this chapter,’’. 
SMALL BUSINESS CONCERN SIZE STANDARDS BY CHIEF COUNSEL FOR ADVOCACY. 
definitions or standards by which a business concern may be determined to be a small business concern for purposes of this Act or the Small Business Investment Act of 1958; and 
specify such definitions or standards for purposes of any other Act.’’. 
‘‘(iii) except in the case of a size standard prescribed by the Administrator, is approved by the Chief Counsel for Advocacy.’’. 
action for judicial review of a rule which includes a definition or standard approved by the Chief Counsel for Advocacy under this subsection, the party seeking such review shall be entitled to join the Chief Counsel as a party in such action.’’. 
5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
for chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code, is amended as follows: 
agency shall, in its sole discretion, taking into account the subject matter of the rule and the language of relevant statutes, ensure that the guide is written using sufficiently plain language likely to be understood by affected small entities. Agencies may prepare separate guides covering groups or classes of similarly affected small entities and may cooperate with associations of small entities to distribute such guides. In developing guides, agencies shall solicit input from affected small entities or associations of affected small entities. An agency may prepare guides and apply this section with respect to a rule or a group of related rules.’’. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete and publish a study that examines whether the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration has the capacity and resources to carry out the duties of the Chief Counsel under this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 114–14. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in 
the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114–14. 
Page 1, line 11, strike ‘‘a rule’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘a rule’’ on line 13 and insert the following: ‘‘— 
the rights of and benefits for veterans or part 232 of title 32 of the Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on July 1, 2014) or any successor provisions thereto; or 
Page 11, insert after line 14 (and redesignate succeeding subparagraphs accordingly) the following: 
the following: ‘‘of title 5, United States Code,’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 78, the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) and a 
amendment is very straightforward and has a singular goal of making sure that we are not making our Active Duty servicemembers more vulnerable to predatory lending. 
make sacrifices every day to protect our country from harm and to defend our freedoms, and it is our responsibility here in Congress to ensure that these men and women are protected from scams and predatory lenders that seek to exploit their service. 
nature of military service makes our men and women in uniform the ideal targets for predatory loans that carry exorbitant interest rates. 
is home to the largest concentration of military forces in the world. More than 100,000 Active Duty servicemembers call the region home. Predatory lending is an acute problem in my district and in the region and continues to hurt too many families. 
Despite passage of the Military Lending Act of 2007 to eliminate this type of predatory lending, which too often leaves servicemembers and their families with crippling amounts of debt, there are a number of loopholes that these badacting lenders have continued to exploit. 
trapping servicemembers and their families in a cycle of debt that can be extremely difficult to overcome, and it is our responsibility, and we are able to act. 
been made to call on the Department of Defense to issue rules that close the loopholes and ensure our Active Duty personnel do not fall victim to predatory practices that leave them financially strapped. 
This amendment would keep regulations on predatory lenders so that we are maintaining a watchful eye on those companies that are exploiting those who have sacrificed so much for our safety, even as we move to reform and streamline the regulatory processes on businesses that are playing by the rules. 
I want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE of the Judiciary Committee and 
Chairman C HABOT of the Small Business Committee for working with me over the past few days on this amendment, and for their commitment to working on a bipartisan basis to protect our servicemembers. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I want to thank the gentleman for offering this amendment, and I think this is a good example of the way bipartisanship should work. The gentleman offered, I think, a very constructive amendment. We committed that our staffs and the Members would work together on the gentleman’s amendment, and most of us have agreed with the amendment and do support it now, so we thank him for his leadership on this amendment. 
We strongly support our servicemembers and veterans. Our Nation owes them an enormous debt and the utmost respect. 
was added to this legislation to allow rules that protect the rights and benefits of veterans to bypass the RFA process. That amendment is carried forward in today’s legislation. 
yet place on the same plane rules written to protect Active Duty servicemembers from predatory lending. This amendment reconciles that difference, and so we again commend the gentleman for offering it. 
very small number of technical corrections to the text of the bill. In each of these ways, the amendment improves the bill. I would urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ). 
simply want to say that I support this legislation. I tell my children on a weekly basis—they can recite it verbatim—that if it were not for our veterans, if it were not for our military personnel and our servicemembers that are working now, my children wouldn’t have what they have today. So I want to reinforce that. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 2 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 114–14. 
Beginning on page 13, line 18, strike section 5 (and redesignate provisions accordingly). 
House Resolution 78, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C ONYERS ) and a 
would preserve the ability of agencies to quickly respond to emergencies that threaten America’s health and safety by striking one of the most pernicious elements of this legislation. 
the bill’s most problematic provisions. As drafted, it could undermine the ability of agencies to quickly respond to emergent health and safety risks. 
under current law that allows an agency to waive or delay the initial analysis required under the Regulatory Flexibility Act ‘‘in response to an emergency that makes compliance or timely compliance impracticable.’’ 
Rather than leave this critical exception under current law in place, section 5 replaces it with a provision empowering the Chief Counsel for Advocacy to issue regulations about how agencies, in general, should comply with the act, without any provision allowing agencies to respond to emergencies through expedited rulemakings. 
pandemic or environmental disaster that could be avoided or mitigated through regulation, the bill prevents agencies from responding to such emergencies without first having to go through the arduous and timeconsuming task of review and analysis. 
guidance to assist hospitals in preparing to provide inpatient care for Ebola patients. 
H.R. 527, however, would have significantly delayed this process. This is because the legislation broadly applies to both rules and interim guidance, requiring agencies to undertake a burdensome analysis and review process prior to issuing even interim guidance. 
emergency exception, there would have been no way for OSHA to quickly act in the face of a possible Ebola outbreak. 
This amendment would simply preserve the critical emergency exception under current law so that agencies can quickly respond to emergencies without being hampered or secondguessed by others. 
commonsense amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
the key failings of existing law is that it allows different agencies to interpret differently the terms of the Regulatory Flexibility Act and Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act. This allows agencies to find loopholes 
at their pleasure and evade the requirements of the law. 
granting the Small Business Administration’s Office of Chief Counsel for Advocacy authority to write regulations to govern all agencies’ compliance with the RFA and SBREFA. 
Chief Counsel authority to intervene— the key word there, ‘‘intervene’’—in agency adjudications and offer comments in agency noticeandcomment proceedings. These reforms will, at last, assure consistent compliance with the RFA and the SBREFA across the entire Federal Government. 
purpose and restore to the agencies their ability to find loopholes to suit their whims. America’s small business creators deserve better than that. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
So if there is a looming environmental disaster or a national pandemic like Ebola that could be mitigated through regulation, this bill says: ‘‘Don’t worry, don’t rush. Let’s have the Office of Advocacy decide.’’ 
And what is this Office of Advocacy? Well, it is an office that is woefully 
illequipped to fulfill its current responsibilities. So I urge support for the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . SCHRADER  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 114–14. 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
that the Director of the Office of Management and Budget determines would result in net job creation, the amendments made by this Act shall not take effect, and the provisions of law amended, as in effect on the day prior to the effective date of this Act, shall remain in effect. 
House Resolution 78, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ) and a 
fronts, H.R. 527 does a very good job strengthening requirements that agencies review regulations that are already on the books, with stronger analyses about how these regulations impact small businesses. Ensuring that agencies are operated in an efficient manner has never been so important. This means that efforts must be made to limit programs that tend to duplicate one another. 
legislation creates a duplicative program, using resources twice at the SBA. It further grows the convoluted aspects of the Federal Government’s regulatory processes. 
the province of the SBA administrative office. It requires expertise and analytical resources, which the Office of Advocacy will now have to acquire. This will duplicate similar resources maintained by the SBA’s office of size standards. It seems very redundant to create another office to do the same thing that a current office already does. The Chief Counsel for Advocacy for President Reagan testified in 2011 before the Small Business Committee that Advocacy should not take on the new responsibilities outlined in this very legislation. 
strike this duplicative section and keep all the regulatory flexibility reforms that are in the bill. Eliminating this provision from the bill will not have any effect on the size standard process or on small businesses. It will be business as usual. What it does do is saves taxpayers from footing the bill for two identical size standard offices. 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, which is a vote to reduce waste and unnecessary duplication at the SBA. Reducing government complexity should be a bipartisan effort. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chair, this amendment proposes to strike section 10 from the bill, which gives the Small Business Administration’s Chief Counsel for 
Advocacy authority to approve small business size standards for the purposes of any act other than the Small Business Act and the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. That includes, of course, authority to approve size standards for the purposes of the RFA. 
Counsel for Advocacy, not the Small Business administrator, is charged with overseeing agency compliance with the RFA; and the Chief Counsel exercises that authority independently from the SBA administrator. 
under section 10, a new size standards office, duplicative of the SBA administrator’s own size standards office, will be created. But that is just not the case. The SBA administrator will retain 
the authority to set size standards under the Small Business Act and the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. But alternative size standards for the purposes of RFA compliance are a different matter, and under existing law, agencies must consult with the Chief Counsel for Advocacy with regard to those alternative size standards. 
Advocacy to actually approve size standards about which it already must be consulted is simply to formalize an existing reality, not to create a duplicative function or a duplicative office. Stated differently, it is erroneous to think that the Office of Advocacy will have to establish a new office of size standards to do what the Office of Advocacy already essentially does. Therefore, I would urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
And just in summary, I would reiterate that 70 percent of the jobs that are created in this economy today are created by small businesses. They are overregulated. The RFA was basically set up to avoid the impact on small businesses by all these regulations that are being imposed upon them. 
expensive for them to comply than it is for larger corporations who have lots of staff. They have attorneys. They have accountants and everything else. If you are a small business owner, it can be the death of that business. And it is not just that business that goes down the drain, but those jobs do, too. That affects families all over this country all the time. 
improve the Regulatory Flexibility Act, and that is why virtually all Republicans and many Democrats also have endorsed and supported this legislation in the past and do this time. 
companies and agencies around the country that are supportive, and I just wanted to name a few of those: 
the Farm Bureau; the Trucking Association; Associated Builders and Contractors; the credit unions; the National Association of Manufacturers; the Realtors; the National Federation of Independent Business, NFIB, which is the principal organization that advocates on behalf of small businesses in this country; the National Restaurant Association; the Retail Federation; the independent drivers; the Chamber; and on and on. Obviously, I don’t have time to read them all. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 114–14. 
House Resolution 78, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) and a 
I rise in support of my amendment, which would exempt from H.R. 527 all rules that the Office of Management and Budget determines would result in net job creation. 
has rebounded from the Great Recession, creating 11 million new jobs over 5 years, and unemployment is falling at the fastest rate in three decades. Consumer and business spending have catalyzed the fastest gross domestic product growth since 2003. My amendment would ensure that this meteoric growth and progress continues. 
Contrary to my Republican colleagues’ assertion that regulations kill jobs, a wealth of unimpeachable, bipartisan evidence has repeatedly and effectively debunked this claim. Studies by both the San Francisco and New York Federal Reserve found that there is zero correlation between job growth and regulations and that there is no evidence showing that increased regulations and taxes have any effect on the unemployment rate. 
harm the economy? The only evidence relied on for the absurd figures repeated by the proponents of this bill derive from a study roundly disproven by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service, which found that the study’s cost figures were cherry picked, inaccurate, based on evidence from decades ago, and without contemporary value. 
I have also heard my Republican colleagues repeatedly claim that regulations have a $15,000 regulatory burden on every American family. Consequently, The Washington Post awarded this claim, ‘‘Two Pinocchios,’’ on January 14, arguing that this absurd figure has ‘‘serious methodological problems—even the report admits it is ‘not scientific’ and ‘back of the envelope’—and we fear these caveats are being forgotten as it is repeated in Capitol Hill news conferences and then in 
growth are growing at its fastest pace in years on the back of sound economic policy and sensible regulations. Despite this growth, it is clear that many continue to struggle to live comfortably on their income, pay their bills on time, or set aside for retirement. Americans work harder than ever, thanks to corporations maximizing profits through a ‘‘streamlined workforce.’’ Meanwhile, the world’s top 1 percent will soon control half of the world’s wealth as the compensation of corporate executives balloons ever higher. 
The same corporations that are continuing to show record profit margins are also pushing deregulation and fewer taxes because they have a ‘‘myopic obsession with shortterm profits at the expense of longterm value creation,’’ according to Henry Blodget, the CEO of Business Insider. 
It is also clear that, despite its incredible workplace productivity, wages have stagnated. We do need to fix that, but unfortunately, deregulation does 
Democratic legislation that would increase the Federal minimum wage by less than $3, lifting countless fulltime workers out of poverty, while saving the Federal Government trillions in annual safety net costs. 
Fortunately, for Americans, minimum wage increases have gone into effect in 20 States this month alone, bringing the minimum wage in 29 States above the Federal minimum wage, but yet this Congress refuses to take up legislation to increase the Federal minimum wage. Perhaps my Republican colleagues will heed the calls of workers across the country for a living wage. This bill does not do that. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
welcome the gentleman’s concerns about the impacts of regulations on jobs, but the right way to address that concern is to join me in supporting this bill. 
At the heart of the bill are reforms to 
job creation, the way to do it is to make sure the provisions designed to maximize job benefits apply to all rules, including those that OMB believes will result in net job creation. 
net increase in jobs, which could mean as little as just one net job? Why not 
make sure agencies always work with small businesses under the bill’s provisions to help create the most new jobs possible and prevent the destruction of the most jobs possible? Isn’t that what makes sense as the Nation tries to recover from the jobs depression? 
the bill that gives the executive branch an incentive to manipulate its jobs impact analyses to avoid the requirements of the bill rather than comply with them? 
Chair’s attention, this administration highly overinflates—or underinflates, whatever side you are looking at—the unemployment rate. 
not taking into account the almost 1 million people that are not looking for work, and that is normally taken into consideration. They are also taking into account as a person being employed as this example: a person who mows his neighbor’s lawn for 20 bucks because he doesn’t have a job. That is considered, according to this administration, a job. 
the cost of Federal regulation to the U.S. economy, manufacturing, and small business, and Ten Thousand Commandments, these are reports from just last year, and they give the accurate account of the unemployment rate. 
of the aisle refers to a report from 2010. We should be referring to the latest reports as I hold them in my hand. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B YRNE ). It is 
now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 114–14. 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
House Resolution 78, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON LEE) and a 
let me thank the chairman; thank the mover of this legislation; my ranking member, Mr. JOHNSON ; and my ranking 
member of the full committee, Mr. CONYERS , for their leadership and for 
We all are promoting jobs, Mr. Chairman. Not one of us on this floor wants to in any way undermine jobs. We want people to work, and we want small businesses to have the opportunity to thrive. 
What I am talking about is the reality of protecting the American people when it comes to unique issues of health care. I am not going to cite the name of this individual, but what I am going to do is to read just a paragraph from Al Kamen, Kamen, ‘‘In the Loop’’: 
‘‘As a matter of fact, I think this is one 
where I think I can illustrate the point,’’ he recalled telling her. ‘‘I don’t have any problem with Starbucks if they choose to opt out of this policy as long as they post a sign that says, ‘We don’t require our employees to wash their hands after leaving the restroom.’ The market will take care of this. It is one example.’’ 
and so my amendment under this legislation asks to make an exception for rules that are dealing with consumer safety, saving lives. 
for rules from the Food and Drug Administration, commonly known as the FDA. This bill, H.R. 527, seeks to reform the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 and 1996 which attempted to require agencies to account better for the impact of proposed regulations on small businesses, other small entities, and to tailor final regulations to minimize adverse impacts on these entities like the Food and Drug Administration. 
franchise of a McDonald’s or Burger King or Starbucks, many of them doing quite well. It could be a number of them under one businessowner. But, in fact, they do deal with the public. 
reach and scope of the Regulatory Flexibility Act and would only add to already unnecessary and lengthy regulatory delays, increased meddling by regulated industries, and encourage gratuitous court challenges. 
Flexibility Act adds a host of new analytical requirements for agency policy actions, including rulemakings and guidance documents, that might affect a large number of small businesses, even if that is indirect. 
Because the bill defines indirect effects broadly, it would mandate costly and wasteful new analyses that could be applied to virtually any action and agency attempt to make a better life 
to regulate or interfere with some small business that says you do not have to wash your hands in a restaurant? It is shocking to me. 
amendment, I had in mind one of the new issues that we have been facing, and that is the story of CRE, which is a disease that is being found on endoscopes, that has been found in a particular hospital in the far West. 
likely spread through specialized endoscopes that have been cleaned according to manufacturer’s directions but still had some form of deadly germs. Are we suggesting that it is not an emergency to regulate or to keep or to be able to suggest that there needs to be a better cleaning process? 
lifethreatening disease which is calling out for action from the government, and the CDC and the FDA should not have their hands tied. 
In fact, the Houston Chronicle reported last week that these problems of dirty endoscopes have been tied to superbug infections in cities like Chicago and Pittsburgh in recent years. Although the bacteria weren’t exactly the same, the situation raises new questions about the design, this infection, and regulation of the devices. 
our economy is doing fine, not for every single American, but it has a marked improvement. Jobs are increasing, and unemployment is under 5 percent. 
needs an addition from this amendment, and I hope my colleagues will accept the Jackson Lee amendment. It is a commonsense amendment that speaks to the health and care of the American public. 
briefly explain my amendment. My amendment makes an exception for rules from the Food and Drug Administration, commonly known as the FDA. 
This bill, H.R. 527, seek to reform the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 and the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996, which attempted to require agencies to account better for the impacts of proposed regulations on small businesses and other small entities and to tailor final regulations to minimize adverse impacts on these entities like the Food and Drug Administration. 
Flexibility Act expands the reach and scope of the Regulatory Flexibility Act and would only add to already unnecessary and lengthy regulatory delays, increase meddling by regulated industries, and encourage gratuitous court challenges. 
Act adds a host of new analytical requirements for agency policy actions—including rulemakings and guidance documents—that might affect a large number of small businesses, even if that effect is ‘‘indirect.’’ And because the bill defines ‘‘indirect effects’’ broadly, it would mandate costly and wasteful new analyses that could be applied to virtually any action an agency attempts to undertake, no matter how tenuous the connection to small business interests. 
Business Council, this bill would open the door for regulated industries to manipulate the regulatory process in their favor. 
regulatory process, creating uncertainty in the marketplace and stifling competition and innovation from small and mediumsized entities. 
When I wrote this amendment I had in mind 
the rare bacteria like that known as carbapenemresistant Enterobacteriaceae, commonly known as CRE. This rare bacteria is being transmitted to patients even though the tools had been cleaned according to manufacturers’ directions but still harbored the potentially deadly germs. 
This is just the latest example of a life 
threatening disease which is calling out for action from the government—and the CDC and the FDA should not have their hands tied. 
the worst so far in the U.S., where problems with dirty endoscopes have been tied to superbug infections in Chicago and Pittsburgh in recent years. Although the bacteria weren’t exactly the same, the situation raises new questions about the design, disinfection and REGULATION of the devices, critics charge. 
Act of 1980 and the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996, which attempted to require agencies to account better for the impacts of proposed regulations on small businesses and other small entities and to tailor final regulations to minimize adverse impacts on these entities like the Food and Drug Administration. 
not for every single American but it has seen a marked improvement from 2008. A bill like H.R. 527 only serves to gumup the wheels of government and business collaboration by creating new and confusing rules. 
When added to the existing gauntlet of procedural and analytical requirements that agencies must already navigate in order implement laws, SBRFIA’s new requirements would serve only to further ‘‘ossify’’ rulemaking and make it nearly impossible for agencies to fulfill their congressionally mandated mission of protecting the public and responding to emerging health and environmental dangers. 
Improvements Act also ties the hands of agencies like the FDA by forcing them to delay actions until new analyses are completed. Under current law, an agency can continue to promulgate a regulation before it has finished the regulatory flexibility analysis, if the agency head believes its mission or the law calls for more immediate action. 
The SBRFIA would eliminate these commonsense procedures. Imagine if emergency regulations to protect miners had to be delayed until the agency could finish this onerous and highly speculative analysislives could be lost and people could be needlessly injured. Or the FDA needed to issue a rule impacting the safety of dairy products. Lives are at stake. Let me be quick to add that I specifically I 
I urge an aye vote for the Jackson Lee 
amendment exempting FDA rules and add common sense to this legislation. 
superbug has sickened dozens of people at a Seattle hospital, spread from patienttopatient through contaminated equipment. 
m4JVhK ) investigators found the rare bacteria known as CRE—carbapenemresistant Enterobacteriaceae—was likely spread through specialized endoscopes that had been cleaned according to manufacturers’ directions but still had some of the deadly germs. 
say they’ve changed their cleaning protocol for the devices, even though federal officials found no problem with their infectioncontrol practices. 
Doctors say 11 of the at least 35 patients 
infected at the hospital died, but it’s not clear what role, if any, the infection played in their deaths. 
amendment proposes to carve out an exception to the bill for Food and Drug Administration rules related to consumer safety. I am all for consumer safety. All of us support the protection of consumer safety, but it is my fervent hope that all of us also support small business jobs and want to protect them. 
Regulatory Flexibility Act in the first place, to continue to allow agencies like the FDA to protect consumers but, at the same time, to start accounting for and avoiding—where possible—adverse impacts on small businesses. 
they were supposed to do under the Regulatory Flexibility Act, then we wouldn’t be here today, but they haven’t; instead, they have routinely tried to evade that law. That has to stop. 
jobs are the key to economic recovery. To help small businesses to create jobs, we need to reduce—not increase—the regulatory burden on small businesses. 
The FDA is a major regulatory agency, and it is not exempt from the RFA as it currently stands. Now is not the time to start walking back the RFA’s requirements. This amendment simply is not consistent with the spirit of small business—the Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act—or the needs of today’s small business job creators. 
and comment rulemakings, a fact the bill does not change, nothing will hinder the FDA from issuing emergency rules if the bill is enacted. 
At this time, I yield 1 minute to the 
Mr. Chairman, I recently read a headline about the President’s budget. Do you know what it said? ‘‘Budget proposal is Obama’s map back to Big Government.’’ Think about that for a moment. There used to be a time, Mr. Chairman, in the White House where they said, ‘‘The era of Big Government is over.’’ Now, it is as if we are heading back in time. 
Government should be over. It is because Big Government has big costs. 
Mr. Chairman, large, inefficient programs cost a lot of money which mean higher taxes and more debt, but there are other costs to Big Government, too. As government grows, so does bureaucracy; and more bureaucracy means more regulations. 
of pages—get put on the backs of every single individual in business that works hard and tries to get by. In fact, for small businesses, regulations add almost $1,000 per employee per month— think of that, $1,000 per employee per month. That makes it much harder for our economy to grow and for small businesses to create jobs. 
reform, so that bureaucracy is held accountable for all these costs. I know that is a big goal, but Representative CHABOT ’s bill is a step realizing that 
the least costly options for getting something done, just like every American has to do in a tough economy, and it makes agencies actually have to think about the impact the regulations have on small businesses. 
said, ‘‘The era of Big Government is over.’’ It should be over. America simply cannot afford to tie down small businesses and hardworking people with more red tape, so let’s take a step forward. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
LEE). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 114– 14 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . SCHRADER  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRA DER) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 184, noes 234, not voting 15, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer 
Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
South Carolina, and ROKITA changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated against: Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
65 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 172, noes 248, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney 
Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins 
Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) 
Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated for: Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chair, I was unable to 
cast my vote on rollcall No. 66 today due to congressional business. Had I been present to vote, I would have voted ‘aye’. 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. B YRNE , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 527) to amend chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure complete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 78, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
this Act do not apply in the case of any rule that stops the proliferation, spread, or development of nuclear weapons, including to North Korea and Iran. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the final amendment to the bill. It won’t kill the bill, and it won’t send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act, would mire the rulemaking process in an endless agency analytical and procedural review. This bill would require agencies to engage in speculative analysis on the ‘‘indirect economic effect’’ of a proposed rule. 
and safety of our communities, that protect the environment in which we live, and that respond to disasters or pandemics would be stuck in this bill’s imposed layers of bureaucratic review, and there would be no relief under this bill for rules that are needed to address an ongoing emergency. Indeed, in the event of an emergency, agencies would be required to conduct a lengthy and timeconsuming analysis even of a rule that would protect citizens from harm. 
other side of the aisle. Putting the words ‘‘small business’’ in the title of a bill does not magically make it a bill good for small business or good for our national security. Facts are stubborn things, and the fact is that this bill is dangerous to American national security. However, my amendment can change this. 
ensure the safety and security of the American people. It would ensure that they would not be hindered by additional bureaucratic procedures by ensuring that this act would not apply to any rule that stops the proliferation, spread, or development of nuclear weapons. 
to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons worldwide. We have worked to help nations achieve nuclear power without the domestic capabilities to produce weaponsgrade uranium. We have worked with the international community to enact United Nations Security Council resolutions to prohibit rogue regimes from procuring materials that could be used for the development of nuclear weapons. This includes a robust sanctions regime aimed at Iran. 
developed detailed procurement regulations to prevent dual use materials from falling into the wrong hands. We have enacted punishing sanctions through the Treasury Department on 
those who aid in the procurement of materials used for nuclear weapons programs. 
the most important national security threat facing the United States and our allies: a nucleararmed Iran. All of us here are watching the negotiations closely, and we hope for a diplomatic and negotiated end to the Iranian nuclear weapons program. That is everyone’s priority. 
possibility that Iran rejects diplomacy. If Iran walks away from the talks, Congress and the President have been clear that we will want to immediately and urgently impose new sanctions. We will need new, fastmoving, antiproliferation actions, and we will have to put immediate pressure on this rejectionist regime. 
This bill, in its current form, prevents that. Our national security and that of our allies depends on our agencies acting fast and efficiently. In no uncertain terms, the majority’s bill puts our national security at risk. 
will not be stopped by adding new layers of bureaucracy. Iran’s sponsorship of terrorist groups is no secret. It openly ships missiles and rockets to Hezbollah and Hamas—designated terrorist organizations that launch attacks on civilians—in direct violation of international law. Now Iran and North Korea are working together, sparking vital proliferation worries. The Ayatollah has declared the two nations share common enemies, and we already know that Iran and North Korea have cooperated on ballistic missiles. 
imagine a scenario in which Iran walks away from the talks and takes its nuclear program deeper underground, where Iran’s activities are sealed and where an arms race is sparked in the region. When it comes to nuclear proliferation and the safety of the United States and international security, the U.S. must have a responsibility to act quickly. Congress cannot—and Congress should not—make it more difficult for our government to act to keep our people safe. 
is too important to tie up in Washington politics. Just this week, Russia announced that it would no longer comply with the NunnLugar Cooperative Threat Reduction Program, which was specifically designed to ensure the security of existing nuclear stockpiles. 
Do we really want, I ask my colleagues, to risk the safety and security of the United States and that of our allies around the world by hindering our ability to halt the dangerous and destabilizing spread of nuclear weapons because an agency must justify the costs or waste resources and time in conducting a costly analysis of alternative ways to eliminate or streamline new regulations? Do we want to hold up regulations, I ask my colleagues, 
protect the American people from the threat of nuclear proliferation. On this, we should be able to come together. I urge my colleagues to support this motion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the perfect opportunity for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to turn the page. Six long years into the Obama administration, our constituents feel trapped in a job depression. This bill offers one of the best chances we have to really start to turn things around for our constituents. 
reforms that will take Washington’s regulatory boot off the neck of small businesses in all of our districts so 
they can create the new jobs our constituents need. The bill contains numerous Democratsponsored amendments, making it a truly bipartisan product. 
already passed the House three times in the past two Congresses only to die an obstructionist death at the hands of the former Senate majority leader, who, by the way, the voters threw out of the majority last November. We now have a chance to pass the bill again at the very start of this Congress and to send it over to a Senate that will actually consider it. We should all seize this opportunity. 
American people the ways of obstruction. It would block the bill from passage. It would prevent the bill from promptly reaching the Senate and helping to create new jobs for our constituents. 
Let’s all make this a vote to end the 
obstruction. With this vote, help this Congress turn the page the voters sent us here to turn. Vote against this motion to recommit. Vote for this bill. 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 240, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 260, noes 163, not voting 10, as follows: 
Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters 
Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett 
Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin 
Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise for 
the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the schedule 
for the week to come, and I yield to my friend, Mr. MCCARTHY . 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
noon for morninghour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. 
House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. 
a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected around noon. 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow. 
S. 1, the Senate Keystone bill. After 6 years of waiting, this bipartisan bill, which will create more than 40,000 jobs, will finally be placed on the President’s desk. I do sincerely hope he considers his longstanding veto threat and sides with the American people by signing this important jobs bill. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will also consider two critical tax packages next week that will provide muchneeded certainty for Americans and small businesses. 
H.R. 644, the Fighting Hunger Incentive Act, sponsored by Representative TOMREED, will make charitable giving 
tax provisions permanent. This will also include provisions authored by Representatives ERIKPAULSEN , AARON  
real difference in the lives of Americans by encouraging donations of property for conservation and enhancing deductions for food contributions for those in need. 
consider H.R. 636, America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act, sponsored by Representative PATTIBERI , with additional provisions authored by Representative DAVEREICHERT . 
This bill is essential to creating stability for our Nation’s best job creators, small businesses, by making increased expensing permanent. 
the gentleman for the information he has given us. I have some questions on that information, but before getting to the bills that we are going to consider next week, I note the absence of the Homeland Security bill. That continues to, unfortunately, be 
mired in controversy, Mr. Speaker. It is a bill that I would remind our Members, Mr. Speaker—and I know the majority leader knows this—has been agreed to, essentially. 
respect to the funding of the Homeland Security Department. There are no amendments being offered to change the numbers or anything of that nature. 
There is, however, the holding hostage, Mr. Speaker, of this bill for the purposes of overturning the President’s actions which, in our view, he was forced to take because of the inaction of this body after over a year of even considering the comprehensive immigration reform bill that the Senate passed by over 60 votes, with almost twothirds of the Senate, Republicans and Democrats, voting for that bill. 
and the American people are concerned that a bill which is so critically important for the defense of our borders, for the security of our country, and the security of our people is languishing, notwithstanding the fact that we have agreement on the underlying bill. There is no disagreement in my view. 
Speaker, in my opinion, would pass with over 400 votes if it were brought to this floor, but for the fact that it is being held hostage to force the President to do something that the Senate clearly has indicated they are not going to approve. 
Mr. Speaker, I would urge the majority leader to bring to the floor a clean bill. By clean, I mean the Republican reported bill—not our bill, but a compromise bill—a Republicanreported bill in December, conferenced—conference may overstate it because it was the four leaders, Republicans and Democrats meeting—and they brought out of that meeting to this floor a Homeland Security bill that could pass overwhelmingly. 
Every day that we delay puts us closer to the February 27 deadline that was set in December for the funding of this bill, taken out of the omnibus appropriation bill that we passed, put on a shortterm leash, putting our homeland security at risk. 
Mr. Speaker and Mr. Majority Leader, I would ask you: Is there any plan at some point in time to say we are not going to snatch defeat from the jaws of compromise? 
astute. He understands this body very well and knows full well that the underlying bill has consensus. 
If there is anything that is frustrating the American people, it is that when we have something that we agree upon, we turn it into something that we can’t agree on. 
the purpose of telling me what his view is as to when we are going to be able to pass an appropriation bill to ensure 
that the Homeland Security Department can operate in an effective, efficient manner to protect America and Americans. 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Knowing the timeline of dealing with funding of Homeland Security, Republicans want to make sure it is funded. That is why we took up legislation. I agree with the gentleman. Why is it being held hostage by the Democrats in the Senate? 
has happened on Keystone, you get open debate. I know you didn’t have amendments for the last number of years, but now, you have the opportunity. 
all they have to do is take the bill up. As my good friend knows, what is happening in the Senate day after day is the Senate Democrats are voting now to allow the bill to come up. If you disagree with the bill, you can’t offer amendments, you can’t change the bill. 
I would say to my friend: I share your 
frustration. I think our direction should be at the Senate Democrats and getting them to allow the bill to come up because nobody wants Homeland Security not to be funded. That is why we took the bill up very early, so the Senate could have time. 
actions in a time and place—as you said, the American people want to see this done, and we want to see it done in a bipartisan manner as well. 
Mr. HOYER. I appreciate the gentleman’s comments, Mr. Speaker, but, frankly, the American people ought not to be confused. There is a bipartisan agreement. We did not send, however, the bipartisanagreed bill to the Senate. 
We did, as we so often do, add to a bipartisan agreement something that does not have agreement, and that undermines the ability of this Congress to work on behalf of the American people in an effective way. 
Very frankly, Mr. Speaker, the majority leader knows that. He knows it 
because I have had discussions with him. He knows it because, publicly, the President has said, Democrats have said: We don’t agree with the provision you’re adding to something that has been agreed upon in a bipartisan fashion by the Senate and by the House. 
that if we sent a clean bill that has already been agreed upon by the Appropriations Committee in the House, by the Appropriations Committee in the Senate, by Republicans and Democrats on the Appropriations Committee in the House and by Republicans and Democrats on the Appropriations Committee in the United States Senate, already agreed to—now, let me, Mr. Speaker, read you some comments by someone who I had a great opportunity to serve with in this Congress. Secretary Tom Ridge—the first Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, a Republican—and Michael Chertoff, who was also a Republican Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, joined with Secretary— now president—Napolitano. The president wanted great educational institutions in our country; she was then Secretary and former Governor of Arizona. 
be put in jeopardy by the debate about immigration. 
Again, I remind you that this is Secretary Ridge, former Republican Governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the former Republican Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security; and Michael Chertoff, former Republican Secretary of the Homeland Security Department; as well as Secretary Napolitano. 
Department of Homeland Security is ready, willing, and able to protect the American people. To that end, we urge you not to risk funding for the operations that protect every American and pass a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill. 
Senate,’’ I disagree with my friend. It is the Senate who has not passed a bill. Of course, complaining about the 60 vote requirement after having required the most number of cloture votes in history in the last Congress by the current majority leader of the United States Senate when he was minority leader is a little difficult to understand. I choose my words carefully on that. 
The fact of the matter is we are putting at risk the security of the American people. We have seen in Canada, we have seen in France, and we have seen in the Middle East horrific terrorist acts. This Department was created to prevent such acts. 
America has been very fortunate since September 11, 2001. 
again not only the majority leader but the majority party in this House to accept the fact that we do not have agreement on immigration. 
the President has acted incorrectly. What I do not accept, Mr. Speaker, is that they are holding hostage the budget for the Department of Homeland Security in order to make their point on immigration. I would hope that the majority leader would urge his side of the aisle to not do that. 
this quote. When asked what was going to happen when time ran out on February 27 on this funding of the Department of Homeland Security, JOHN MCCAIN, former Presidential candidate 
on the Republican side of the aisle, former Republican Member of this body and now the Republican chairman of the Armed Services Committee in the United States Senate, said this when asked what was going to happen on February 27. He said: ‘‘Your guess is as good as mine.’’ 
think when, on the Department of Homeland Security, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee says: ‘‘Your guess is as good as mine’’? 
in one fundamental principle; that is, we cannot shut down the Department of Homeland Security.’’ 
my friend, observed that, well, we maybe just can do that. 
because it is funded out of fees and because they are critically important employees, that we won’t shut down the Department in one sense. But in another sense, we will preclude it from being empowered by the bipartisan bill passed out of the House Appropriations Committee and the Senate Appropriations Committee, and which we considered in December, to perform its duties. 
I will yield to my friend, Mr. Speaker, if he wants to make an additional comment. If not, I will go on to some of the other legislation that needs discussion. 
thank the gentleman for yielding because I listened a long time. 
Mr. HOYER. I appreciate it. Mr. MCCARTHY. But you also very 
well know, the votes in the Senate that just took place for the last 2 days were to bring the bill up. And that quote you gave from JOHN MCCAIN? He is frustrated because he would like to get on to the bill. 
it is, as you say, a strong bipartisan vote over there, the only people holding up bringing this bill to the floor are the Senate Democrats. It is unfair to claim anything other. 
If they want to make an amendment, if they want to change the bill—but they deny the American people the chance to even bring the bill up. 
people on where we are because nobody on this side of the aisle wants Homeland Security in any trouble. 
to the Senate early. For 2 days in a row, the majority has asked to allow the bill to come to the floor, and for 2 days straight, the Democrats have said ‘‘no,’’ not even to debate it. That, to me, is unacceptable. 
you debate the opinion. But to deny the American public the chance to have that debate, that is unacceptable, and I will not stand for it. 
Over a year ago, the United States Senate passed, overwhelmingly, a comprehensive immigration reform bill. The reason they are holding hostage the Department of Homeland Security, Mr. Speaker, is because they don’t agree. 
Bring it to the floor. Let us vote. Let us offer amendments. We have asked that the Senate bill on immigration reform—which the House Republicans apparently don’t agree with but on which the overwhelming majority of Americans in polling are saying yes, they agree with it. 
about a bill not being brought to the floor. The minimum wage bill is a very, very important bill that the overwhelming majority of Americans support. In five States on which it was on the ballot, it was passed, in some red States and, yes, some blue States, mostly red States, by the way, and there is a refusal to bring it to the floor. 
So, Mr. Speaker, when I hear the majority leader complain about not letting that bill come to the floor, the majority leader knows, and everybody in this body knows, that if that bill should squeak by the Senate, it would be vetoed by the President. And I guarantee the majority leader, that veto would be sustained here. 
Secretaries say bring a clean bill to the floor, your Secretaries, as well as one of mine on our side of the aisle, the reason they say that is because they know that what I say is absolutely correct. 
leader, who is my friend and whom I have great respect for, that complaining about not bringing bills to the floor, we all need to look in the mirror, because if the issue is comprehensive immigration reform and you don’t like what the President is doing, bring a bill to the floor. 
Show us what you want to do. Let us 
vote on it. Send it to the Senate, see what they do, and then if they pass it, send it to the President. 
But don’t hold hostage the Department of Homeland Security. Don’t put Americans at risk. Don’t turn a bipartisan consensus agreement into partisan gridlock, which the Americans hate, and which puts them at risk. 
the majority leader would like me to yield to him one more time. 
the mirror. Twentytwo times the President said he did not have the power to take the action that he did. From the time he said that to the time he took that action, what changed? The Constitution did not. I will remind the gentleman, because 
he was at the lunch that I was at with the President. I reminded the President, after the election but prior to being sworn in, we had this discussion with him, with Senate and House leaders. 
when you were majority leader, he was President, and the Democrats controlled the Senate, to deal with immigration. They did not. 
even give us 1 day in the majority to deal with it? He did not. 
will gladly look into the mirror because I think the idea should win at the end of the day. 
even allow you to bring the bill up to debate, I think it is very hard for your argument to stand ground. 
This is a time that we want to make 
sure Homeland Security is funded. We took the bill up early. Just as the Constitution says, the House has their position, the Senate can have theirs. It doesn’t say whatever the Senate says they can and cannot do we should just follow. No, we should lead, and we have. And I look forward to solving this problem before the 27th. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Is the gentleman prepared to bring a 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. And if you looked at our committees, we are working on it, just as we say this body should. It should go through committee, have debate on both sides, and be open. 
broken, and I think that is the process we should take, not the action that the President took. 
for that information, but I would observe that we have spent the first 4 weeks considering an awful lot of legislation that didn’t go to committee at all—no hearings, came right to the floor through the Rules Committee. 
representative of the majority party complaining about what the Senate Democrats have done and saying we are not for this bill when, more than at any other time in history, his party did that in the last Congress. 
legislation I am concerned about. Let me ask the leader, if I can, with respect to the apparently seven bills which the Ways and Means Committee has considered, are those bills going to be considered, Mr. Leader, seriatim, one by one? Or is the expectation, as apparently I think I am reading in the comments you made, going to be packaged? And if so, does the gentleman know how many bills are going to be in which package and how many packages there are going to be? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. As the gentleman brought up about 
how we bring the bills to the floor, the gentleman remembers that there was a bipartisan agreement toward the end of last year with the Senate and with the House. It gave greater certainty, and it was going to be into one package. 
Unfortunately, the White House disagreed, so we did not get that work done. In essence, it got stopped, saying it was too big. 
them up individually, have the opportunity for the debate, listening to the White House. Whether they want a bill too big, too small, I am just trying to get the American public moving forward, so I took that advice and did it individually. 
that mean we will consider each one of those individually? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. No, they will be in 
Mr. HOYER. In the two packages. I know that it is usually the practice 
in both bodies, or in both parties, not to have open to amendment. Is that your expectation, that neither of the packages will be open to an amendment? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for asking. You asked a question similar to this last week. 
the Rules Committee their jurisdiction to decide on the format of the bill coming to the floor and the number of amendments, whether it has a structured rule or an open rule. That is their job, and as soon as they make that decision, I will notify all. 
side is very concerned about the deficit. My side is very concerned about the deficit, and I certainly am very concerned about the deficit, as the gentleman knows. I have worked in a lot of ways to try to bring this down. 
need to pay for things. Whether we spend money or reduce revenues, we need to offset that. 
there is any intention to offset that so we do not exacerbate, make the deficit worse? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. I know you are concerned with the deficit. I am very concerned, especially with this administration adding more debt than all the other Presidents combined. That is why we are trying to spur the economy. 
takes less, that is more in the hands of 
and more revenue will come in, and history has shown that. 
taking place will actually bring greater revenue, greater job creation, and help lower the deficit. 
can’t help but observe, however, that this President inherited the deepest recession that you and I have experienced in our lifetime and, as a result, we had to respond to that. We responded to it vigorously. 
worse, but what it also did was grow our economy better and faster than any other economy on Earth. We now have an economy that is growing, creating jobs, 58 months solid. 
by about 70 percent—too much. I will tell my friend, he may not know this. That is a percentage of GDP that— under Ronald Reagan, who could have vetoed every spending bill, the debt increased by 189 percent, almost three times as much. 
to say that, like saying $7.25 is much higher than the minimum wage of 1968, when actually it is reduced to 46 percent of its purchasing power. 
So the numbers, per se, but as a percentage of our wealth, as a country, this President has increased the debt, having to respond to the deepest recession since the Depression, almost about a third of what Ronald Reagan saw in his Presidency, the increase of our debt as a percentage of the GDP. 
that we ought to come together, work together to make sure that this country is on and remains on a fiscally sustainable path, and I look forward to working with him toward that end. 
But if we pass tax bills, as we did in 
1981, 2001, and 2003, and pretend they are going to pay for themselves, it doesn’t happen. We know it doesn’t happen. And we look at it, and it doesn’t happen. 
for a number of the bills that are going to be in these packages. Some of us will be constrained to vote ‘‘no’’ because we don’t want to make the deficit worse. 
you compare the recession during Ronald Reagan’s time and how fast we came out of it, there is no comparison. 
today is 62.7 percent, the lowest it has been since 1978. When you give up on participating, you give up on your future; you give up on your dreams. That is not an economy that we want. 
that we are bringing forward, charitable contributions, maybe people on your side of the aisle think government 
should solve that problem. I see charitable contributions back home in my own community solving a lot of problems locally very fast and very direct. And I think these are things that could be bipartisan, so I look forward to it. 
want to work on it. I looked at the President’s budget. I do not believe government needs an 11 percent increase. That is how much new in taxes that he would give to the Federal Government. I think people keeping that would be better. And I think that lowering how we spend our money here in Washington would go a long way, and I welcome the opportunity to work with you on that. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Just so that the American people are 
clear on the record, Mr. Speaker, Ronald Reagan, about whom the gentleman spoke, didn’t get to 5.6 percent unemployment until his eighth year as President of the United States. And he did not confront nearly as deep a recession as this President inherited from his predecessor, in which 4 million people had lost their job in 2008 and 878,000 people lost their job when he took office in 2009. So it has been a tough time. 
news—that we have increased our economy faster, better, and more sustainably than any other country on Earth. That is good news, and we ought to tell the American people that is good news. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Monday next. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor Daniel Reid Simpson. Unfortunately, on January 24 of this year, he lost a courageous battle with Lewy body dementia and went on to meet his Maker. 
knew him, was a father and a husband to Mary Alice for some 63 years. He served the State of North Carolina in the State senate for six terms. 
great State that made this man truly a remarkable example of a community servant. One of his proudest accomplishments, as he would tell it, was introducing the bill and shepherding it 
through the State legislature to set up Western Piedmont Community College. 
Glen Alpine Recreation Foundation. In 2007, they honored him for that work by naming the field the ‘‘Simpson Field,’’ for not only the recognition of his great work for the kids of that community who wanted to play baseball and football, but also for his lifelong commitment to the folks of Burke 
military. He fought with MacArthur’s forces in the Philippines and served in the occupation forces in Japan. 
great State and our great country, but he was of service to Burke County and to his family. So it is with sadness, but certainly with great honor, that I remember his life. 
three children, and all of his family at this time. 
today to talk about the millions of highquality jobs this Nation has outsourced over the last quarter century because of flawed free trade deals. These jobkilling deals, like NAFTA, have been incredibly harmful to the American economy, racking up a massive, massive trade deficit of $9.5 trillion. And they have failed to live up to the promise of creating jobs. Instead, they have wiped out good jobs, high paying jobs across our country. 
Take Motorola Solutions, for example, which shut down plants all over our country, from California to Florida. Motorola shut down those operations and moved production to China, to South America, to Eastern Europe. 
outsourced its information technology operations to Mexico, to India, leaving its Illinois employees jobless. 
Meanwhile, 6 years after the recession, Ohio and 14 other States have job markets that have not yet recovered from the number of jobs during the recession. Hundreds, thousands, millions of quality, goodpaying manufacturing jobs have not returned. Citizens of these States, like Ohio, are fighting for honest employment. 
outsourced 47.5 million good jobs. We have a budget deficit because we have a $9.5 trillion trade deficit. 
lopsided trade deals are not the answer. We simply have to reform our trade policies. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a great man and a great soldier. 
Fred Stolley and presenting him with the Soldier’s Medal, the highest honor a servicemember can receive for an act of valor in a noncombat situation. 
served his country during World War II; and in 1944, he saved a fellow soldier from drowning. Stolley’s commanding officer wrote a commendation letter praising him for saving the soldier who was twice his size and deeply troubled by the devastating news of losing his brother in combat. 
home to Decatur, Illinois. He worked nights, weekends, and, between classes, building houses and hauling water to graduate from my alma mater, Millikin University, with a degree in business. 
saved, Stolley never requested a medal to recognize his act of heroism, but 70 years later, my office was able to present him with the medal in front of his family and friends. 
all of our men and women in uniform that we are able to enjoy the freedoms that we have today. 
family and friends as they lay him to rest in Decatur this afternoon. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
I rise in the spirit of Black History Month to honor Leah Chase, also known as the ‘‘Queen of Creole Cuisine,’’ a renowned chef, author, and a civil rights icon in New Orleans. 
As executive chef at her historic restaurant, Dooky Chase’s, she has served luminaries such as Duke Ellington, Thurgood Marshall, President George W. Bush and President Barack Obama, among countless others. 
Edgar ‘‘Dooky’’ Chase, Jr., whose family owned a small street corner stand. 
starkly divided by segregation, Dooky Chase’s Restaurant was one of the few places where groups of mixed races could gather publicly. As a result, the restaurant became a central hub for leaders of the civil rights movement to meet and discuss strategy. 
were highly illegal, but due to the immense popularity of Dooky Chase’s, there would have been a public uproar had law enforcement interrupted business. Leah took full advantage of this and hosted Black voter registration campaigns, NAACP meetings, and countless other gatherings, and fed 
world are blessed by Mrs. Chase’s warmth, hospitality, and, of course, her cooking. She has received countless awards, has been immortalized in song by Ray Charles, and inspired Disney’s first African American princess, but she remains rooted in her ministry and committed to service. 
honor some of the people who have paved the way for my generation and some of the people whose shoulders I stand on. So today, I congratulate and commemorate Leah Chase. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, small businesses, the backbone of our economy, continue to be unfairly saddled by onesizefitsall regulations. Most small businesses do not have the capacity to retain in house legal or compliance departments, and unfortunately, many agencies often neglect their duties of assessing how new regulations may impact small businesses. There is also a pattern of Federal agencies providing inadequate analyses of the longterm economic costs of the rules that they propose. 
January of 2011 to ‘‘eliminate excessive and unjustified burdens on small businesses,’’ very little has been done by this administration. 
the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015, which would require greater transparency of the Federal Government costs associated with unfunded mandates. I joined my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to approve a commonsense solution to reducing cost by improving transparency, awareness, and accountability in our Federal agencies. Just moments ago, the House passed H.R. 527, which would require better economic analyses of direct and indirect costs on small businesses. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
month, as we pay homage to the many achievements and contributions to our great Nation by African American men and women, and earlier this week my colleagues spoke on this floor commemorating the 50th anniversary of the march on Selma and the subsequent passage of the Voting Rights 
Act, I want to call to the attention of my colleagues here in Congress that there are still American citizens today that do not have equal voting rights— some 4 million citizens, to be exact. These are citizens and residents of America’s island territories: the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam, and Northern Mariana Islands. 
been part of the United States for over 115 years. That is more than half as long as there has been a U.S. Constitution. 
Our service has gone above and beyond, giving this great Nation even its very banking system, through fellow Virgin Islander Alexander Hamilton. Our service has gone even to having the highest rate of military service in the United States, with some 7 percent higher than other areas, the national average, in casualties in Afghanistan and Iraq. 
them to pass the Voting Rights Act, and also to extend those rights to its U.S. citizens abroad. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize the leadership and accomplishments of David Northern, Sr. He is a resident of Grayslake and a good friend. On January 25, Mr. Northern was presented with the Most Influential African American of Lake County Award for 2015. 
in his role as a community leader and as the executive director and chief executive officer of the Lake County Housing Authority. Under David’s leadership, the housing authority has become a more effective, peoplecentered, and collaborative agency. 
allowing them to successfully serve those in need of housing while also being mindful to the fiscal effects on the county as a whole. 
who feels a personal responsibility to his community. For David Northern, building a strong community is not just his job, but his passion. 
welldeserved award and say that it is an honor to call him my friend and to recognize his contributions to the people of Lake County. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) is recognized 
issue I wish to discuss is a matter of grave concern to me and I believe to the American people as well. 
I came here 26 years ago. Prior to my 
arrival in the United States Congress, I had served 7 years in the Reagan White House. I was a speechwriter to President Reagan, and I was a special assistant to the President, which was a designated rank at the White House. 
I recall what it was like in the time 
leading up to Ronald Reagan’s election, and I recall specifically how Ronald Reagan dealt with the great challenges he faced. Before Ronald Reagan came to the White House, America was in retreat. 
throughout our country. Our economy was topsyturvy. There were high levels of inflation and high levels of unemployment. Our country was in jeopardy. Our country felt a danger because while we were in retreat, communism— Soviet communism—was on the offensive throughout the world. 
years, turned that situation totally around. He turned the economy around, and he turned around the spirit of the people. We went from being pessimistic to being the most optimistic and forwardlooking people in the world. Yes, he helped the economy, but foremost, Ronald Reagan ended the cold war. 
Mr. Speaker, I am 67 years old. During my life, most of us felt that some day, we would be at war with the Soviet Union—a shooting war—and that it might take the lives of millions of people. We were told to hide under our desk when we were young and cover up our heads in case there was a nuclear attack on our country. 
States military. Many times, when people look back and they understand the success that we had in ending the cold war, they believe that it was due to the increase in the size of our military. 
Let me note that did play a factor because it was a deterrent factor, and it was a factor that awed many people in the developing world, as well as our enemies in the communist world, but that is not what switched and that is not what changed our retreat in the 
cold war to a great victory and the bringing down of the Berlin Wall. 
strategy that Ronald Reagan initiated during the time that he was President. He was a strong leader. We came into the White House and people asked: What is your strategy for dealing with the Soviet threat to our freedom and the peace of the world? He said: The strategy is very simple. We win, and they lose. That is what he set out. The guidelines that he set out for us who worked for him in the White House and throughout the administration were that our goal was to be that the United States would win the cold war and the Soviet Union would lose. 
Reagan did not deploy American troops overseas like people think that he did. Yes, he expanded our military power, but he made very few deployments— major deployments—of American troops. 
made to Beirut, where he sent thousands of marines to Beirut, I personally was arguing against it in the White House and went around finding out what it was all about. 
into a fiasco. It turned into a tragedy, as well as a fiasco, I might add. 300 Americans, marines and sailors, lost their lives when their headquarters was blown up—their bunker, you might say. Their barracks in Beirut was blown up. 
time advised him to send in tens of thousands of more American troopers, send in the entire 2nd Marine Division and show these terrorists they can’t kill marines and get away with it. 
Ronald Reagan made his best decision as President at that time not to make such a huge, major deployment of troops into Beirut; otherwise, we would have been in a quagmire for the rest of his administration. They would have been there, stuck in this war zone in Beirut, a nowin situation. Reagan knew that. 
He also knew when he told us, No, we 
are going to get out of there as soon as we can rather than get stuck in the quagmire, he initiated another policy, a security policy based on a different doctrine from sending American troops to garrison in the world or sending American troops to fight other people’s battles. 
What it was, was Ronald Reagan initiated the Reagan Doctrine. The Reagan Doctrine was basically to recognize that the enemy of our enemy was our friend and to do everything we could to identify our friends around the world who would help us defeat the Soviet Union. 
people in Nicaragua who were fighting against the Sandinista dictatorship which was allied with the Soviet Union. It was in Africa where you had Cuban troops being confronted by insurgency movements that we supported that were prodemocracy, or at least antiSoviet, and in Afghanistan where the Soviet Army itself was being confronted. 
were struggling for freedom against oppression. We helped people in Europe, the Lech Walesas and the various leaders throughout Eastern Europe who organized resistance against the Soviet domination of their countries. Whether it was Poland or Czechoslovakia or 
Reagan wanted, yes, to defeat the Soviet Union, and that is what we did. We did it in a way by helping those who were on the front lines, struggling against what we saw as an evil—that is, a government in Russia that was controlled by an atheistic theory that an atheist dictatorship imposed upon people could reestablish new values among human beings and, thus, create a whole new world. 
That monstrous philosophy—monstrous because it had monstrous implications in terms of human freedom, but also in the control and slaughter of those people who did not agree with that vision—that had to be defeated because it threatened the entire world. 
By the time Ronald Reagan was finished with his Presidency and the leadership that he provided to the free world and all those who were struggling against communism, we succeeded. The Berlin Wall came down. This was done because of great leadership and a great strategy on the part of this man. 
world from the world that Reagan left us. Unlike the world that he inherited from his predecessor, President Carter, Reagan left us a world where the upward trend toward our civilization was undeniable, that it looked like we could have generations of peace and that our enemies respected us to the point that they would not put us in jeopardy because it would be putting themselves in jeopardy. Reagan gave us chances for peace, prosperity, and freedom throughout the world. 
world. It is a frightening world. We have, today, an adversary that is every bit as evil, potentially harmful, and destructive to the people of the world as what we faced when Ronald Reagan came to the Presidency at the height of the cold war. 
that time, and Reagan gave us peace and security. Today, we are facing evil and danger as even before in the cold war, but perhaps we can compare this even to the evil and danger that America and the Western world faced in the early thirties and the late twenties when nazism and fascism raised its ugly head. 
What happened? During that time period, had we and the Western Allies been able to deal with Adolf Hitler, perhaps there would not have been this huge conflagration of World War II which took the lives of hundreds of millions of people. 
Ronald Reagan dealt with communism when he became President, and Hitler and the fascist threat eventually, with their aggression, put the free world and those other people who sought a better world in such a spot that war erupted and World War II, that great conflagration, happened. It was avoidable. 
We face an evil that, as I say, is every bit as dangerous as the evil that was faced by Reagan and faced before World War II. 
that will slaughter people in the West without thinking twice about it or, what is even worse, will slaughter people in great numbers in the West after strategizing of how to do it more effectively—not only slaughtering Christians and other nonMuslims, but this evil force is seeking to dominate that part of the world in which the majority of people are of the Islamic faith. 
murders more Muslims than, indeed, they murder Christians, although they have been very aggressive in their murder of Christians in a very demonstrable way, in a way that would try to intimidate the Christian world and the nonMuslim world, but we have brave and courageous people within the Muslim world. 
to the point that the radical Islamic movement wants us to be in, and that is to alienate the rest of the billion of Muslims who occupy this planet and make them our enemy. 
out our friends throughout the world who are struggling against radical Islamic terrorism and dictatorship and make sure that we back them up, so they will have a chance to defeat this threat and this ongoing murder and chaos that is engulfing their own countries. 
Let us note, in the last 6 years, this threat has grown, has gone from miniscule to being a threat that, if we do not deal with it, could erupt into the same type of global conflagration that we saw in World War II and perhaps—or at best—would leave us with a war, with a global split in the world like happened under communism that we defeated under Ronald Reagan. 
radical Islam is not confronted with American leadership, 10 years down the road, there could be a massive conflagration that would encompass, for example, what would happen if we do lose total control and things go totally out of control into the gulf areas, in the Persian Gulf and in the Arab world. If that part of the world becomes dominant, if the dominant force in that part of the world becomes this radical Islamic philosophy, it will then move to the ‘‘stans.’’ It will then move to the great parts of Africa and of Central Asia, and that will tip the balance of power in this planet and will lead to the type of global conflagration that all of us want to avoid and to prevent. 
But we must have the type of decisive leadership and the type of actual commitment to winning this battle against the radical Islamic dictatorship that these people are trying to superimpose upon the world. We need the 
strong commitment that we saw under Ronald Reagan. We need that, and we do not have it. We do not have the leadership we need or the type of chaos that is now erupting in the Arab world would not be happening. 
we see is this rise of ISIL, a group of people who are so committed to establishing a Muslim dictatorship throughout their part of the world and throughout Africa and, yes, even throughout the rest of the world where other nonMuslim communities live. These people are dedicated to terrorizing the world into submission to their authority, and they see their authority as coming from their radical 
version of God, through their radical version of Islam. 
that type of Islam. But let us not forget, let us not ignore the fact that this radical philosophy is based on their interpretation of Islam. That it is a religious fanaticism that could, just like communism was a religious fanaticism—it was an atheism fanaticism. And we have seen Christian fanaticisms in the past, and they did great damage and cost the lives of great numbers of people in their day. This radical fanaticism, unless we defeat it now, will perhaps drag the entire planet into a World War IIlike conflagration. How do we stop that? How was Ronald Reagan able to stop the rise of communism, the Soviet expansionism that he faced when he took office and, in 7 or 8 short years, managed to turn that around and defeat that very enemy? 
First, he had the commitment to defeat it. And I will say today that I don’t believe our President has the commitment to defeat and destroy radical Islamic terrorism and the radical Islamic dictatorship that these fanatics would superimpose upon us. Instead, I think our President believes, in good faith, that he can reach an accommodation with these folks, with these fanatics, that an accommodation can be reached and that we should try to prove to them that we are not their enemy. 
because they get their word from God, not from the President of the United States. That is what they believe. They see these overtures, the fanatic radicals like in the Taliban, they see it as a weakness, and it only encourages the radical Islamic movement for our President to try to reach accommodation or to say pleasant things to them without being aggressive, with seeming to be unwilling to actually draw a line in the sand. 
has trouble even uttering the words ‘‘Islamic terrorism’’ in one sentence. We are not going to be successful in defeating this threat that would murder us by the millions of people if they get the chance if our President is not even willing to utter the words ‘‘Islamic terrorism’’ in the same sentence. We have a President that, after our 
Ambassador was murdered in Benghazi, tried to foist off on the American people the false story that our Ambassador was killed because a demonstration against a movie that insulted Islam got out of control and the demonstrators killed our Ambassador. For weeks, this President himself participated in spreading that lie. 
First of all, my gosh, our President isn’t going to tell us the truth about radical Islam. But what did the Muslim terrorists think? At that moment, the Muslim terrorists were thinking: My goodness, we have a guy that is so weak that he can’t even condemn us and condemn the killing of his own Ambassador by our movement. This emboldened them. 
support for various ‘‘reform movements,’’ and we all hoped that the Arab Spring would be a reform movement. Instead, our President, unlike Ronald Reagan, who sought to help those people who were the most aggressive opponents of Soviet communism, this President has tried to seek out those people in the Muslim Brotherhood and elsewhere and reach an accommodation with them. 
chaos and the rise of a radical, fanatic Islamic movement, ISIL, that will burn people alive, that will recruit people throughout the West to murder people in a newspaper, like we just saw in Paris, for drawing a cartoon that in some way made fun of their beliefs, as if people aren’t free to make fun of other people’s beliefs. No, they think it is all right to murder those people, and that is less civil—that is not even a sin, that is a mandate, as compared to murdering unarmed people. 
cartoonist in France and his colleagues, a policeman who happened to be a Muslim, laying there helpless on the ground, and they murdered him outright. This is fanaticism. This is part of a fanatic, radical Islamic movement that has to be stopped. They will not stop at killing one policeman who happens to be a Muslim on the ground. They will murder millions of others if they get the chance. They are trying to establish themselves throughout the Arab world right now. We need to make sure we stand by our friends. 
was no doubt he was standing behind our friends who opposed Soviet communism, but what are we projecting to those people who are standing firm against this fanatic, radical Islamic movement that would put an Islamic dictatorship on the people? What are we telling our friends who are standing up against that? 
Egypt? ElSisi was a general who stepped in at a time when Egypt could have gone either way. We had a radical Islamic movement going there. Yes, there was an elected President, and he 
trying to institute a caliphate in Egypt. They rose up against him in an aggressive shout from the people of Egypt, saying: We will not let our country become an Islamic caliphate. This is Egypt. We believe in a democratic government here, and we believe in an Egyptian government—not some radical, fanatic Arab government that was superimposed on them by members of some Muslim Brotherhood that operates behind the scenes. 
Egypt would fall today or would have fallen then, there would be no chance of stopping this fanatic movement that threatens the world and threatens especially other Muslim countries. There would have been no chance at all. President elSisi is a courageous man who has stepped forward, and our President took a long time and is still taking a long time in getting solidly behind the effort to prevent Egypt from becoming a bastion of fanatic Islamic radicalism that would threaten the world. 
ago, and he expressed: My goodness, we bought all of these helicopters from the United States, and we need them now because there is an insurgency going on with radicals out in the Sinai desert. We need these helicopters. And it took forever for our administration, this government, to provide them the spare parts, the spare parts for that effort. They have jumped through hoops. We were doing them a favor. No, we should look at these people as doing us a favor. They are on the front lines battling this. 
did something that all Americans and peaceloving people throughout the world should applaud, and that is he went directly to Muslim groups in Egypt and spoke to them and spoke on the record saying we have got to cleanse ourselves from this fanaticism in which we are intolerant of other people’s religions, these people who would murder other people and commit acts of terrorism. President elSisi, that was courageous of him. We need other leaders to follow in his footsteps. 
Has our administration done anything to congratulate President elSisi in making that incredible stand? What type of things have we done to prove that we are behind him in this effort? He also did something else. President elSisi was the first President of Egypt ever to visit a Coptic church, a Christian church in Egypt. Yet this administration has been just soso when it comes to elSisi. Yes, we have not undermined him, but we have not given him support, which would have been a signal to all of the other leaders there to stand firm and America will stand behind you. 
King of Jordan, who was only here just a few days ago, and what happened? A Jordanian pilot was put into a cage and burned to death as a public spectacle. A Jordanian pilot. Why did they do 
that? Why did these fanatics do that? Because they meant to terrorize the people of the world, terrorize the people of Africa, terrorize other people who would stand up against them. And what was Abdullah’s reaction to that? He left his meetings in the United States and flew back to Jordan. It is now being said that he personally flew a bombing mission against the ISIL people who burned that man alive. Now there is a leader, and we should be backing him up. 
But what do we hear just in the paper 
the other day? That Jordan is having difficulty in getting the supplies of weapons and arms that they need to make sure that they can stand firm against ISIL and this horrible, radical fanatic movement that is sweeping through their part of the world. 
to support great leaders who would help us end the cold war. We will bring about war if leaders like King Abdullah in Jordan and President elSisi in Egypt—if people think we won’t get behind them, how can we count on others to take that stand. 
Iraq? They are the ones bearing the burden, bearing the brunt of all of the fighting that is going on now in Iraq. The other people, when we tried to work things through Baghdad and tried to accommodate leaders who were halfheartedly in this battle and really weren’t committed, what happened? We gave them enormous amounts of military equipment that ended up in the hands of radicals, ended up being used as vehicles and guns to destroy and kill people who want the type of world that we want to live in, which is a world of tolerance and freedom and peace and prosperity, not radical, fanatic Muslim dictatorship. 
The Kurds are the one group in Iraq that have stood firm and are the one group that has received the least support from the United States as compared to the others. 
their thumb down on the Kurds, we are going along with a demand with those people that all our aid that goes to the Kurds goes to Baghdad first. That is recognizing the people who are not really on our side, their power, over the people who are on our side. 
In fact, there was a meeting in London just in the last few days—I guess it was last week—to determine what would go on in Iraq. The United States was, of course, maybe not sitting at the table, but helped organize this and were part of the process of trying to get this meeting together. We didn’t even insist that the Kurds were there. The Kurds weren’t even at the table. 
are on the front lines fighting the big fight of today against radical Islamic terrorism. We betrayed them. This is horrible. What kind of message does that send 
to other people around the world who have to stand up against this onslaught of radical fanatic Islamic terrorist dictatorship that would be superimposed on them? 
people understand—whether it is Abdullah—or how about the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi, for example? Here is a man who is so strong in his conviction and leadership in that part of the world to try to stop this terrible threat. Yes, he is treated well. We should be honoring him. 
the efforts to take the Abdullahs and the Crown Prince there in Abu Dhabi and President elSisi. These people deserve demonstrable support, not just sort of halfheartedly getting behind them. 
today? Qatar is trying to make a decision as to what to do in the face of this. For example, they permit us to have airstrikes against ISIL—this radical Islamic group up in Iraq—they are permitting us to use an air base in Qatar to launch those attacks, but we should make sure people understand and are grateful to them for it and be demonstrable about it. 
Part of it is, yes, stand up with your 
friends. If somebody does something good, like Qatar has just done and wants to go back—and, by the way, has taken some steps in the right direction after taking some steps in the wrong direction—they lost faith in us, I believe, and now, they are coming back in our direction. We should encourage that. 
need to be tough on the guys who are our enemies, who are going the wrong way, who are supporting radical Islamic fanatic terrorism, like, for example, Pakistan. 
over a 10year period to Pakistan. We are giving hundreds of millions of dollars of military equipment and foreign aid to a country that is, yes, supporting the Taliban. 
lost in Afghanistan can be traced back to terrorists who are using Pakistan as a home base, but not only as a home base, the ISI have been actively involved in helping these fanatic terrorists that our people were up against in Afghanistan. 
know that it is known, but maybe just the fact that they were giving safe haven to Osama Bin Laden—the murderer of 3,000 Americans on 9/11—they gave safe haven to this man. This was, ‘‘Oh, we didn’t know.’’ No one believes that. They knew. 
have taken the doctor who gave us the location of Osama Bin Laden and helped us bring Osama Bin Laden to justice, that doctor, Dr. Afridi, is now languishing in a dungeon, in a 10by10 foot cell in Pakistan. 
to the United States, and for us to walk away and ignore it is to encourage others to treat us in the same way. 
and friends to our friends. Is that a difficult formula? Is that too difficult for people to understand? 
this President has been treating our enemies better than he has been treating our friends in many cases, in terms of willing to reach out to them. We should be reaching out and trying to do everything we can to help the friendly countries rather than reaching out to seek accommodations with these evil countries. 
than the announcement that we had secretly negotiated a deal with Fidel Castro’s regime in Cuba—secretly negotiated. Congress didn’t know what was going on, and now, he has announced by edict his executive orders. 
Castro a little bit because Castro, after all, he could rule with edicts, just like our President now likes to rule with edicts, rather than go through what we call your regular order as seeking the legislative branch and seeking compromises and establishing policy in that way. 
years of American policy towards Cuba on his own rather than coming here to Congress and working out something with us and trying to find what was the best way and opening up Cuba to having the beginning of an economic relationship and having Americans go freely there and then to come to the United States. 
concessions, none, that the Cubans made for this President to give up that 50 years, 50 years of ‘‘this is what our policy is, you are going to have to do this—free elections, opposition parties, et cetera—then we will recognize you.’’ This President gave it up and no concessions on the other side. 
that send to all these other countries? Again, it is not just Cuba. What message does that send to all these other countries when we complain about human rights or we try to set a standard, some standard, that will, indeed, take that country in the right direction? 
with no concessions; thus every little petty dictator in the world or, even worse, every group that is out there who is trying to decide whether or not to go with radical Islamist terrorism or not, they know they can make whatever decision they want and eventually the United States is going to cave in because we are projecting weakness. 
Reagan did that was terrific was to rebuild our military, and it did—it created a sense of awe, but it was a sense of strength. He used that sense of strength, but it was his strategy in helping those people throughout the 
world who are our friends and the friends of things we believed in and the enemy of our enemies. That is what worked. We are sending the wrong message to the people who will be the enemy of our enemies. 
positive and forceful support for those people who are standing up—the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and these others and Abdullah and Jordan and President elSisi in Egypt—by not demonstrably standing with them, we send the wrong message throughout the world. That is why things are falling apart. That is why things are not going in the right direction. 
This isn’t we just happen to live in a 
time when things are chaotic. That is not the case. Just like Ronald Reagan didn’t just live in the times when there was a Soviet communist threat that was undermining the peace of the world. That didn’t just happen. It was the basis of things that, yes, what they did, but also our response to that threat. 
has led us down a path that has created the chaos that we now see, created a situation where you have a radical fanatic Islamic dictatorship movement that not only tries to take over and dominate the Islamic part of the world, but is threatening terrorist acts and has engaged in terrorist acts. 
We will have more and more bombings like we saw at the Boston Marathon. We will have more and more terrorist actions taken in Western Europe as we saw in Paris or in Africa, unless we step forward and let the world know that we are strong, we are strong in our commitment, and we stand by those who will help us in this battle. 
I had not been there for a long time. I had never gone to the 9/11 Memorial. I visited the 9/11 Memorial, and I would advise anyone who has not been there to go there. 
This is a memorial to the 3,000 Americans who died on 9/11, most of them there at the World Trade Center in those two great towers that were brought down on that day. You should go. Anyone hearing my voice—my colleagues, others—should go and see this. 
of almost every one of the victims who died that day. Many, of course, were firemen and policemen who, when the airplane struck that building, instead of running away and rushing away, they ran towards the building, they ran there to see what they could do to help, and they gave their lives, these heroic people. 
We have to have a government as heroic as our own people if we are going to triumph over the people that slaughtered those people today. They slaughtered them in 9/11, and they will slaughter them today. 
3,000 people—and I was in the government when that happened, and I worked with Reagan before that, but 
on 9/11, we had been here a long time, and we are all part of this. 
We owe it to the people of the United 
States, all of us on both sides of the aisle and in the executive branch and whoever else who is the government of this country, we owe it to our people to make sure we are doing the right thing—and I looked into their faces, and I brought my children with me to see this, and I said: Look, all of those people, do you know what they are telling us? They are telling us, to me and to all of us here in this body, you let us down, you let us down. 
another wall in another city with 20,000 pictures on it because they have got some sort of dirty bomb or something. These people that we are facing today are capable of that. 
I am not arguing for major deployments of military units overseas, occupation, garrison in the world, like we did for too long, and I do not think it was right for us to go into Iraq in the first place. 
on our side, like Ronald Reagan did, we need to have a strong military, and we need to make sure that the world respects us. 
Then we need to have stands and activities and actions that win their respect, them knowing that we stand with those people who will stand firm against this threat to the world. 
another World War IIlike thing 10 years down the road when we say: Why didn’t you stop that fanatic Hitler when he was just walking around, goosestepping around in these towns in Germany when he could have been stopped? Why didn’t you stop him then? 
of people. This could lead to that type of conflagration. 
this radical movement there now, they will find ways of killing thousands of Americans, and there will be other walls, with other pictures, saying: Why didn’t you do something? 
I call on my colleagues now to seriously look at this challenge that we face. My negative comments about what I believe is the President not dealing with this situation in the right way is something that I am saying from the heart, and I am not doing this for political reasons. 
Let me just say today that we see examples of where we need to take stands. We need to make sure, for example, that the nouveau regime in Iran is facing a President of the United States and an American Government that are making demands that they do not use this system that they are developing now. They have signed a treaty saying they would not have a nuclear weapon. We should hold them to that treaty, and we should be helping 
against that nouveau regime. I do not say we should attack Iran with American military might. We should be supportive, and we should have been so all along. 
streets of Tehran, and there was no message. There was no message at all of support from our government at that time. That was one of the first things this President did—he refrained from helping and supporting those young activists for democracy in Iran. The Baloch people are fighting against the corruption and oppression of the Pakistani Government, which is dominated by these radicals. We should be helping the Baloch, who can also be active in Iran, I might say. 
throughout the world today—actions both in terms of policy and in terms of actually helping people struggle for freedom—that will ensure the peace of the world 10 years down the road, as Ronald Reagan did when he took over. He left us a better world. We need to take the steps now to make sure that, when we leave this body, when we leave Congress—and whoever becomes President the next time around—that we leave this government so that our people have a greater chance for freedom, a greater chance to live in peace. We need to make sure that our people can live in peace and prosperity. 
Memorial shout out to us: Do your duty. You didn’t do it. You let us down. Don’t do it again. Make sure the American people are safe. You have a challenge now. Meet that challenge. Stand firm. Stand strong behind those who are with you. 
WESTERMAN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, we have heard a great deal about protocol this past week, and it all centers around the invitation by the Speaker of this House to the Prime Minister of Israel to come and speak to the body, as he has done twice before. 
It is worth pointing out, Mr. Speaker, that Bibi Netanyahu is one of the most prescient voices that we have in the entire world to address some of the subjects and some of the dangers that face the United States of America, and yet this administration is caught up in a conundrum over protocol. 
this administration that ours is a government made up of three equal branches, it is even more important to remind this administration that, when Iran is pursuing a nuclear weapons capability with which to threaten the peace and security of the entire world, when ISIS and groups like it are 
slaughtering people the world over, when ISIS is crucifying and killing and torturing people in Iraq—when they are burning their prisoners alive in cages—this administration is caught up in protocol. Mr. Speaker, that is a profound distortion of priority. 
all of its talk of protocol, not only violated protocol when it traded five Taliban leaders for Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl, but it broke the law itself. This administration has repeatedly sought to unconstitutionally usurp the powers of the legislative branch by brash fiat. It chooses to listen to these mysterious voices of those who did not vote in our Nation’s election. Its constitutional overreach is evidenced by Cuba, immigration, ObamaCare, and a number of others. 
Let us put that litany aside for a moment and just consider the arrogance of this administration as it comes now to proclaim that the Speaker of this House has somehow broken protocol by inviting the Prime Minister of our most vital ally on Earth to speak on this floor. 
go after and silence the guest speaker, himself. In hearing the visceral rhetoric of this White House, one would think our Speaker had invited the prime minister of an enemy nation instead of one of our best friends on the planet. Unfortunately, this administration’s claims of breached protocol are an attempt to overshadow the real elephant in the room, and truth itself. 
the Israeli elections, as some might say. It is not about the doomed diplomatic overtures of this administration. The real crisis and the real threat is a nuclearcapable Iran, and Prime Minister Netanyahu—with the greatest credentials on Earth related to this threat—in coming to speak to all of us is acting as a trusted ally should act. I hope this administration and this Congress and the American people will listen to him very carefully. 
is that an outspoken enemy of our Nation, one that is, indeed, the leading state sponsor of global Islamic terrorism, is actively pursuing nuclear weapons that could create the gravest of threats to the United States, Israel, and the entire free world. 
How quickly we forget that Iran considers the United States of America the ‘‘Great Satan.’’ How quickly we forget that last year, on November 4, Iran, once again, celebrated ‘‘Death to America Day,’’ commemorating the 1979 seizure of the United States Embassy. How quickly we forget that ‘‘death to America’’ is the rallying cry of Hezbollah, which has been backed by Iran, and it launched attacks on Israel just last week, killing and wounding good men. 
Iran’s stated goals is ‘‘wiping Israel off the map.’’ How quickly we forget that Iran collaborates with antiU.S. regimes in South America and is actively seeking to exploit our borders and, of course, this administration’s complete inattention to them. How quickly we forget that Iran continues to cooperate with North Korea in the development of longrange missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads to the United States of America. 
so naive or, worse, so arrogant as to believe that we can have any type of credible, diplomatic agreement with the leadership of such a regime? 
Speaker, to the United States of America that this supposed breach of protocol has somehow permitted this administration through anonymous, yet somehow authoritative, sources to politically threaten the elected leader of our only democratic ally in the region—calling him names in the media and being vindictive in its every interaction with him. None of this salve for the administration’s wounded ego has furthered the interests of the United States one iota. Ultimately, it has only diminished America’s national security and Israel’s right to defend herself. 
Mr. Speaker, there are, unfortunately, only three things that will prevent Iran from eventually gaining nuclear weapons: one is a fundamental change of the regime in Iran; two is a direct military action to destroy their capability to build a nuclear weapons capability; or, finally, Mr. Speaker, it is the conviction in the minds of the jihadist leadership in Iran that military action will occur if that capability is not dismantled. 
diplomacy—call it what you will, but in the end, ignorance, whether intentional or unintentional, is not a viable alternative to the truth. Along with so many others in this body and, really, in America, itself, I have every conviction that when Prime Minister Netanyahu speaks on the threat that Iran’s pursuit of nuclear weapons and its sponsorship of terrorism pose to global security, he will be speaking the truth. Once again, for the sake of America, for Israel, and for the free world, I pray that we all listen very carefully. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ) for 30 minutes. 
October 29 of 2012, Super Storm Sandy battered the coast of my State, New Jersey, leaving behind a wake of devastation and interrupting the lives of many, many thousands of people in our communities. 
destruction, our communities came together. Neighbors took each other in, people looked after each other, families started over, small businesses slowly started to rebuild, and there was hope again in New Jersey. My heart goes out still to the many friends and neighbors who are still trying to put their lives back together again. 
Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government has had a vital role in our recovery. Disaster assistance came through the Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA. Nearly 183,000 disaster victims were awarded $1.3 billion in disaster assistance—money to rebuild homes or to find new ones, money to help people get their lives back again. That is why it is so upsetting for these victims to now, 2 years later, be receiving letters from FEMA demanding the repayment of those aid grants. I am referring to a process called ‘‘recoupment,’’ and it goes like this: 
aid. It makes a determination, it gives a grant, and it later changes its mind. It could be for fraud or applicant error, in which case FEMA has my full support, but sometimes FEMA just changes its mind. The application is correct. An examiner evaluates the claim, makes the payment, and then, later, a supervisor can change his mind and say: ‘‘We don’t think you got this one right,’’ and a letter goes out months—even years—later, demanding repayment. 
the insurance industry. I started as a claims adjuster. I had the privilege at the end of my career of running a large insurance service company, and sometimes errors did get made. Sometimes a supervisor disagreed because there was just a difference of opinion. I might have even made a few errors myself. But in the private sector, companies can’t just reach out and demand those funds back again and, in the case of the Federal Government, demand with an ‘‘or else.’’ An ‘‘or else’’ from the long arm of the Federal Government is a serious matter, indeed—wage garnishment or worse. 
years after Sandy—1,200 of my fellow New Jerseyans had received letters demanding that $8 million be returned to the Federal Government. These are people who used these funds to rebuild their homes, to find new places to live, to repair what was broken, to replace the clothes on their backs, and begin again. Now the government wants to take it back. It is a terrible blow to these dear people, our fellow citizens, whose lives were overwhelmed in just a few short hours. It is something that could happen to every one of us. 
Disaster Assistance Fairness and Accountability Act of 2015. Like it says in the title, it is about bringing fairness and accountability back to this process, and it does it, Mr. Speaker, in a few simple ways. First, fairness. It allows FEMA to recoup funds if there is an applicant error or if there is fraud, but not if FEMA just changes its determination on an application that was accurate and later just subjects itself to a change of opinion. 
FEMA that applies to the private sector, and it is fundamentally fair. 
Accountability. My proposed act requires FEMA to prove that the applicant was guilty of error or fraud instead of the other way around. It shifts the burden of proof from the individual to the government, which is where it should be. Only at FEMA are you guilty until proven innocent. That is fundamentally unAmerican and something my bill will change. Where there is fraud or applicant error, FEMA has full authority to recover funds so that the hardworking taxpayers of our country are getting a fair shake as well. 
Lastly, the bill is reasonable. It imposes a 3year statute of limitations on FEMA for these recoupment actions. Now there is no limit. They can reach in many years after if they choose to. Nearly every other law in the United States is subject to a statute of limitations, and this should be no different. 
that we can help the survivors of Superstorm Sandy, and they need and deserve our help. This bill is just a start, but this bill will also help victims of future disasters. 
I think one of our most important responsibilities as legislators is to listen to our constituents and to find ways that we can improve this government on their behalf. This is an important step in that direction. I am hopeful that we can work together, Republicans and Democrats, and bring this bill to a successful vote to bring some fairness and accountability back to this one small part of the Federal Government. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia (at the request of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
Rule XI, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology adopted its rules for the 114th Congress on January 27, 2015, and I submit them now for publication in the Congressional Record. 
with the Ranking Minority Member, the Chair of the Committee shall establish guidelines for the use of Committee hearing rooms. 
RULE II . REGULAR , ADDITIONAL , AND SPECIAL  
day of the Committee for the conduct of its business shall be on the first Thursday of each month, if the House is in session. If the House is not in session on that day, then the Committee shall meet on the next Thursday of such month on which the House is in session, or at another practicable time as determined by the Chair. 
may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of the Chair, there is no need for the meeting. 
considers necessary and in accordance with the notice requirements contained in these rules, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other Committee business. 
place, and subject matter of any Committee meeting, which may not commence earlier than the third day on which Members have notice thereof, unless the Chair, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, or the Committee by majority vote with a quorum present for the transaction of business, determines there is good cause to begin the meeting sooner, in which case the Chair shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. 
amendments to a measure or matter shall be submitted in writing or electronically to the designee of both the Chair and Ranking Minority Member at least 24 hours prior to the consideration of the measure or matter, and the Chair may oppose any amendment not so submitted. 
and hearings of the Committee shall be open to the public or closed in accordance with the House Rules. 
the Committee (or any Committee Member who is not a Member of the Subcommittee) may have the privilege of nonparticipatory attendance at Committee or Subcommittee 
i. vote on any matter; ii. be counted for the purpose of establishing a quorum; 
under the 5Minute Rule, unless permitted to do so by the Chair; 
shall form a quorum, except that two Members shall constitute a quorum for taking testimony and receiving evidence, and one third of the Members shall form a quorum for taking any action other than for which the presence of a majority of the Committee is otherwise required. If the Chair is not present at any meeting of the Committee or Subcommittee, the Vice Chair on the Committee who is present shall preside at the meeting, unless another Member of the Committee is designated by the Chair. 
XI, the Chair may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment. The Chair may resume proceedings on a postponed vote at any time after reasonable notice. 
after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, shall limit the total time of opening statements by Members at a Committee meeting to no more than ten minutes, the time to be divided equally between the Chair and Ranking Minority Member. When requested, ex officio Members of any Subcommittee shall also be recognized at a Subcommittee hearing for five minutes each to present an opening statement. 
the Committee on any bill, amendment, motion, or other matter under consideration by the Committee will be limited to five minutes, and then only when the Member has been recognized by the Chair. This time limit may be waived by the Chair pursuant to unanimous consent. 
vote of the Committee shall be provided on any question before the Committee upon the request of onefifth of the Members present. 
shall be recorded and may be published in the same manner as hearings before the Committee. Transcripts shall be included as part of the legislative report unless waived by the Chair of the Committee. 
further action of the Committee, the Chair is authorized to offer a motion under clause 1 of House Rule XXII whenever the Chair considers it appropriate. 
of witnesses to testify at a hearing as soon as a complete list of witnesses, including those to be called by the minority, is compiled. When practicable, the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member will seek to have a complete list of witnesses compiled at or as soon as practicable after the time that the hearing is publicly announced. 
48 hours in advance of his or her appearance, each witness who is to appear before the Committee shall file, in printed copy and in electronic form, a written statement of his or her proposed testimony and a curriculum vitae. 
the Committee on any measure or matter, the Minority Members of the Committee shall be entitled, upon request to the Chair by a majority of them before the completion of the hearing, to call witnesses selected by the Minority to testify with respect to the measure or matter during at least one day of hearing thereon. 
nongovernmental capacity, a written statement of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any Federal grants, cooperative agreements, or contracts, or contracts or payments originating with a foreign government, received during the current calendar year or either of the two previous calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. The disclosure shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof), cooperative agreement, or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing; and the amount and country of origin of any payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. Such statements, with appropriate redactions to protect the privacy or security of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears. 
of the Committee from each party to question a witness for a period of time equally divided between the majority party and the minority party, not to exceed one hour in the aggregate; or 
ii. Designate staff from each party to question a witness for a period of time equally divided between the majority party and the minority party, not to exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
law privileges made by witnesses in hearings, or by interviewees or deponents in investigations or inquiries, are applicable only at the discretion of the Chair, subject to appeal to the Committee. 
Committee shall be reported by the Chair pursuant to clauses 2–4 of House Rule XIII. 
report shall be considered as read if it has been available to the Members of the Committee for at least 24 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, or legal holidays except when the House is in session on such days). 
shall be approved by a majority vote of the Committee at a meeting at which a quorum is present. If at the time of approval of such a report a Member of the Committee gives notice of intent to file supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views that Member shall be entitled to file such views. 
reports approved by a majority vote of the Committee may be ordered printed, unless otherwise required by House Rules. 
of business, including the markup of legislation or a hearing is open to the public, that meeting or hearing shall be open to coverage by television, radio, and still photography in accordance with clause 4 of House Rule XI. 
shall be five standing Subcommittees of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, with jurisdictions as follows: 
jurisdiction over the following subject matters: all matters relating to energy research, development, and demonstration projects therefor; commercial application of energy technology; Department of Energy research, development, and demonstration programs; Department of Energy laboratories; Department of Energy science activities; energy supply activities; nuclear, solar, and renewable energy, and other advanced energy technologies; uranium supply and enrichment, and Department of Energy waste management; fossil energy research and development; clean coal technology; energy conservation research and development, including building performance, alternate fuels, distributed power systems, and industrial process improvements; pipeline research, development, and demonstration projects; energy standards; other appropriate matters as referred by the Chair; and relevant oversight. 
have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: all matters relating to environmental research; Environmental Protection Agency research and development; environmental standards; climate change research and development; the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, including all activities related to weather, weather services, climate, the atmosphere, marine fisheries, and oceanic research; risk assessment activities; scientific issues related to environmental policy, including climate change; remote sensing data related to climate change at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA); earth science activities conducted by the NASA; other appropriate matters as referred by the Chair; and relevant oversight. 
scientific research, and scientific and engineering resources (including human resources); all matters relating to science, technology, engineering and mathematics education; intergovernmental mechanisms for research, development, and demonstration and crosscutting programs; international scientific cooperation; National Science Foundation; university research policy, including infrastructure and overhead; university research partnerships, including those with industry; science scholarships; computing, communications, networking, and information technology; research and development relating to health, biomedical, and nutritional programs; research, development, and demonstration relating to nanoscience, nanoengineering, and nanotechnology; agricultural, geological, biological and life sciences research; materials research, development, demonstration, and policy; all matters relating to competitiveness, technology, standards, and innovation; standardization of weights and measures, including technical standards, standardization, and conformity assessment; measurement, including the metric system of measurement; the Technology Administration of the Department of Commerce; the National Institute of Standards and Technology; the National Technical Information Service; competitiveness, including small business competitiveness; tax, antitrust, regulatory and other legal and governmental policies related to technological development and commercialization; technology transfer, including civilian use of defense technologies; patent and intellectual property policy; international technology trade; research, development, and demonstration activities of the Department of Transportation; surface and water transportation research, development, 
and demonstration programs; earthquake programs and fire research programs, including those related to wildfire proliferation research and prevention; biotechnology policy; research, development, demonstration, and standardsrelated activities of the Department of Homeland Security; Small Business Innovation Research and Technology Transfer; voting technologies and standards; other appropriate matters as referred by the Chair; and relevant oversight. 
general and special investigative authority on all matters within the jurisdiction of the Committee. 
Subcommittees. Minority party assignments shall be made only with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member. The Chair shall determine the ratio of Majority Members to Minority Members of each Subcommittee; provided that the ratio of Majority Members to Minority Members on each Subcommittee (excluding any ex officio Member) shall be no less favorable to the majority party than the ratio for the Committee. 
shall expeditiously refer all legislation and other matters referred to the Committee to the Subcommittee or Subcommittees of appropriate jurisdiction, unless the Chair deems consideration is to be by the Committee. Subcommittee Chairs may make requests for referral of specific matters to their Subcommittee if they believe Subcommittee jurisdictions so warrant. 
dates with the concurrence of the Chair and after consultation with the other Subcommittee Chairs with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Subcommittee meetings or hearings wherever possible. No Subcommittee may meet or hold a hearing at the same time as a meeting or hearing of the Committee without authorization from the Chair. 
meet, hold hearings, receive testimony or evidence, mark up legislation, and report to the Committee on all matters referred to it. For matters within its jurisdiction, each Subcommittee is authorized to conduct legislative, investigative, forecasting, and general oversight hearings; to conduct inquiries into the future; and to undertake budget impact studies. 
Committee with copies of such records of votes taken in the Subcommittee and such other records with respect to the Subcommittee as the Chair of the Committee deems necessary to ensure compliance with the House Rules. 
and responsibilities to the Vice Chairs of the Committee or the various Subcommittees. 
on a continuing basis, the application, administration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within its jurisdiction, including all laws, programs, and Government activities relating to nonmilitary research and development in accordance with House Rule X. 
name of the Committee shall be approved by the Chair Nothing in this subsection shall be interpreted to infringe on a Subcommittee’s authority to conduct general oversight of matters within its jurisdiction, short of undertaking an investigation. 
National Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in accordance with House Rule VII. 
House Rule VII, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determination on the written request of any Member of the Committee. 
The Chair shall maintain an official Committee website for the purpose of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, including communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee Members and other Members of the House. The Ranking Minority Member of the Committee may maintain a similar website for the same purpose, including communicating information about the activities of the minority to Committee Members and other Members of the House. 
From the amount provided to the Committee in the primary expense resolution adopted by the House of Representatives in the 114th Congress, the Chair shall designate onethird of the budget, after adjustment for the salaries of the shared administrative functions for the Clerk, Printer and Financial Administrator, under the direction of the Ranking Minority Member for the purposes of minority staff, travel expenses of minority staff and Members, and all other minority office expenses. 
The rules of the Committee may be modified, amended or repealed, in the same manner and method as prescribed for the adoption of committee rules in clause 2 of House Rule XI, but only if written notice of the proposed change has been provided to each such Member at least 3 days before the time of the meeting at which the vote on the change occurs. Any such change in the rules of the Committee shall be published in the Congressional Record within 30 calendar days after their approval. 
are the rules of the Committee and its subcommittees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies are available, are nondebatable privileged motions in the Committee and its subcommittees. 
part of the Committee, and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee 
appoint a vice chairman of the Committee and of each subcommittee. If the Chairman of the Committee or subcommittee is not present at any meeting of the Committee or subcommittee, as the case may be, the vice chairman shall preside. If the vice chairman is not present, the ranking member of the majority party on the Committee or subcommittee who is present shall preside at that meeting. 
RULE II . REGULAR , ADDITIONAL , AND SPECIAL  
of the Committee shall be held on the first Wednesday of every month to transact its business unless such day is a holiday, or the House is in recess or is adjourned, in which case the Chairman shall determine the regular meeting day of the Committee for that month. A regular meeting of the Committee may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of the Chairman, there is no need for the meeting. This paragraph shall not apply to meetings of any subcommittee. 
may call and convene, as he or she considers necessary, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other committee business. The Committee shall meet for such purpose pursuant to the call of the Chairman. 
may commence sooner than announced if the Chairman, with concurrence of the ranking minority member, determines there is good cause to begin the meeting sooner or the Committee or subcommittee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business. The Chairman shall make a public announcement of the meeting time change at the earliest possible opportunity. 
The clerk of the Committee shall notify the Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional Record as soon as possible after a public announcement of a time change for a Committee or subcommittee meeting is made under this paragraph. 
a joint session of the House and Senate or during a recess when a joint meeting of the House and Senate is in progress. 
meeting or hearing of the Committee shall begin promptly at the time so stipulated in the public announcement of the meeting or hearing. 
time designated by the Chairman with concurrence of the ranking minority member, until such time as each member of the Committee or subcommittee who so desires has had an opportunity to address the Committee or subcommittee. 
A member shall be limited in his or her remarks to the subject matter under consideration. The Chairman shall enforce this paragraph. 
members of the Committee who are not members of a particular subcommittee may, by unanimous consent of the members of such subcommittee, participate in any subcommittee meeting or hearing. However, a member who is not a member of the subcommittee may not vote on any matter before the subcommittee, be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum, or raise points of order. 
markup of legislation, or a hearing is open to 
use of cellular telephones in the Committee hearing room is prohibited during a meeting or hearing of the Committee. 
RULE IV . POWER TO SIT AND ACT ; POWER TO  
within the United States whether the House is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned and to hold such hearings; and 
the attendance and testimony of such witnesses and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memorandums, papers, and documents, as it deems necessary. 
major investigation without approval of a majority of such subcommittee. 
designated by the Chairman, may administer oaths to any witness. 
Each witness who has been subpoenaed, upon the completion of his or her testimony before the Committee or any subcommittee, may report to the offices of the Committee, and there sign appropriate vouchers for travel allowances and attendance fees. If hearings are held in cities other than Washington, D.C., the witness may contact the counsel of the Committee, or his or her representative, before leaving the hearing room. 
the members of the Committee or a subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for the reporting of a measure or recommendation. 
project for navigation, flood control, and other purposes by the Corps of Engineers (section 4 of the Rivers and Harbors Act of March 4, 1913,33 U.S.C. 542). 
Federal reservoir project where the benefits attributable to water quality are 15 percent or more but not greater than 25 percent of the total project benefits (section 65 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1974). 
Conservation Service watershed project involving any single structure of more than 4,000 acre feet of total capacity (section 2 of P.L. 566, 83rd Congress). 
members of the Committee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of taking testimony and receiving evidence. 
record vote is ordered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment; and 
proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
may commence sooner than announced if the Chairman, with concurrence of the ranking minority member, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner or the Committee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business. The Chairman shall make a public announcement of the hearing time change at the earliest possible opportunity. 
The clerk of the Committee shall notify the Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional Record as soon as possible after a public announcement of a time change for a Committee or subcommittee hearing is made under this paragraph. 
protect the privacy of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears. 
announcement of a hearing, to the extent practicable, the Committee shall make available immediately to all members of the Committee a concise summary of the subject matter (including legislative reports and other material) under consideration. In addition, upon announcement of a hearing and subsequently as they are received, the Chairman shall make available to the members of the Committee any official reports from departments and agencies on such matter. 
hearing of the Full Committee, the Chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee shall each be entitled to present an oral opening statement of five minutes. At a hearing of a subcommittee, the Chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee and the Chairman and ranking minority member of the subcommittee shall each be entitled to present an opening statement for five minutes. 
Full Committee or a subcommittee, other members of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate, may submit written opening statements for the record. The Chairman presiding over the hearing may permit oral opening statements by other members of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member. 
only for 5 minutes until such time as each member of the Committee or subcommittee who so desires has had an opportunity to question the witness. 
A member shall be limited in his or her remarks to the subject matter under consideration. The Chairman shall enforce this subparagraph. 
or a subcommittee, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, or the Committee or subcommittee by motion, may permit a specified number of its members to 
question a witness for longer than 5 minutes. The time for extended questioning of a witness under this subdivision shall be equal for the majority party and minority party and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
subcommittee, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, or the Committee or subcommittee by motion, may permit Committee staff for its majority and minority party members to question a witness for equal specified periods. The time for extended questioning of a witness under this subdivision shall be equal for the majority party and minority party and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
of the Committee on a measure or matter which has been approved by the Committee shall be filed within 7 calendar days (exclusive of days on which the House is not in session) after the day on which there has been filed with the clerk of the Committee a written request, signed by a majority of the members of the Committee, for the reporting of that measure or matter. Upon the filing of any such request, the clerk of the Committee shall transmit immediately to the Chairman of the Committee notice of the filing of that request. 
record vote on a motion to report any measure or matter of a public character, and on any amendment offered to the measure or matter, the total number of votes cast for and against, and the names of those members voting for and against, shall be included in the Committee report on the measure or matter. 
of each odd numbered year, the Committee shall submit to the House a report on the activities of the Committee. 
activities undertaken by the Committee and any recommendations made or actions taken thereon; and 
to each member of the Committee for at least seven calendar days; and 
minority, additional, or dissenting views submitted by a member of the Committee. 
THAN MEMBER VIEWS .—A Committee or subcommittee document containing views other than those of members of the Committee or subcommittee shall not be published without approval of the Committee or subcommittee. 
standing subcommittees. These subcommittees, with the following sizes (including delegates) and majority/minority ratios, are: 
and Hazardous Materials (31 Members: 18 Majority and 13 Minority). 
and ranking minority member of the Committee shall serve as ex officio voting members on each subcommittee. 
shall be a ratio of majority party members to minority party members which shall be no less favorable to the majority party than the ratio for the Full Committee. In calculating the ratio of majority party members to minority party members, there shall be included the ex officio members of the subcommittees. 
is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the Full Committee on all matters referred to it or under its jurisdiction. Subcommittee chairmen shall set dates for hearings and meetings of their respective subcommittees after consultation with the Chairman and other subcommittee chairmen with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Full Committee and subcommittee meetings or hearings whenever possible. 
bill, resolution, or other matter favorably reported by a subcommittee shall automatically be placed upon the agenda of the Committee. Any such matter reported by a subcommittee shall not be considered by the Committee unless it has been delivered to the offices of all members of the Committee at least 48 hours before the meeting, unless the Chairman determines that the matter is of such urgency that it should be given early consideration. Where practicable, such matters shall be accompanied by a comparison with present law and a sectionbysection analysis. 
the Chairman of the Committee determines, in consultation with the majority members of the Committee, that consideration is to be by the Full Committee, each bill, resolution, investigation, or other matter which relates to a subject listed under the jurisdiction of any subcommittee established in Committee Rule VIII referred to or initiated by the Full Committee shall be referred by the Chairman to all subcommittees of appropriate jurisdiction within two weeks. All bills shall be referred to the subcommittee of proper jurisdiction without regard to whether the author is or is not a member of the subcommittee. 
resolution, or other matter referred to a subcommittee in accordance with this rule may be recalled therefrom at any time by a vote of a majority of the members of the Committee voting, a quorum being present, for the Committee’s direct consideration or for reference to another subcommittee. 
this rule with respect to any matter, the Chairman may refer the matter simultaneously to two or more subcommittees for concurrent consideration or for consideration in sequence (subject to appropriate time limitations in the case of any subcommittee after the first), or divide the matter into two or more parts (reflecting different subjects and jurisdictions) and refer each such part to a different subcommittee, or make such other provisions as he or she considers appropriate. 
out oversight responsibilities as provided in this rule in order to assist the House in— 
may indicate the necessity or desirability of enacting new or additional legislation; and 
Committee and the appropriate subcommittees shall cooperatively review and study, on a continuing basis, the application, administration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within the jurisdiction of the Committee, and the organization and operation of the Federal agencies and entities having responsibilities in or for the administration and execution thereof, in order to determine whether such laws and the programs thereunder are being implemented and carried out in accordance with the intent of the Congress and whether such programs should be continued, curtailed, or eliminated. In addition, the Committee and the appropriate subcommittees shall cooperatively review and study any conditions or circumstances which may indicate the necessity or desirability of enacting new or additional legislation within the jurisdiction of the Committee (whether or not any bill or resolution has been introduced with respect thereto), and shall on a continuing basis undertake future research and forecasting on matters within the jurisdiction of the Committee. 
The Committee shall, in its consideration of all bills and joint resolutions of a public character within its jurisdiction, ensure that appropriations for continuing programs and activities of the Federal Government and the District of Columbia government will be made annually to the maximum extent feasible and consistent with the nature, requirements, and objectives of the programs and activities involved. 
time to time, each continuing program within its jurisdiction for which appropriations are not made annually in order to ascertain whether such program could be modified so that appropriations therefore would be made annually. 
all matters to be set forth in the concurrent resolution on the budget for the ensuing fiscal year which are within its jurisdiction or functions; and 
budget authority, and budget outlays resulting therefrom, to be provided or authorized in all bills and resolutions within its jurisdiction which it intends to be effective during that fiscal year. 
shall keep a complete record of all Committee action which shall include— 
transcripts, a substantially verbatim account of remarks actually made during the proceedings, subject only to technical, grammatical, and typographical corrections authorized by the person making the remarks involved; and 
such record vote shall be made available by the Committee for inspection by the public at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee. Information so available for public inspection shall include a description of the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition and the name of each member voting for and each member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, and the names of those members present but not voting. 
The records of the Committee at the National Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the 
consultation with the chairman of each subcommittee, the majority members of the Committee, and the minority members of the Committee, shall, for each Congress, prepare a consolidated Committee budget. Such budget shall include necessary amounts for staff personnel, necessary travel, investigation, and other expenses of the Committee. 
for the payment of additional or unforeseen Committee expenses may be procured by one or more additional expense resolutions processed in the same manner as set out herein. 
any chairman of a subcommittee may initiate necessary travel requests as provided in Committee Rule XVII within the limits of the consolidated budget as approved by the House and the Chairman may execute necessary vouchers thereof. 
Chairman shall submit to the Committee on House Administration, in writing, a full and detailed accounting of all expenditures made during the period since the last such accounting from the amount budgeted to the Committee. Such report shall show the amount and purpose of such expenditure and the budget to which such expenditure is attributed. A copy of such monthly report shall be available in the Committee office for review by members of the Committee. 
the Committee shall appoint and determine the remuneration of, and may remove, the staff assigned to the minority within the budget approved for such purposes. The staff assigned to the minority 18 shall be under the general supervision and direction of the ranking minority member of the Committee who may delegate such authority as he or she determines appropriate. 
shall be authorized by the Chairman for any member and any staff member in connection with the attendance of hearings conducted by the Committee or any subcommittee and meetings, conferences, and investigations which involve activities or subject matter under the general jurisdiction of the Committee. Before such authorization is given there shall be submitted to the Chairman in writing the following: 
be made and the date or dates of the event for which the travel is being made. 
each country for which travel is authorized together with a description of the purpose to be served and the areas of Committee jurisdiction involved. 
travel outside the United States may be initiated by the Chairman or the chairman of a subcommittee (except that individuals may submit a request to the Chairman for the purpose of attending a conference or meeting) and shall be limited to members and permanent employees of the Committee. 
Within 15 legislative days from the conclusion of any hearing, investigation, study, meeting, or conference for which travel has been authorized pursuant to this rule, each member and staff member involved in such travel shall submit a written report to the Chairman covering the activities and other pertinent observations or information gained as a result of such travel. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, February 9, 2015, at 1 p.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, transmitting the twentysixth quarterly report to the Congress on Afghanistan Reconstruction, pursuant to Public Law 110181, section 1229; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
transmitting a financial statement and independent audit of The American Legion, proceedings of the 96th Annual National Convention of the American Legion, held in Charlotte, North Carolina from August 2228, 2014, and a report on the Organization’s activities for the year preceding the convention; (H. Doc. No. 114—7); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
DEFAZIO, Mr. I SSA, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. E SHOO , 
Mr. F ORBES , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. C HAFFETZ , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. H OLDING , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Mr. T HOMPSON of California): 
H.R. 9. A bill to amend title 35, United 
States Code, and the LeahySmith America Invents Act to make improvements and technical corrections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 746. A bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to require humane treatment of animals by Federal Government facilities; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
Education Oversight Coordination Committee; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 748. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide additional educational assistance under the Post9/11 Educational Assistance Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs to certain eligible individuals; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. C APUANO): 
H.R. 749. A bill to reauthorize Federal support for passenger rail programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 750. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the amount excluded from gross income for employerprovided dependent care assistance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
H.R. 751. A bill to require the Secretary of 
State to offer rewards for information on the kidnapping and murder of James Foley, Peter Kassig, Steven Sotloff, or the kidnapping and murder of any other citizen of the United States by a foreign terrorist organization; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
DEGETTE , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C OURT NEY, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
Ms. B ASS, Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B RADY  
of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ARNEY , 
of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C ROWLEY , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of 
ELLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H OYER , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. K APTUR, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. L YNCH , 
York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
NADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
SHERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. T AKAI, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , 
H.R. 752. A bill to prohibit the transfer or 
possession of large capacity ammunition feeding devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of the Federal Aviation Administration to issue regulations to improve the tracking of aircraft in flight, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
child count used to determine targeted grant amounts and education finance incentive grant amounts for local educational agencies under title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to prohibit Federal mandates, direction, or control, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
ESHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
JOYCE , Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. M ULLIN , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
SIRES, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. V ELA, 
Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. C ONYERS , 
H.R. 756. A bill to amend the Energy Policy 
and Conservation Act to provide for the dissemination of information regarding available Federal programs relating to energy efficiency projects for schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Financial Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. 
H.R. 758. A bill to amend Rule 11 of the 
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 759. A bill to enhance public safety by 
improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal prison system with offender risk and needs assessment, individual risk reduction incentives and rewards, and risk and recidivism reduction; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 760. A bill to rename the Bureau of 
Prisons as the Bureau of Corrections; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Snow Mountain National Monument in the State of California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
KIND, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , and Mr. C ARNEY ): 
H.R. 762. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand and modify the credit for employee health insurance expenses of small employers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 763. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program under which eligible veterans may elect to receive hospital care and medical services at nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
JONES , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. N ADLER , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. N OLAN , 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G ENE 
MCGOVERN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , 
H.R. 764. A bill to enhance reciprocal market access for United States domestic producers in the negotiating process of bilateral, regional, and multilateral trade agreements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 765. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the 15year recovery period for qualified leasehold improvement property, qualified restaurant property, and qualified retail improvement property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
the appropriate Federal banking agencies when requesting or ordering a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account, to provide for additional requirements related to subpoenas issued under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, 
JOLLY , Mr. A MODEI , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M OORE , Mr. D ANNY K. 
H.R. 767. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform and reset the excise tax on beer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. N ORTON, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
NADLER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. R USH, Ms. 
H.R. 768. A bill to provide for an effective 
HIV/AIDS program in Federal prisons; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
WALBERG , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. H UNTER , 
GUTHRIE , Mr. B YRNE , Mrs. B ROOKS of 
H.R. 769. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt certain educational institutions from the employer health insurance mandate, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Aid Program under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 771. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act in order to strengthen rules applied in case of competition for diabetic testing strips, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. PRICE of North Carolina): 
of the Federal Aviation Administration to issue regulations to improve flight recorder and aircraft crash location requirements on certain commercial passenger aircraft in accordance with new International Civil Aviation Organization flight recorder standards; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
the Department of Education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Small Business, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
LOWEY , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
of Ohio, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
NUNNELEE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
of Texas, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. L ONG, Mr. E LLISON, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. H ARPER, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. W ILSON of 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. B URGESS, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
BEATTY , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. F RANKEL  
COLE, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. N OLAN ): 
H.R. 775. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
KIND, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. 
H.R. 776. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to create alternative sanctions for technical noncompliance with the Stark rule under Medicare, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
TONKO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. R UIZ): 
H.R. 777. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide funding for the National Institutes of Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 778. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to redistribute Federal funds that would otherwise be made available to States that do not provide for the Medicaid expansion in accordance with the Affordable Care Act to those States electing 
to provide those Medicaid benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 779. A bill to authorize project development for projects to extend Metrorail service in Northern Virginia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 780. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for offsetting certain pastdue local tax debts against income tax overpayments; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Carolina, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
H.R. 781. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for qualified conservation contributions which include National Scenic Trails; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
ELLISON , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. P OCAN , 
H.R. 782. A bill to eliminate the sequestration under section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. 
H.R. 783. A bill to address the urgent need 
for a Federal strategy to ensure that individuals who encounter minors at risk of female genital mutilation are fully prepared to take action to prevent the practice, and individuals who have been subjected to female genital mutilation can seek necessary services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. H IGGINS, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. H IMES, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. E LLISON , 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. E STY, Ms. B ROWN of 
MCGOVERN , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K INGof 
New York, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. C LARKE  
LEE, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. W ELCH , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. K EATING , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. R UIZ, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. S EWELL of 
Alabama, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. 
H.R. 784. A bill to reinstate overnight delivery standards for marketdominant products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. L YNCH , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. 
H.R. 785. A bill to repeal the revised annuity employee and further revised annuity employee categories within the Federal Employees Retirement System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 786. A bill to improve access, certainty, and innovation with respect to vaccines; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 787. A bill to assess the State by State 
impact of Federal taxation and spending; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 788. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a temporary dividends received deduction for dividends received from a controlled foreign corporation; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. B ARLETTA , and 
H.R. 789. A bill to provide for research with 
respect to Lyme disease and other tickborne diseases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
importation, distribution, and sale of investigational drugs and devices intended for use by terminally ill patients who execute an informed consent document, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 791. A bill to prohibit the unauthorized remote shut down of a cellular phone; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 792. A bill to provide for no net increase in the total acreage of certain Federal land under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of 
Land Management, the National Park Service, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, or the Forest Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on 
Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 793. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to ensure equal access of Medicare beneficiaries to community pharmacies in underserved areas as network pharmacies under Medicare prescription drug coverage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Master Teacher Corps program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 795. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to make publicly available on the official Medicare Internet site Medicare payment rates for frequently reimbursed hospital inpatient procedures, hospital outpatient procedures, and physicians’ services; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to participate in the design, planning, and construction of the South Sacramento County Agriculture and Habitat Lands Water Recycling Project in Sacramento County, California; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 797. A bill to authorize the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to waive certain debts owed to the United States related to disaster assistance distributed to individuals and households in error, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 798. A bill to amend the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 to prohibit the flying of unmanned recreational aircraft near commercial airports; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
WELCH , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. P AULSEN , 
route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. 
H.R. 800. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide veterans the option of using an alternative appeals process to more quickly determine claims for disability compensation; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
MEEKS , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. S IRES, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. 
Mr. P AYNE , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN): 
H.R. 801. A bill to waive and repay certain 
debts relating to assistance provided to individuals and households; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama (for himself and Mr. LOEBSACK ): 
H.R. 802. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to develop and implement a plan to provide chiropractic health care services and benefits for certain new beneficiaries as part 
of the TRICARE program; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Tennessee, Mr. J ONES , Mr. D UNCAN of 
POMPEO , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G ARRETT , Mrs. W AGNER , 
Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. W ILSON of South 
MIMIWALTERS of California, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
LATTA , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. A MASH , Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. R OONEY of 
H.R. 803. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit taking minors across State lines in circumvention of laws requiring the involvement of parents in abortion decisions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 804. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to increase access to Medicare data; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
BARTON , Mr. C RAMER , Mrs. E LLMERS , 
Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. K LINE, Mr. W ALDEN , 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. 
Telecommunications and Information Administration from relinquishing responsibility over the Internet domain name system until the Comptroller General of the United States submits to Congress a report on the role of the NTIA with respect to such system; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: 
H.R. 806. A bill to provide for a land exchange involving a parcel of real property under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Army on the site of the former Mare Island Naval Shipyard, Vallejo, California; to the 
H.R. 807. A bill to designate a peak in the 
State of Nevada as Maude Frazier Mountain; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H. Con. Res. 15. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the United States Postal Service should issue a commemorative postage stamp honoring Admiral Ben Moreell and that the Citizens’ Stamp Advisory Committee should recommend to the Postmaster General that such a stamp be issued; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
KENNEDY , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON  
DELAURO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. T SONGAS, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
MOULTON , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. G UINTA , 
Ms. K USTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
POLIQUIN , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. N EAL): 
New England Patriots on their victory in Super Bowl XLIX; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. L ORET TA SANCHEZ of California, Ms. 
VELA, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. F UDGE , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
HIMES, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. W ILSONof Florida, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
of Indiana, Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. H AHN, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C OSTA , 
Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. N OLAN , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. K APTUR, Ms. B ASS, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
the 50th anniversary of Project Head Start; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
BUSTOS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
Rules of the House of Representatives to prohibit the regulations promulgated by the Speaker to carry out the rule prohibiting admission to the Hall of the House by former House officials with business before Congress from providing an exemption for admission to the Hall for ceremonial or educational functions; to the Committee on Rules. 
issued in honor of the Chinese railroad workers from 1865 to 1869, and that the Citizens’ Stamp Advisory Committee should recommend to the Postmaster General that such a stamp be issued; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H. Res. 95. A resolution recognizing the importance of transformative breakthroughs in biomedicine, biotechnology, and life sciences in the diagnosis, management, curing, and treatment of illness and the existence of a ‘‘Valley of Death’’ in biotechnology and life sciences funding that stifles innovation and impedes translational medical research; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H. Res. 96. A resolution honoring the life of 
Trayvon Martin, urging the repeal of Stand Your Ground laws, and calling on the United States Government to address the crisis of racial profiling; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
to award the Medal of Honor to James Megellas, formerly of Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, and currently of Colleyville, Texas, for acts of valor on January 28, 1945, during the Battle of the Bulge in World War II; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 809. A bill for the relief of Ibrahim 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 9. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 8 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 746. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 747. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power To . . . 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 748. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘provide for the common Defense and general Welfare—of the United States’’ pursuant to Article I, section 8 of the United States 
H.R. 749. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce among the several States). 
H.R. 750. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States 
H.R. 751. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the Power to . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States); Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 (To . . . make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof). 
With regard to Clause 1, the bill’s intent is 
to offer cash incentives to individuals who will help in the fight against foreign terrorist organizations. Therefore, the bill will yield additional security to the United States. With regard to Clause 11, the bill creates new legal frameworks and incentives, or ‘‘Rules’’, by which the United States may make ‘‘Captures on Land’’. With regard to Clause 18, the bill provides specific language, means, and authorizations to carry out the missions set forth in Clauses 1 and 11. 
H.R. 752. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 753. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution provides Congress with the authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 754. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18; and including, but not solely limited to the 14th Amendment. 
H.R. 755. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 756. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.) 
H.R. 757. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
H.R. 758. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislation is based is found in Article I, Section 8, Clause 9; Article III, Section 1, Clause 1; and Article III, Section 2, Clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress authority over federal courts. 
H.R. 759. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 
H.R. 760. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 761. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 762. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 763. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 764. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 of the 
H.R. 765. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 766. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution, and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which grants Congress the ability to make laws necessary to carry out that power. Additionally, Article I, Section 7, Clause 2 of the Constitution allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be made law; and therefore it implicitly allows Congress to amend any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. 
H.R. 767. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 768. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, which empowers Congress, in part, to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes’’ and ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . .’’ The bill will exempt certain educational institutions from taxes imposed by public Law 111–148, as amended. Congress has the power to repeal such taxes and provide for the general welfare of those who have been and will be harmed by their imposition. 
H.R. 770. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 771. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the 
H.R. 772. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 773. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people. 
H.R. 774. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 775. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 776. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 777. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 778. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 779. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 780. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution which provides Congress with the power to lay and collect taxes and regulate commerce among the several states. By Mr. CONNOLLY: 
H.R. 781. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 or article I of the Constitution, and clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 782. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
has the authority ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 783. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 784. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 785. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress is authorized to enact this legislation under the Commerce Clause, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Additionally, Congress has the authority to enact this legislation pursuant to the Preamble of the Constitution, ‘‘to promote the general welfare.’’ 
H.R. 786. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 787. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 788. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 790. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 791. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 793. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 794. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 795. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
H.R. 796. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. 
H.R. 797. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Acticle I, Section 8 enumerates the legislative powers which include: 
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 798. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Acticle I, Section 8 enumerates the legislative powers which include: 
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 799. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. 
H.R. 800. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have the power to make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 801. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 802. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
provide for the common defense, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 803. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 804. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 805 Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 806. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 807. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 808. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 809. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 4 of the Constitution provides that Congress shall have power to ‘‘establish an uniform rule of Naturalization’’. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 59: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 69: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 131: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. C OLLINS of 
H.R. 197: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. B USTOS , and 
H.R. 214: Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
H.R. 249: Ms. M OORE and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 284: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mrs. B LACK BURN . 
H.R. 310: Mr. O LSON and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 362: Ms. N ORTON and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 366: Mr. J ONES , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 400: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. A USTINSCOTT of Georgia, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
H.R. 529: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 532: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 540: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Utah. H.R. 546: Mr. O LSON , Mr. L ONG, Mr. K IND, 
H.R. 551: Ms. P INGREE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 594: Mr. M CHENRY and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 601: Mr. H ILL, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. 
H.R. 641: Mr. W ILLIAMS and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 644: Mr. P AULSEN and Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 663: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. 
H.R. 670: Mr. H ARPER and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 674: Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
H.R. 699: Mr. H ENSARLING and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 703: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. J ORDAN. 
H.R. 732: Mr. T AKAI and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 733: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. D UNCANof South Carolina, and Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.J. Res. 2: Mr. J ORDAN and Mr. C OLE. 
H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. M ILLERof Florida, and Mr. G OSAR . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S803 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2015 No. 20 