Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I began a series of remarks leading up to tomorrow, Emancipation Day, in the District of Columbia, when Lincoln and the Congress freed the slaves in the District 9 months ahead of the Emancipation Proclamation. 
There are no slaves living in the District today, nor is there a single free and equal citizen living in your Nation’s Capital. Freedom from slavery did not give residents freedom as equal citizens. 
series, I spoke about D.C. residents going to war, to every war since the Nation was created, without ever having a vote. Today’s remarks fit today, April 15, the day when D.C. residents will be the only Americans who pay Federal taxes without a vote for or against those taxes or anything else. For us, it is not tax day; it is taxation without representation day. 
this House is obsessed with taxes, that is to say, tax cuts. There are tax cut bills on the floor this very week. Our residents are not demanding tax cuts— take the money—but they are demanding the rights that go with the taxes they pay. 
We want an end to no vote on this 
floor; an end to local matters coming to Congress without a vote on this floor; an end to D.C.’s local budget, of all matters, coming to Congress, even though there is not one dime of Federal money in it, only local money. 
We want an end to every Member getting a vote on District matters that come to this floor except the Member who represents the District of Columbia. We want an end to this mountainload of injustice, and that comes with statehood. 
paying taxes without representation is to compare D.C. residents and what 
taxes they pay with what other Americans pay. Look at who pays the highest taxes in the United States of America, D.C. residents—this is per capita, my friends—compared to who pays the lowest, Mississippi. What is that, a third of what D.C. residents pay? 
New York and California—New York taxpayers pay a little more than $8,700 per capita, California a little more than $8,000 per capita—both compared to our $12,000 per capita. Southern States average between the $4,000 and $5,000 per capita range. The Midwest states average in the $6,000 range. Ohio is $6,130. Iowa is $6,019. 
Even States with many wealthy taxpayers, like Virginia and Florida, are within the $7,000 tax range, but D.C.— 650,000 residents—pays $12,000 per resident. Find your State on my Web site. You will not find one state paying what District of Columbia residents pay. 
paying taxes, but we believe that the constituents of my colleagues will join the moral outrage of my constituents when they learn that D.C. residents are not only paying more federal taxes per capita than any other Americans, but that added up, this amounts to more dollars than 24 of our States are paying, all with representation. 
full freight to support the United States Government. The time is overdue to permit D.C. citizens to join the Union of States as the State of New Columbia, the 51st State of the Union. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. 
today is April 15. This is the day that our income taxes are due, a day that is difficult enough under the best of circumstances, but made even more difficult, purposefully, for millions of Americans. 
to take out their differences with the IRS by deliberately torturing the American taxpayer. Ours is the largest tax system in the world that relies primarily on voluntary compliance. Most Americans, in fact, do comply, but an everincreasingly complex tax system makes that compliance difficult. 
It should be noted that it is not the 
IRS that makes the Tax Code complex; it is Congress that makes the Tax Code complex, a Congress that is sometimes so late in meeting its obligations with tax changes that the Service has difficulty even printing the forms on time as these changes occur every single year. 
In order to help citizens with Congress’ complex tax system, the Internal Revenue Service runs the largest consumer service operation in the world, but this process has been deliberately 
sabotaged by the Republican approach to the agency budget. 
The agency has 30,000 fewer employees today than it had in 1992. The real budget adjusted for inflation is about the level we had in 1998, when we had fewer taxpayers filing returns and a Tax Code that was smaller and less complicated. 
with the agency in improving its service in streamlining and modernization and giving them today’s computers, maybe it would be possible to keep pace, but the IRS has been given a budget that prevents it from modernizing its information technology. It uses applications for its computers that were running in the early 1960s. 
computer technology, but you cannot modernize the simple call service function of answering phones and talking to taxpayers, yet Congress has deliberately slashed that money available for those positions. 
I have and which I hope every one of my colleagues does before they reduce those budgets yet again, they will find employees who simply cannot meet the needs of their customers. 
people on hold for 20 minutes, 30 minutes, or more or dropping the calls altogether. It frustrates the taxpayer, and it breaks the hearts of our employees. 
forget to declare all of their income, and, frankly, there are some people who actually cheat on their taxes, but Congress has not equipped the IRS to do the audits necessary to actually collect the money that is due—billions and billions of dollars—which would pay for badly needed government services or reduce our debt. 
that would not just pay for themselves but would collect 10, 20, 30 times or more their annual salaries, and Congress is deliberately making it worse with yet another budget cut while watching the exodus of highly trained, skilled professionals who have better things to do with their lives than work in an impossible situation and constantly be under attack. 
when the agency has not performed in ways that we would all like, but the solution is not to torture the taxpayers and fail to equip the agency to do its job while continuing to make the Tax Code ever more complex. 
is not fair to the taxpayers; it is a disservice to our employees; and it makes it hard to fund the needs of our Nation. They may think it is good politics to make the taxpaying experience as miserable as possible, but it is, ultimately, bad judgment; it is poor politics; and it is a disservice to the American public. 
looking at scandal within the IRS. Whatever problems they uncover or imagine, the real scandal is how the Republican budget is treating the American public and the people who work for them at the vital service of the Internal Revenue Service. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Katrina Adams, president of the United States Tennis Association. 
which I live, work, and represent is wellknown for its production of high profile and world renowned male athletes, individuals like Ernie Terrell, world heavyweight champion; basketball stars Doc Rivers, Isaiah Thomas, Mark Aguirre, Mickey Johnson, Kevin Garnett; footballer Darryl Stingley; and countless others who have excelled in athletics. All of them are males. 
mention two females. One is Dorothy Gaters, the girls’ basketball coach and athletic director at the John Marshall High School in Chicago, Illinois, the winningest high school basketball coach in the Nation. The other is Katrina Adams, who grew up not far from Marshall High School and whose parents still live in the East Garfield Park community. 
Earlier this year, Katrina Adams became the first African American and the first former pro tennis player to become president and CEO of the United States Tennis Association, which is a 134yearold organization that had barred Black athletes from its premier event—the U.S. National Championship, currently known as the U.S. Open—until 1950, when it allowed Althea Gibson to compete. 
53 people—among them, just four women—who have been the USTA leaders, an unpaid volunteer position. 
Tribune, the writer states that, although her term lasts only 2 years, Adams understands that her being the face of the U.S. Tennis Association can have a significant impact, especially at a moment when the best female player in the world, Serena Williams, is also an African American. 
president is a huge statement. It shows how far we have come within the USTA as a whole. 
As family, friends, community leaders, old coaches, volunteers, and tennis fans gathered to congratulate and honor Katrina, they were reminded of something her mother, Yvonne, told her many years ago. Her mother said: 
want to reach where you are, but they will want you to do well, and you are showing them they can do it if they put their minds to it. 
Philip Hersh also mentions in his article something that Billie Jean King is supposed to have said to her friend Katrina. She said: 
Katrina, if you can see it, you can be it. 
the U.S. Tennis Association president— and as a former pro besides—sends a strong message. 
Her family, friends, and former classmates at Whitney Young High School, at Northwestern University, and in the East Garfield Park community were, indeed, a proud bunch as they gathered to salute the young lady they had watched grow up in the inner city, become a high school and college tennis star, a tennis pro, and, ultimately, the president of the United States Tennis Association. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ) for 5 minutes. 
I am reintroducing a bill to extend the Supplemental Security Income program, known as SSI, to Puerto Rico. 
Rico faces because it is a territory and not a State, few are as damaging as its exclusion from SSI. 
to blind, disabled, or elderly individuals who have limited or no income. We are talking about the most vulnerable members of our society. SSI applies in all 50 States and in the District of Columbia. However, since the program’s inception in 1974, it has not been extended to Puerto Rico. Instead, the Federal grant program, known as Aid to the Aged, Blind, and Disabled, or AABD, applies in Puerto Rico. 
to beneficiaries; whereas the AABD program is administered by the Puerto Rico Government, using an annual block grant provided by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The gap between the treatment that is provided to beneficiaries in the 50 States and the treatment that is provided to their fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico is, in a word, shocking. 
statistics, the average SSI payment to beneficiaries is $540 a month and is close to $650 a month for beneficiaries who are under the age of 18. By contrast, based on the most recent data that has been furnished to my office, the block grant that the Federal Government provides to the Puerto Rico Government is only $33 million a year. With this limited funding, the Puerto 
Rico Government provides an average payment to adult beneficiaries of just $74 a month. Let me repeat that—$540 a month in the States versus $74 a month in Puerto Rico. To add insult to injury, the Puerto Rico Government is legally required to meet a 25 percent match in order to receive this block grant. The States, obviously, do not have to make any matching payments for their residents to receive SSI assistance. 
Puerto Rico were a State, it would receive up to $1.8 billion a year under SSI. That is 54 times as much as the territory receives annually under AABD. Again, let me repeat that—54 times greater. The GAO estimated that, if Puerto Rico were a State, 300,000 island residents would qualify for SSI payments. Under the current program in Puerto Rico, only 35,000 individuals receive assistance. Thus, Puerto Rico’s exclusion from the SSI program means that its government cannot provide decent monthly payments to residents who cannot support themselves. It also means that the Puerto Rico Government cannot assist hundreds of thousands of extraordinarily needy residents at all. 
Rico is harmed by its territory status need look no further than the treatment it receives under SSI. Those who want to comprehend why, roughly, 240,000 island residents relocated to the States between 2010 and 2014 in search of a better quality of life should realize that Puerto Rico’s unequal treatment under key Federal programs, including—but not limited to—SSI, is a major contributing factor to this migration. 
Politicians in Puerto Rico and the States who defend Puerto Rico’s current status must accept the undeniable truth that this status is harming the people of Puerto Rico. When they rationalize or excuse Puerto Rico’s territory status, they are complicit in Puerto Rico’s mistreatment. 
But make no mistake. The era of inequality is coming to an end. I stand side by side with a large and growing army of proud U.S. citizens from Puerto Rico who refuse to accept such shameful treatment any longer. We believe in full equality for Puerto Rico under the American flag. We will fight for it until we achieve it, and we will achieve it soon. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
of concerns that I believe we need to confront as quickly as possible. 
sadly, the snatching of over 200 girls from northern Nigeria—the area in which the girls lost their innocence and their right to a good quality of life. 
It was in the dark of night when heinous thugs, armed with horrific weapons, burst into the dorm rooms of sleeping girls who were preparing to take exams to improve their lives. Their parents had worked hard. They were like any other parents here in the United States or around the world, loving their children; and these heinous thugs with their vile leader, Boko Haram, stole them—stole their innocence and, in a certain sense, their virginity. Now we are struggling to find them. 
the Nigerian Government to find and bring back the girls. In the spring of 2014, I traveled to the northern state with my colleague Ms. WILSON and 
with my colleague from Texas, and we met with broken families and with the girls who had escaped. We saw the northern state. We were not welcomed by the words that we were saying, which was ‘‘bring the girls back.’’ We met with generals in our military. We saw our military’s compassion under the Africa Command, and we saw that they were ready to be of assistance. Those generals, I must say, said that they were ready. 
15,000 people. There are thousands who are displaced—1.5 million, I believe the number is—and these girls are still missing. They are said to have been married off, but some girls are worth rescuing. All girls are worth rescuing. All children are worth saving. Today, we will stand on the steps of the Capitol, begging for help from the international community. 
I must make mention that the African Union, through the auspices of the United Nations, has developed a strategy and a military effort, led by Chad, Niger, Cameroon, and Nigeria, but they are still not found—they are still not caught—and Boko Haram continues to be the heinous, vile organization that should not exist in attacking the innocent people of Nigeria. Boko Haram has declared itself part of the family of ISIL. That alone stands to promote them as a heinous terrorist group, and they should draw the attention of the world just like ISIL has drawn the attention of the world. 
United States, who I believe has a deep commitment to find these girls, to be able to engage in an intensified effort to find them and a collaborative effort with our expertise, continued, to be able to assure that these girls are brought home, but that Boko Haram does not continue to flaunt itself. 
heinous killings of students in Kenya. We must be concerned about a continent that is our friend, a continent that desires to do trade and business with us, a continent that looks to America—Africa, who loves America. You can see the array of Africans who are here in the United States. I have the largest population of Nigerians— 
wonderful, good people, doctors and teachers, lawyers, public servants. But we must stand with them to bring these girls back. 
destroying of Christian artifacts, the destruction of towns left in their midst. They don’t care, and I am outraged that they are standing. 
ask for them to be rescued, as I go to express this in an open forum to our community, our Nation. Let me add that part of the work of the Department of Justice deals with issues of human trafficking, and sometimes it takes it internationally. 
that we must—we must—confirm as General, Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General nominee of the United States of America. This is an African American woman that has been held without conscience. She is qualified; she is ready to serve; and I would ask my colleagues to show to the world what kind of country America is—that we follow process, and that this individual be allowed to serve her nation as she desires to do. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana) at 
Grove Baptist Church, Yadkinville, North Carolina, offered the following prayer: 
come into Your presence, confessing our sins, asking You for mercy, grace, 
and forgiveness. We come, recognizing Your greatness and Your power, understanding today that, from Heaven, You oversee all that we do. We come, thanking You for the many blessings that You have bestowed upon this Nation in years past. For Your divine protection, provisions, and the power that You have bestowed upon us, we are grateful. 
Today, we make these requests: We pray for the Members of this 
great body that You grant to them safety, divine wisdom, and knowledge as they make decisions which affect both history and every American citizen. 
We pray that You give to them a love 
for both You and this Nation that is unwavering and unsurpassed. We also pray today for Your protection over the men and women who serve in our Nation’s military all around the world. 
today for a real, true revival of righteousness in America, and we make this prayer in the name that is above every name and to which every knee shall bow and every tongue confess—the name of Jesus Christ. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. COSTA led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
objection, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) is recognized for 1 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, it is an 
the religious community in northwest North Carolina, and he has faithfully shepherded the flock at Union Grove Baptist Church in Yadkinville for 25 years. 
Pilot View Baptist Church in High Point and of West Yadkin Baptist Church in Hamptonville. He attended North Iredell High School, Mitchell Community College, and Fruitland Baptist Bible College. 
cuts to the very heart of the gospel message of love. He has brightened and enriched the lives of many throughout the years, and we are blessed to have him in our community. 
remain with all of us as we do the people’s work. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
That the Senate agreed to without amendment H. Con. Res. 9. 
today to congratulate my alma mater, Roosevelt University, on the 70th anniversary of its founding in Chicago, Illinois. 
stood by its mission: to make higher education available to all students regardless of their socioeconomic status, racial or ethnic origin, age, or gender. 
We can prepare to help the rest of the 
world and do it without fear, do it with goodwill. 
upheld the values of inclusiveness, opportunity, and social justice. In the next 70 years, I know Roosevelt will continue to provide transformational experiences and opportunities for discovery, shaping generations of socially conscious citizens. 
Roosevelt, learning as much from my fellow students as from my classroom work, and the school was very kind to me. 
Congratulations to Dr. Chuck Middleton and to the entire Roosevelt community on the university’s 70th anniversary. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, today, men and women will come together and take a stand against sexual assault at the sixth annual Walk a Mile in Her Shoes march in Columbia, South Carolina. 
highheeled shoes and join women and other community leaders to raise awareness and funds to support survivors of sexual assault and sexual violence. Just one victim is too many, and we must stand with survivors to prevent sexual assault. 
Services of the Midlands, the South Carolina Coalition Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault, the Cumbee Center, and countless other organizations for their advocacy, for their continued efforts to prevent sexual assault, and for their support to survivors. 
Chaired by Ginny Walker, I am grateful my oldest son, State Attorney General Alan Wilson, will be one of the leaders of the Walk a Mile today. They 
are making a difference with efforts to end sexual assault and sexual violence. 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
late John Duncan of Laurens County, South Carolina, the father of our colleague Congressman JEFFDUNCAN . 
in America, 48 children and young people will be shot, and seven will die. Today, in America, 45 people will be injured in gunrelated accidents, and 55 will take their own lives with guns. Yet, today, in America, zero new Federal gun laws will be debated here in this body. 
This is unacceptable. Yet we know smart gun laws work. 
We know background checks keep guns out of the hands of terrorists, criminals, and the mentally ill. We know banning assault rifles and highcapacity magazines protects police officers and the communities they serve. 
shootings claimed the lives of 20 innocent children, President Obama asked the Nation whether we were prepared to admit that we are powerless in the face of the carnage caused by guns. That is not an admission I am ready to make. This isn’t a problem we can ignore. 
usual, let’s come together to prevent dangerous guns from reaching dangerous people. 
(Mr. ROSS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Ms. Keenan has been both the principal and the assistant principal of Tampa Palms Elementary School in the school district of Hillsborough County, Florida, for 18 years. She has recently been appointed to serve as the supervisor of Language Arts and Writing for Hillsborough County. The school district is the eighth largest in the United States, and it is located in Florida’s 15th Congressional District. 
Elementary has been rated as an A rated school for 16 years in a row and is a National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence. 
Keenan has created a culture that embodies her motto: ‘‘Hard work pays off 
child to be treated with love and respect has enabled countless students from diverse backgrounds to learn, gain confidence, and take with them the knowledge and the skills needed to help them make their way in this world. 
door to education and opportunity by their working long hours and with, sadly, less recognition than they deserve. 
young minds. She has touched many lives of those at Tampa Palms Elementary, including those of the students and parents, and they are indebted to her for her life’s work. I am proud to recognize her achievements. 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, we commemorate Holocaust Remembrance Day. 
Israeli Parliament in 1951, and it coincides with the anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto uprising. Later, Congress established annual Days of Remembrance, which we also celebrate this week. Memorial and educational activities will take place in schools, places of worship, and communities across this Nation. 
of victims of the Holocaust, and it is an annual reminder to Americans—indeed, to all of humanity—that we must never forget the evil that man visited upon his fellow man. 
western New York, Robert H. Jackson, who served as the lead American prosecutor of Nazi war criminals at the Nuremberg trials. In recognition of his work to expose the horrors of the Holocaust, we named the new Federal courthouse in Buffalo in Jackson’s honor. 
across the country, Americans will memorialize the victims of the Holocaust, and we will pray for vigilance and for the resolve to stop such evil from ever happening again. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to express my support for the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, which has now passed out of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee with unanimous support. 
continues to be momentum to move forward on this vital and necessary bill to ensure accountability and congressional oversight over any deal with Iran. I call on my colleagues on both sides 
of the aisle to move quickly to enact this bipartisan legislation so that the American people can have a say in any final agreement. 
Mr. Speaker, I remain extremely concerned that the administration’s latest agreement with Iran means that we are headed for a historically bad deal. An agreement that sunsets by the time my youngest daughter is in college does nothing to secure our longterm national security. 
stand strong and unequivocally reject any deal that leaves intact Iran’s nuclear infrastructure, that cements Iran’s position as a nuclear threshold state, that unwinds the sanctions architecture in exchange for empty promises, or that legitimizes a sureto fail inspection regime that falls short of ‘‘anywhere, anytime’’ inspections. 
into false choices, and Iran must not be left with any path towards a nuclear weapon. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
many of my colleagues today proudly wearing red and this pin to ask us to remember to bring our girls back who were kidnapped by Boko Haram. 
Mr. Speaker, I also returned to Washington this week from a busy district work period, where I advocated for homeownership, explored funding for early childhood through college education, and heard from seniors and veterans about their need for access to affordable health care. 
Speaker, that the Republican leadership continues to turn a deaf ear to the American people, to our seniors, to our veterans, and to the next generation by putting forward legislation that does not work for my district in central Ohio or this Nation. 
plans to help hardworking American families by making it easier to own a home, making it easier to send our children to college, and making it easier to have a secure and enjoyable retirement. 
should listen to American families and help them attain the tools they need to achieve economic security for now and the future. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today Americans across the country face the annual deadline to file their tax returns. 
Taxpayers shudder at the mere mention of the IRS, and that image hasn’t been helped since the Federal Government’s most feared agency admitted to singling out conservative groups for unprecedented invasive scrutiny. As Americans, we expect our government to preserve, protect, and defend our rights, not target them for political gain and control. 
pieces of legislation today that will help ensure that all taxpayers are treated fairly and hold IRS employees accountable for their actions. 
Tomorrow the House will vote to repeal permanently the death tax so that families who have lost loved ones are not faced with an enormous financial burden in the wake of that loss. While it represents only a tiny fraction of Federal revenue, the death tax can be devastating for a family. We must repeal this unreasonable and unfair burden on thousands of American families, small businesses, and family farms. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
it has been a year since 276 girls were abducted from Chibok Secondary School in northern Nigeria by the militant Islamic group Boko Haram. Since then, we have heard numerous tales of unspeakable atrocities committed by the group, the continued abductions of schoolgirls who have been trafficked and murdered, and the sickening discovery of a mass grave with beheaded remains in a formerly Boko Haram held territory in northern Nigeria. 
Haram had reached its evil peak, the group swears an unholy alliance to ISIL. 
colleagues for unanimously passing a resolution I introduced condemning Boko Haram. It sent a strong message to the world that America will never tolerate terrorism, and this Congress will never abide terrorists. 
to fight Boko Haram’s brutal victimization of innocent men, women, and children, and defend the basic human right of schoolgirls in Nigeria and around the world to receive an education. We can never forget our girls, and we can never forgive the cowardly crimes of Boko Haram. 
TAX DAY BRINGS ANOTHER PAINFUL REMINDER OF IRS ABUSE 
(Mr. BABIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
day, bringing us another painful reminder of our broken Federal Tax Code, which is being enforced at the heavy and, many times, unfair hand of 
put, American taxpayers are sick and tired of this outofcontrol agency. The IRS has grown too large, too powerful, too aggressive, and too involved in the everyday lives of the American people. 
bills to end this abuse, and we invite the U.S. Senate and the President to join us. Our bills will protect the hard working taxpayers and hold the IRS employees accountable. We create a taxpayer bill of rights, ensuring the American taxpayers are treated with the respect that they deserve. We will take steps to end the politicization of the IRS, which abusively and illegally targeted conservative American citizens. 
From lost emails to refusing to testify before Congress, the IRS abuses must end. I urge my colleagues to support these commonsense bills to bring transparency and accountability to this runaway agency. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
with the Nigerian people who are still terrorized by Boko Haram. 
schoolgirls were abducted from their dorms and classrooms by Boko Haram. This militant terrorist group continues its violent attacks—kidnapping, rape, murder, and brutality—against children, women, and men. 
One year ago the international community joined in the social media campaign #bringbackourgirls to raise awareness of this tragic kidnapping. We speak out today to say these girls have not been forgotten, as 219 of them remain missing, their fates unknown. Many American individuals and organizations as well as government leaders are continuing efforts to aid the Nigerian people who have been victimized and to prevent future violence. 
committed by Boko Haram as we and our allies continue to fight extremist groups around the world. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise to remind my colleagues that we have not yet succeeded in bringing back the 219 Nigerian girls abducted by Boko Haram on this day last year. For a moment, the plight of those young schoolgirls captured the attention of the world, spurred by millions of tweets and a hashtag that demanded justice, but as is so often the case with faces of color, their disappearance quickly left the headlines. 
these girls. Their abduction was a violent challenge to peace, to freedom, 
and to the right of every girl to choose to better herself through education. 
calling for a renewed effort to bring back those girls and to bring justice to those responsible. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring back our girls. I recently returned from a bicameral delegation mission to several African countries, focusing on terrorist threats. The girls are still on everyone’s minds, as are the increasingly frequent and violent attacks of Boko Haram. 
with ISIL, we must do more to counter the growing worldwide threat. We must work with the Nigerian Government and President Buhari, along with the Governments of Chad, Kenya, Cameroon, and any other nation willing to stand up and fight. Building partner capacity by assisting in military training and sharing intelligence will go a long way in the fight to end this cancer. 
of women everywhere are elevated, not just in Nigeria, but around the world. Nowhere in this world should girls fear for their lives just because they want an education. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, today millions of Americans will take their hardearned income through toil and labor and send a significant portion of that sweat equity to Washington, D.C., for this Congress to spend, sending trillions to continue to feed a bloated and inefficient government. According to the IRS, Americans have spent 6.1 billion hours and $168 billion just simply having their tax returns prepared. These taxpayers bear a heavy burden for our actions here. 
took in more money from the American people than ever before. Washington doesn’t have a revenue problem; it has a spending problem, which is easy for Congress because they are spending other people’s money. 
their tax dollars to Washington, D.C., that we will be good stewards of that money, that we will treat it with the respect for the American people that worked hard to earn it and send it here. 
post office to drop their returns before the deadline, we owe them a great debt 
of gratitude; and in that, I ask that Congress renew its efforts to reduce spending, reform programs, balance our budget, and reduce the heavy weight of the tax burden on these hardworking American people. 
1 day after the 1year anniversary of the abduction of the Chibok schoolgirls in Nigeria, I rise to encourage my colleagues here in Congress to continue in their efforts to help bring back our girls. We have protested, demonstrated, tweeted, and spoken about this issue on a number of occasions. Now, with a new Nigerian leader in place, I encourage Muhammadu Buhari to do all that is within his power to defeat Boko Haram and bring back our girls. 
life of their young daughters, can you imagine, as a parent, sending your child off to school and never seeing them again? This is the case for hundreds of families. This is not right. No family or child should feel threatened when it comes to improving their lives through education. 
the total annihilation of Boko Haram, we should also use this moment to emphasize the importance of establishing safe learning environments for all children. I commend USAID and other human rights organizations for the work that they have done to accomplish this goal. 
an American, I urge you all to do much more to stop Boko Haram and promote safe, quality education for young girls and boys around the world. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
tax day, April 15, and one of the things that I wanted to bring to the attention of Congress, really, is the amount of waste and abuse that takes place not just within the bloated Federal Government, but within the IRS. 
I serve as the vice chair of the Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government of the Committee on Appropriations. In this last go around, we reduced—or cut, actually— the IRS’ budget by about $100 million to $300 million. The IRS Commissioner was before us to tell us that that is too much; it is too much; it is too much; the sky is going to fall; we are not going to be able to process returns; we are not going to be able to give taxpayers assistance. 
floor, Mr. Speaker, is that the IRS sends out tens of billions of misapplied 
or fraudulent payments—tens of billions. This has to stop. It is not an issue of not making sure that people pay their taxes. 
are applied fairly and equitably, but we have an obligation of responsibility to make sure that money is spent appropriately and efficiently or safeguarded. It is not our money. 
I just wanted, today, to take the opportunity to recognize the hardworking moms and dads, individuals across this country who have written their check to Uncle Sam, and they expect us to be good stewards of their hard earned dollars. 
on this week I urge this body to pass. Whether it is balancing the budget or making sure that we eliminate the death tax, we will have our opportunity to make sure that we are holding the Federal Government accountable. 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to speak about our most precious natural resource: water. 
It is Water Week here in D.C.; but in 
the San Joaquin Valley, in California, it is always Water Week. 
might think this was taken in an underdeveloped country thousands of miles away. It is not. These are the squalid living conditions in California’s San Joaquin Valley. They are a direct result of the extreme lack of water in California. 
blame, our inability to move the limited water is exacerbating the crisis. While conditions like these are unacceptable, I think to all of us in the richest country in the world, we must do something about it. 
California grows half the Nation’s fruits and vegetables and more, but this year, some estimates say that 1 million acres out of 6 million acres usually in production will be fallowed. 
In the short term, we need to act on 
operational flexibility to deal with this crisis. In the long term, it is time that we fix this broken water system not just for California, but for the West and for the entire world to whom we provide a large part of the food supply. This is the challenge of the 21st century. 
today to address an issue that has hampered the growth and prosperity for 
Our Tax Code shouldn’t be working against us. Each year, hardworking Americans have to navigate the Internal Revenue Code, which stands at tens of thousands of pages. Moreover, the agency charged with collecting taxes from Americans has been scrutinizing and delaying critical paperwork for conservative groups. 
advance the conversation surrounding the comprehensive tax reform. From the individual Code to the corporate tax system, reform needs to result in a fairer, flatter system that works for Americans and their businesses, not against them. 
it is a reminder, Mr. Speaker, that we haven’t addressed the Code in close to 30 years. We have the ability to tackle the Tax Code only if we are willing to make hard decisions. 
days, the highway trust fund runs out of money. That means that 90 percent of the road projects in this country will grind to a halt. That is a national tragedy, particularly when there are numerous bipartisan proposals in this Congress to deal with the situation. 
macro statistics, we decided to reach out to my constituents and find out what they think about America’s infrastructure. We received hundreds and hundreds of responses detailing all the problems my constituents have with long commute times, concrete falling down from bridges and hitting their windshields, and water interruptions. 
United States of America in the year 2015. I encourage this Congress to adopt a longterm highway funding bill and stop with shortterm measures that just delay the inevitable. 
invest in our infrastructure, and let’s stop Americans from having the problems that they have to deal with day in and day out with an underinvested, aging, decrepit infrastructure. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Speaker, I stand today with my colleagues to focus the attention of the world on the 276 young women who were kidnapped by Boko Haram—219 whose whereabouts remain unknown— in Chibok, Nigeria, just a year ago in April. This kidnapping, this act of terrorism, was an attack on the basic human rights of women and girls to 
participate in the civil society, in this instance by attending school to develop their individual talents and Godgiven potential. 
abducted for the explicit purpose of preventing their full participation in the civil society of Nigeria. 
these young women are still missing, and Boko Haram continues to terrorize the people of west Africa, forcing millions of people to flee their home and undermining the foundations of democracy. 
find these girls and bring their abductors to justice. The destabilization of Nigeria, Cameroon, and Chad has implications for the entire continent of Africa and, indeed, the world. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
what you have seen today is the powerful impact of the women of the United States Congress. 
of the United States Capitol; and in that area that we joined with the young girls who had escaped from Boko Haram, women of faith, and many other advocates, we stood there, arm inarm, listening to the stories of those young girls who jumped out of trucks and escaped the violence of Boko Haram and their very thuggish leader. 
year ago, they stole the ‘‘world’s girls.’’ I led a delegation, joined by my colleagues, to Nigeria. In that effort, we saw the families who were crying and broken. We protested at the Nigerian Embassy and made a direct call to the then President to ask him to denounce Boko Haram. 
Working with my colleagues, we have continuously said: bring the girls back. 
been killed because of Boko Haram. Also, 1.5 million are displaced persons, 800,000 of which are children. 
the girls back. I am delighted to have been with Congresswoman MALONEY  
never give up on bringing the girls back. They are the world’s girls. They are our girls. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
the girls of Nigeria, there were solemn acts of remembrance in Nigeria’s capital. 
tied red and purple ribbons around the capital. There was a solidarity protest near the Eiffel Tower in Paris and a gathering in London to call for the girls to be returned. 
In my home city of New York, as the 
sun was setting, the Empire State Building was lit up brightly in purple 
and red, purple for violence against women and red for the girls of Chibok. 
them from the arms of their parents has somehow tied the rest of the world together, united us in our outrage, and armed us with hope. 
for action. It is time for the governments of Africa to unite and to act. Already, the Governments of Chad, Nigeria, Niger, and Cameroon are holding Boko Haram accountable. 
unite because we will never, ever forget our girls. We could not forgive our failure to act. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
I rise today to recognize the 1year anniversary of the tragic kidnapping of 276 girls in Nigeria. 
I welcome Patience and Saw to Washington, two of the girls who are with us all day. I thank all of the Members of Congress for taking part in this sad, sad anniversary. We are wearing red and purple today to note the horrible atrocity. 
before the girls are returned to their families? How many more people must die before Boko Haram is defeated? How many more families must be separated? How many more women will be raped? 
stopped. We must do everything we can to help the Nigerian Government in bringing back our girls. 
to demonstrate, continue to protest, continue to pass legislation, and continue to tweet #bringbackourgirls and #followrepwilson until our girls are returned home. 
OF H.R. 622, STATE AND LOCAL SALES TAX DEDUCTION FAIRNESS ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1105, DEATH TAX REPEAL ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1195, BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION ADVISORY BOARDS ACT 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 200 and ask for its 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 622) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the deduction of State and local general sales taxes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for three important bills: H.R. 622, the State and Local Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015; H.R. 1105, the Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015; and H.R. 1195, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act. 
closed rule for consideration of H.R. 622 and H.R. 1105, and a structured rule for the consideration of H.R. 1195. 
The resolution provides 1 hour of debate equally divided between the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means for 
H.R. 622 and H.R. 1105, and 1 hour of debate equally divided between the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services for H.R. 1195. 
The resolution also provides for consideration of the two amendments offered by the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ) on H.R. 1195 
and provides a motion to recommit for each bill. 
the resolution and the underlying legislation. Each of these bills is important to providing fairness and certainty for our Nation’s Tax Code, ensuring our Nation’s small businesses and family farms are able to pass on to the next generation and ensuring our Nation’s community banks, credit unions, and small businesses are able to work with Federal regulators and have their voices heard. 
Today is April 15. It is tax day. Millions of Americans are filing their taxes today. They go through this annual process, and many Americans are frustrated today because sometimes the Tax Code is frustrating. 
also frustrated by the fact that millions of Americans have to wait until the last minute to find out what the Tax Code will be because so many provisions in our Tax Code are temporary. 
package, which was a batch of tax provisions, was retroactively applied for the entire year of 2014, but it didn’t get signed into law until December 19. That is less than 2 calendar weeks from the end of the year. 
provide a little more certainty and a little more fairness in our Tax Code for the future, and that is what these bills are about today. We are moving forward with important legislation that permanently extends a couple of sections in the Tax Code. 
proposal. In our Tax Code today, American taxpayers have the option to deduct their State taxes. They can deduct their income taxes. Of course, that provision is permanent. It is in law permanently. 
taxes, that is an annual provision that has been—it was part of the tax extender package last year, which wasn’t even renewed until December 19. This is an issue of fairness. 
Some States, like Ohio, where I happen to reside, have an income tax. Other States have a sales tax in its place. For the States that have sales taxes, having this uncertainty is patently unfair, and it pits one State against another. It advantages States that have an income tax and disadvantages States that have a sales tax. 
millions of Americans live, do not have an income tax, and Arizona, they have a sales tax. So we should treat these two tax systems the same. We should be fair and say, if the income tax deduction is permanent, the sales tax deduction is permanent as well. 
from Colorado brought up some good points yesterday in the Rules Committee meeting. While you could move to make the income tax deduction temporary, and that would also provide certainty, I think, until we can do tax reform, we should make these provisions permanent because of Congress’ inability to, in a timely way, provide certainty to the American public. 
In tax reform we can have the discussion about deductible as an overall concept, and I think that is a fair debate to have. But if we are not going to renew it until December 19, 12 months into the year, that does not create a fair and certain system for our taxpayers. 
across the country are treated equally and fairly by our Tax Code. This underlying legislation would permanently extend the sales tax deduction, just like the income tax deduction is permanently in law. 
death tax. The death tax conflicts with the American Dream, and it is inherently unfair. 
The death tax hurts family businesses, family farmers, and ranchers. In fact, according to the Joint Economic Committee, the death tax hurts economic growth and activity by discouraging savings and small business growth. It represents a tiny fraction of Federal revenue, but its impact on families is enormous. 
premise of the American Dream that if American individuals work hard and provide for their families, that they will get to keep some of that money. 
life working hard to build a nest egg for their families, and yet, through the Federal Tax Code, the Federal Government can take up to 40 percent of certain estates just because somebody was unfortunate enough to die. 
rural Ohio, this is often a problem for small family businesses and family farms. As the price of land continues to go up and the price of farm equipment, it is a capitalintensive business, and unfortunately, when you have the power to tax something, you have the power to destroy it. 
the death tax, what many times happens is part of the family farm or part of the family business has to be sold and liquidated, taken away from the family, just to pay the tax collector. 
In fact, the death tax is one of the 
reasons that some family businesses have been lost from one generation to the next. I don’t think it is fair at all for family businesses to have to pay that type of price. 
be able to pass on what they have worked so hard for and what has already been taxed to the next generation, instead of giving 40 percent back to the government. 
sometimes triple taxation, and it further penalizes people from saving and investing in their family or their business and their family farm. I am glad we have an opportunity to move forward on this proposal and repeal the onerous death tax. 
create a small business advisory council for the CFPB and codify two other councils that the CFPB did create on their own. 
These councils can advise and consult the CFPB in the exercise of its functions under the Federal consumer financial laws and provide information on emerging practices in the consumer financial products and services industry. 
H.R. 1195 provides for a small business council to advise the CFPB regarding small business concerns. It is 
important that the CFPB receive this input from people who are close to the action, who know what is going on in consumer finance, and it is critical for small businesses and communitybased financial institutions to have that kind of input and dialogue with the CFPB. 
economy, and we need to ensure its viability in the future by making sure that our Federal regulators are wellinformed of the issues affecting small business as they move forward with important regulations. 
with our House colleagues, and I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
The rule here today provides for consideration of three bills, all of which I oppose in their current form. I want to talk about each of those. 
closed process. This resolution contains the 19th and 20th closed rules of this Congress. 
about taxes here on tax day, we see nothing more than recycled partisan measures and attacks on consumer protections that are disguised and under the guise of a small business advisory board, which had historically been a bipartisan effort. 
tax day may not seem the most exciting piece of legislative news to our constituents, I hope they are watching today, Mr. Speaker. This rule and this bill we are bringing under it really demonstrate the gulf that exists between our two parties when we talk about things like middle class economics. 
This is a $296 billion tax cut. So if we 
have $296 billion in taxes cut, who are we going to cut taxes for? 
This bill affects 100 families in Colorado. With the same amount of money, $296 billion, we could cut taxes for every American adult by $1,000. 
That $1,000 would mean a lot to middle class families, Mr. Speaker. It might help pay for your kids’ college tuition. It might help pay for a family vacation. 
we are directing it to the very wealthiest Americans, namely, those who die with more than a $10 million estate for a married couple. I think we see a stark contrast on priorities. 
tactics that are under consideration, I think it is important to talk about what a Democratic majority would do here on tax day. We would certainly not be about to consider a bill that applies to literally zero percent of taxpayers, Mr. Speaker. 
seem strange to some people that this applies to zero percent of taxpayers. 
But the bill we are considering with regard to the inheritance tax on estates over $10 million would apply to 0.15 percent of taxpayers. That can be rounded down to zero. 
It doesn’t even apply to those taxpayers. It applies to them after they are dead. So it applies to zero living Americans. 
about the broken immigration policies that impact over 11 million immigrant workers who would grow the tax base. 
We won’t have discussions on reducing taxes for the middle class, but we are having policies that affect a few thousand dead people, a few thousand rich dead people, I might add. 
on tax day, we would be working to provide tax relief to middle class families, rather than offering a bill that would gut one agency whose sole purpose is to protect middle class consumers and delivering a tax break to rich, dead families. 
ostensibly about a small business advisory board. This is a worthwhile effort to provide a small business advisory input to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
$9 million, but the Republicans are offering a way of paying for it that guts the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. They are effectively cutting off your arm to remove a splinter in your pinky. 
Well, look. If the majority was consistent when they say the deficit matters and we must pay for legislation— but we are dealt with two bills that are mutually exclusive. 
out $269 billion in deficit spending through providing tax cuts to 1,000 Americans who are already dead. And on the other hand, they are saying this $9 million dollars, somehow we have to figure out a way of paying for, and they are effectively gutting the financial protection agency to do it. 
That is because this $9 million is apparently a step too far, even though they are offering two bills, one that adds $269 billion to the deficit, and the other adds $42 billion to the deficit, which I will talk about in a minute. 
and Means Committee has given Congress nine tax expenditure bills, at a cost of $317 billion, all unfunded; $317 billion in tax expenditure spending, not even including this $269 billion that they are looking at doing today. 
rule today is where we say to ourselves: Look, we will spend $269 billion for a tax expenditure for dead rich people, $42 billion on a tax reform that will ultimately make tax reform harder, but we can’t spend $9 million on a bill to help small business. 
I am sure that we all have a lot of 
ideas on both sides of the aisle about how we can spend money. If we have 
$269 billion in tax expenditures to use, why don’t we direct that to a tax cut for small businesses or to reducing the corporate tax rate, which is one of the highest in the world, or reducing the middle class tax rate? But instead, it is being directed entirely to approximately 100 dead people in Colorado, rather than allowing businesses to keep more of their money so they can reinvest in their infrastructure and create jobs, this precious tax break we are giving to 100 dead people in the State of Colorado. 
We should be talking about tax reform today. We should be talking about how to reduce taxes for the middle class. Instead, we are having a closed debate about another set of bills that will likely not pass the Senate, and if they got to the President’s desk, he would veto. 
rule. The repeal of the estate tax is very hard to explain to our constituents. That is because it is $269 billion that benefits almost no one—less than 100 people in the State of Colorado. 
‘‘death tax’’ or somehow say this will help small business, let’s keep in mind, you don’t even pay inheritance tax on the first $5 million of your estate, $10 million for a married couple. So you can die with a $5 million small business, a $10 million small business for a couple, and your heirs pay zero tax on that—zero tax. 
very limited number of families that might have estates of $50 million or $60 million, instead of paying tax on that, should pay zero tax on that and just have the costs of that added to the deficit. 
There are a lot of ideas about spending $269 billion. We could say, oh, we could spend it on schools or science and research. Or even, if we limit ourselves to what we want to do with taxes, why aren’t we lowering taxes on business? Why aren’t we talking about reducing the marginal rate? Why aren’t we talking about reducing all the tax brackets across the board? Why aren’t we talking about a tax refund to middle class families? Instead, we are spending $269 billion on a few hundred dead rich people. From a tax policy standpoint, that has got to be one of the least productive ways to attempt to cut taxes. 
You want to cut taxes on small businesses? No argument here. Give it to them while they are living. 
got here. I would have loved to have been able to keep more of my own money to be able to invest in the growth of my small business rather than receive a tax break when I am already dead. This makes no sense in the world. 
Look, we would all love to get rid of 
every tax, wouldn’t we—estate tax, business tax, income tax—but we all agree that government needs so much money to function. We have a House budget. The House 
budget that this body agreed to stipulates a certain amount of tax breaks. It is up to our body to decide how to deliver those tax breaks. 
businessowner would rather see lower rates while they are alive so they could grow their companies faster, creating growth and employing people, rather than a tax break after they are dead. 
about how many businesses or farms are harmed every year by the estate tax. Well, how many of those same farms and businesses are harmed by the hardearned money that they are forced to turn over to the government every year? Why aren’t we saying: Give less of your hardearned income to the government every year? 
approach continues to oppress small businesses with higher and higher taxes, oppress the middle class with higher and higher taxes, while they are only concerned with delivering a tax break to dead rich people. I simply disagree that this is an efficient way to use our Tax Code to spur economic growth. 
I am enthusiastic about having a discussion about our Tax Code: how to cut taxes for business, reduce the burden on small businesses, simplify and streamline the Tax Code by reducing tax expenditures, and bringing down tax rates to ensure that the capital expenditures by businesses and reinvesting in businesses are determined by businessowners rather than by lobbyists here in Washington. 
These bills are a step in the wrong direction, away from tax reform, and are detrimental to the American middle class and to American small businesses. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume because I have three quick points in response before I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee. 
is important to remember whose money it is in the first place. This money has already been taxed, and it is being taken. Some small businesses, like the gentleman’s from Colorado, grow to be big businesses, and we are for that in America, and that is great. But just because somebody has the misfortune to die doesn’t mean the government should take up to 40 percent of their assets. 
this bill was bipartisan, and I hope that we can get it back to a bipartisan bill because the input from small businesses and credit unions and community banks is something that both sides of the aisle agree on. The disagreement is on the payfor. 
Colorado and his side of the aisle, when they were in charge, when they passed the DoddFrank bill, did not subject 
the CFPB to the appropriations process. Therefore, anytime we make any change that requires money, it requires an offset. 
in 2020, it reduces the cap of the amount that the CFPB can take from the Federal Reserve as an exact offset. It was done by the CBO, was what the chairman of the Financial Services Committee said to us, and they did it as an exact offset for exactly the $700,000 a year it allegedly, according to the CBO, will take to run these three advisory committees. It doesn’t apply any cap until the year 2020. It does apply a cap exactly offset by the amount that it will have cost to run these committees for the budget window, and that starts in the year 2020. 
didn’t find a bipartisan offset. I know that the chairman of our Financial Services Committee did say in the Rules Committee that he talked to the minority whip’s office when he did the offset. Obviously folks on the other side of the aisle are upset about that. I am really sorry about it because I do want to acknowledge that it started as a bipartisan bill that passed our Financial Services Committee, which I happen to sit on, on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis. In fact, I believe it was unanimous. 
from Colorado is, on comprehensive tax reform, we completely agree. America needs comprehensive tax reform, and nothing in these underlying bills would preclude us from doing comprehensive tax reform. 
But it is important that the American people know that we want to end the death tax. They know that we want to create a situation where there are permanent deductions that are the same for income tax States and sales tax States, and they will be treated fairly. Both those bills are about fairness. And of course the CFPB advisory committee bill is about input and making sure there is a real dialogue with small business before the CFPB creates regulation. 
thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding me this time. 
of the combined rule, bringing all three of these very important bills to the floor today. However, I rise to speak primarily about H.R. 622, the State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act, which is so vitally important to the people of my home State of Tennessee. 
day, the day on which individual income tax returns are due to the Federal Government. But actually, Mr. Speaker, for most Americans, every day is tax day, counting sales taxes, gas taxes, property taxes, all of the taxes that people pay directly, and then all of the hidden indirect taxes we 
pay on everything in the cost of goods, taxes that are passed on to the consumer in the form of higher prices because, to stay in businesses, businesses have to pass their taxes on to the consumer in the form of higher prices. 
Speaker. Most taxpayers will pay more in taxes of all types this year than on food, clothing, and housing combined. Per person, the Federal Government collected a near record amount in revenues over the past 12 months: $3.3 trillion just to the Federal Government, and another $1.5 trillion, or perhaps even more, to State and local governments. 
Despite what some people say, Washington does not have a revenue problem; it has a spending problem—and higher taxes won’t solve it. Tennessee is a prime example of that. It is an example for the Nation, leading the way, because it is a lowtax State. 
The State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act is especially important to my State because it will help Tennessee families make ends meet by keeping more money in the pockets of hardworking individuals. This deduction is a matter of fairness for Tennesseans to ensure that they are treated the same way the Federal Government treats those in States with State income taxes. 
The State and local sales tax deduction allows residents in States with no State income tax, such as Tennessee, to deduct their State and local sales tax payments from their Federal income tax. This puts Tennessee on equal footing with taxpayers in other States who can deduct their State income taxes from their Federal tax obligation. 
Speaker. As the gentleman from Ohio just said, Tennesseans shouldn’t pay a larger share of taxes than other taxpayers simply because we pay sales tax and we rely on sales tax instead of income tax. Making this deduction permanent will provide certainty to Tennesseans who itemize their taxes and allow them to plan their family budgets. 
Speaker, are moving from the hightax States to the lowtax States. Tennessee benefits from this. Jobs are being created. Our State’s economy is one of the strongest in the Nation because we keep our taxes low. This is an example the Nation should follow and certainly not one that the Nation should penalize in any way. 
I urge support for this legislation. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, before further yielding, I yield myself such time as I may consume to address some of the points of my colleague, the gentleman from Ohio. 
if you ask any smallbusinessperson, any person whom we are talking about here—people that are worth over $10 million—and you say, ‘‘Look, would you rather pay higher taxes while you 
are alive or after you are dead?’’ I would bet almost everybody would rather hold on to more of their money. Whose money is it? Let them keep more of their own while they are alive and pay it after they are dead. I certainly would. I would much rather pay the government after I am dead than while I am alive, if we have to pay them at all. 
come up with this payfor? Well, look, this body, at its very best, just came together around a package over $100 billion for SGR. 
This is $9 million. It is not that hard 
to pay for $9 million for the U.S. Government. We probably spent $9 million of U.S. Government time just having this debate right here, keeping the lights on and C–SPAN flowing and the Chamber going. For goodness’ sake, $9 million—it is easy. 
an open rule, Mr. Speaker, plenty of Members could have offered $9 million payfors. Take it out of almost any account; it is such a relatively small amount of money. You could take it from almost any government agency you want, and I am sure you can find $9 million to agree on to fund this rather than a backdoor attempt to gut the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
said nothing in here precludes tax reform. Of course he is right; nothing precludes tax reform. We are just moving further and further away from tax reform by making permanent special interest tax cuts that we all agree are part of the discussion for tax reform to eliminate in order to bring down taxes. So it is moving further and further away. It doesn’t preclude it. It makes it harder. 
Pay Day. If we defeat the previous question, we will offer an amendment to the rule that would allow the House to consider H.R. 1619, the Paycheck Fairness Act, introduced by Representative DELAURO , which I am proud to 
I yield 31⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ) to discuss our proposal. 
to defeat the previous question so that the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) can offer an amendment for the 
Equal Pay Day. What is Equal Pay Day? That means that it took 104 days for the average woman’s earnings to catch up with what the average man made last year—104 days. That is exactly 104 days too long. 
Pay Act became law, and a woman still makes only 78 cents, on average, for every dollar earned by a man. 
That is almost $10,000 a year or almost half a million dollars over the course of the average career. The gap has barely changed in over a decade. Even in nursing, a profession that is more than 90 percent female, a study last month showed that men earned $5,100 more per year on average than women, when you control for education, experience, and other factors. 
gender pay gap. That is why, 3 weeks ago, I reintroduced the Paycheck Fairness Act. My bill would finish the job started by the Equal Pay Act. It would end pay secrecy across the board. 
that pay disparities are not based on gender. Passing the bill would give real teeth to a very simple principle: men and women in the same job deserve the same pay. 
bipartisan support. It has passed the House twice already and came just two votes shy of passing in the Senate. President Obama has called on us to pass it. 
people know the importance of paycheck fairness. In October, a Gallup poll asked Americans to identify the top issue facing women in the workplace. Equal pay was, by far, the most common response among men as well as women. 
All across the country today, working families are in trouble. Wages are stagnant. The single biggest issue that we face today in our economy is that men and women are in jobs that do not pay them enough money to live on. 
feed their children and to heat their homes. It is time that we look at equal pay because equal pay is a crucial part of the solution to this problem. 
Twothirds of us are breadwinners for our families. Lower pay for women means less gas in the car; less food on the table; less money in the college fund; and, yes, less spending to support our economy. 
President Obama and the Department of Labor have shown the way by taking action to protect women who work for Federal contractors. It is high time that we in the Congress acted to extend real, enforceable pay equity protection for all women. 
thing to do; it is the smart thing to do, and it is the popular thing to do. It is time to make it a reality for all Americans. 
For those of us who are in the Congress, we all come to this institution from different parts of the country. We come from different skill sets, different educational backgrounds, and different philosophies, yet we are in the same job, and men and women in this institution get paid the same amount of money. That ought to be extended to 
That is why we should defeat the previous question here so that we can introduce the paycheck fairness bill. I 
yielding to the gentleman from Texas, I don’t think we are going to solve necessarily the philosophical disagreement we have on the death tax because, clearly, we think death is bad enough, it shouldn’t be a taxable event; and the gentleman from Colorado thinks it is a preferable tax. 
the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Speaker, whether he thinks that having a temporary deduction for sales tax States like Texas—the gentleman from Texas is about to speak—is fair when we have a permanent deduction for income taxes for States like Ohio. 
Mr. STIVERS. I yield to the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. As we talked about yesterday in the committee, it seems like the answer that would move us toward tax reform would mean making the deduction of income tax temporary rather than make them both permanent, moving us away from reform. 
which we choose. We need to equalize the treatment, and neither one takes us further away from tax reform because, in tax reform, we are going to have the entire debate. 
move to a system that is fair, and I don’t think it is fair today to States like Texas that we are not going to let you know whether you can deduct your sales tax until December 19. It just does not make sense. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ). 
appreciate the gentleman from Ohio yielding. I rise in support of the rule and the underlying legislation. 
from Ohio makes a great point. It is not right to have some States given preference versus other States when their States have different methods of taxation. 
I want to focus my remarks primarily on the death tax. I want to first commend the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), who is the sponsor of the 
I have had a bill to deal with the 
death tax and supported doing away with it completely since I have been in Congress. I want to express appreciation for the 79 Members who have cosponsored my bill in this Congress, which is substantially similar to the bill we will vote on tomorrow. 
so important is because the death tax has a huge effect on farmers, ranchers, and small businesses of all kinds, including those in my district. It is one of the issues I have heard the most about. It hangs like a cloud over business 
growth and job creation. Now, what we often hear is: Well, the thresholds are so high that it really doesn’t affect anybody but the very rich. 
I just want to make two points. Number one is we see continual efforts to increase taxes on estates. Even the President’s budget request this year had a different method of increasing taxes. It makes it very difficult for any farmer, rancher, or small businessowner to plan because you never know what the government is going to do next. 
levy a tax on what someone tries to leave to their children after they have already paid taxes on it when they earn it and then have the government come and want them to pay taxes on it again. 
It is wrong for an estate of $100, and 
it is just as wrong for an estate of $100 million. We pay taxes when we earn it the first time. We should not have the government come in after death when we are trying to leave it to our heirs, our children, and then take another bite out of it. 
and small businesses who have had to sell just in order to pay the tax. If there is one thing we want people to do in this country, it is to work hard, to save, and to leave something for our kids so that they can have a better life. 
that. That is why it is so fundamentally wrong, regardless of whether you are leaving a farm, a ranch, a small business, or a lifetime of savings. 
It is time to get rid of it completely 
so it does not hang over us in this country. I support the rule and the underlying legislation. I hope my colleagues will as well. 
to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
the gentleman from Colorado for his very lucid explanation of where we are today. 
will join me in eliminating sequester. We can put that on the floor today that would in actuality provide more funding for education, for military pay, and for the infrastructure. We need to be doing serious work here. 
Let me join my colleague, Congresswoman DELAURO , in opposing the rule 
and the previous question in order to be able to assure that we pass pay equity. Today, in 2015, whether we have the death tax or the sales tax, we have women who are making 75 cents on a dollar and cannot make ends meet. We are having women who are not in the body of this august House and Senate working every day and getting 75 cents on the dollar. It is time for pay equity now. 
able to support the working women of America who over almost a century ago—not yet—were fighting for the 
to vote, but we are still in an unequal economic circumstance. I want my colleagues to be as energetic about providing for pay equity. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me say something that is sort of bifurcated. I will say to you that, on the death tax, there is an equity in that. There is an equity in that because the ability to build that estate has been through the gracious laws and hard work of the people, a combination that you are in the capitalistic system that is here in America and, therefore, the death tax is simply the transfer tax that goes on the basis of all of this money that you have made to be able to help run this government. 
I don’t really think that that is offensive at all because there are many tax breaks that have come to the individuals with these huge estates through their lifetime: capital gains tax; many different taxes that they have; R&D taxes, research tax that gives them a benefit. It is not like we are taking money. It is an investment in America. 
Let me also add that I do come from 
Texas, and I do think equalizing of taxes is very important. I really do. What I would like to say to my friends is let us have a comprehensive tax reform. Let’s get rid of sequester. Let’s pass pay equity. Let’s address the tax problems of people who make $50,000 a year, and that does impact those who pay sales tax. That is a reasonable approach. 
of life, if you will, and make sure that, when we leave this floor tomorrow, we have addressed the concerns of all. Let us look closely at the death tax and the fact that they are not being punished; it is a transfer based upon the bounty of wealth that has been gained over the years and invested because of a capitalistic system that allows that wealth to grow. 
were most notorious, positively, for giving money back because they realized that they had gained money through the system here in the United States, their hard work—I am not denying that—but, in the overall system that we have, allowed their money to grow. 
we can do well together in doing a comprehensive system. I certainly will not ignore the fact that the equalizing of taxes through the sales tax deduction is an important step, but I would like to take many steps. 
in relieving the sequester but also not voting for the previous question so that pay equity can come to the floor. Vote for the women. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), our whip. 
the gentleman from Ohio for yielding. I rise in strong support of the rule and especially in strong support of the underlying legislation to repeal the death tax in the United States of America. 
death tax is, this is an attack on familyowned businesses. You are talking about people who have built up, as part of the American Dream, built up businesses that are creating jobs across this country. 
all along the way as they were building up that business. The business has already been taxed multiple times in some cases by the Federal Government; yet because of the death tax, when the businessowner dies, the first thing the Federal Government does is Uncle Sam shows up not to issue condolences to the grieving family, but to send them a massive tax bill that, in many cases, Mr. Speaker—in many cases—threatens the very existence of that business. 
businessowners all across the country and familyowned businesses is that, in many cases, when their loved ones die, while they are trying to figure out how to grieve and how to take care of the family from there, in many cases, they have to spend those first few weeks figuring out how or even if they can keep the familyowned business. 
to sell their familyowned business that they wanted to pass on to the next generation just to pay the death tax. 
that the Federal Government taxes people on their death after they have already paid taxes building up their businesses, wanting to pass on the American Dream. 
just to own a home or to create good jobs for people, but to be able to pass that on to your kids so that they can experience and live that same dream as well and continue to grow and create jobs. 
of this death tax is that many businessowners spend so much of their time and their resources trying to figure out how to shield their business from the death tax. 
They are paying a lot of accountants and attorneys to figure out how to avoid the death tax so they can pass it on to their kids. That is money—millions and billions of dollars—that they could be spending growing their business, growing jobs, and creating more opportunities for other people not only to have that first job, but to then go out and create their own small business. 
successful, Mr. Speaker, and they grow that business big enough and they have kids they want to pass it on to, eventually, they are going to die, and the one 
constant they know is that their kids will have to face that same decision of whether or not to sell the family business just to pay the Federal Government over their death. 
repeal this death tax and preserve the American Dream for those family owned businesses all across this country. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
why the Republicans, of all the parties, support H.R. 622, which incentivizes States and Governors to increase their taxes. This is a State and local tax extender. It is a step away from tax reform. It adds billions to our deficit. 
that this bill and its sister policy deducting State and local income tax simply subsidizes hightax States? That is what this does. 
taxes as much as you want, Ohio Governor. Raise taxes as much as you want, Colorado Governor. Don’t worry, the Federal Government will bail you out. We are going to have a Federal bailout for your own high taxes. 
cannot dispute that. They are saying, Oh, it treats it the same. Oh, well, let’s give this same bailout to Texas that we give to Ohio. Okay, let’s bail out Texas for their high taxes and Ohio for their high taxes—brilliant, brilliant. 
It seems like it is at odds with everything the Republican Party pretends to stand for while, here in this body, they are actually advocating to bail out States with high taxes. 
For me, in some ways, that is actually the most troubling bill we are considering under this rule not because it is the worst policy of the three—that great distinction is owned by directing an enormous tax break to dead people rather than living people—but because the underlying policy of deducting State and local taxes can be defensible. 
interest in comprehensive tax reform. It moves us further away from tax reform by enshrining one of the tax loopholes that incentivizes States to raise taxes permanently in the Tax Code rather than including it as part of a package that brings down tax rates for American businesses and American individuals. 
Here on tax day, why aren’t we debating tax reform and reducing our tax rates? I am sure to say that there has been someone here on the House floor saying those exact words since 1986, the last time this body took on tax reform, but instead, the House Ways and Means Committee has given us these ‘‘extender’’ bills that all the ones passed this year have moved us $317 billion away from tax reform, away from cutting rates for American families and businesses. 
Code represents an additional billion dollar hurdle to ever getting a bipartisan tax reform deal done. 
will be hard. No one agrees on what the final product should look like, even though the President and Chairman RYAN and others have indicated their 
support for the concept, but it should be and needs to be the goal of this Congress. 
bring down tax rates. We can streamline the code. We can make sure that businesses invest wherever their productivity is most enhanced rather than optimize their expenditures to fit the Tax Code that lobbyists have inserted here in Washington, D.C. We can champion small businesses and middle class taxpayers rather than dead rich people and States with high sales taxes. 
policy move the baseline further and further away and make tax reform harder and harder to ever get done. Again, it is not adding any certainty to taxpayers. 
folks who understand how these numbers add up at the end of the day, they know they can’t take tax extenders that cost tens of billions of dollars completely ‘‘off the table.’’ You can’t shield that money and still lower rates in the way that they are promising. The numbers just don’t work. 
table,’’ why are we even calling this permanent? We are just further confusing people and injecting uncertainty. Republicans are telling Governors: go ahead and raise your sales taxes; we will bail you out. 
is not off the table that some day we might cut that for tax reform, but they are moving further and further away 
simply a step away from tax reform and a step towards encouraging Governors to raise their sales tax by letting them know that the Federal Government is here to bail them out. 
pay for it, make it harder to get to tax reform, send a message to Republican States like Texas that it is okay to raise your sales tax, but my hope is, hopefully, this is our last one. 
Maybe we can begin a serious discussion that Chairman Camp started with his outline on tax reform that Chairman RYANhas paid lip service to, and 
I hope that we will work on a bipartisan proposal that we can begin without haste. 
of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act. Again, Republicans took a bipartisan bill to add a small business advisory board to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. It came back costing $9 million—not billion, not trillion—$9 million. 
both sides to come up with a way of paying for it, rather than cutting some 
bloated line of Federal bureaucracy that both sides could have agreed on to pay for $9 million, they are handcuffing the entire agency with effectively a policy rider payfor that effectively restricts the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in its entirety rather than extending their arm to come up with a bipartisan payfor. It should be easy to find a bipartisan payfor for $9 million. 
These concepts represent a stark difference between our parties: Democrats wanting to cut taxes for middle class and businesses, Republicans wanting to cut taxes for rich dead people and incentivize States to raise their sales tax. 
a tax bill that only serves the needs of a few thousand Americans rather than cutting taxes for the middle class. It allows the consideration of a bill that moves us further away from tax reform by bailing out States like Texas. After a selfexecuting amendment, this rule would drastically cut the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
of comprehensive tax reform. We should be talking about how we can make the Tax Code work better for the middle class and small businesses and bring down rates. We should streamline our Tax Code and make our businesses more competitive. 
question, I will offer an amendment to the rule that will allow the House to consider H.R. 16, the Paycheck Fairness Act. 
the world, it is unacceptable that women are paid significantly less than men for filling the exact same role. It is long past time that Congress acted to close the wage gap. This bill would do exactly that. 
I join Representative DELAURO in advocating we finally enable women, support America’s children and families, and end the crippling drag created by the gender pay gap on our Nation’s economic prosperity. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule and 
the underlying bills. Instead of talking about providing a tax cut for dead Americans, we talk about providing a tax cut for living Americans. Instead of bailing out States and encouraging them to raise their taxes even more, we give them an incentive to reduce their taxes and, at the same time, reduce the Federal tax rate. Yes, we can—si, se puede. Si, se 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
While I certainly agree with the gentleman from Colorado about the incentive in the deductibility of sales tax, it is really important that we put sales tax States and income tax States on a level playing field. 
President did not enact these tax extenders until December 19, it is important to create a permanent system that creates certainty that does not prevent anything from being considered in comprehensive tax reform. In fact, our side of the aisle has proposed comprehensive tax reform last year and continues to work to enact comprehensive tax reform that simplifies the Tax Code and lowers the rates. 
On the death tax, we just have a fundamental disagreement. We think that repealing the death tax is fair. Small businesses and family farms should not be forced to be sold to pay the tax collector. 
getting input from small businesses, credit unions, and small banks will ensure that financial regulations passed by the CFPB are thoughtful and understand what the impact will be on the overall economy. 
become comprehensive. The payfor is a simple offset that ensures that the CFPB doesn’t spend more money than it costs to operate the CFPB, minus the small $700,000 a year cost for these three advisory councils. 
It is too bad that that became partisan, but I understand from the Financial Services Committee that that effort was worked with the minority whip, and it is too bad that it became partisan. 
are clear. Republicans are for fairness in the Tax Code and ensuring we give input from our small businesses and Main Street before big Washington regulators crush small businesses with oppressive regulation. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 200 O FFERED BY 
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal 
to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. STIVERS. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1058. Today, this day, April 15, is the due 
date for Americans to file their tax returns. On this day, it is important for the House to consider a taxpayer bill of rights. 
Internal Revenue Service employees are familiar with the rights guaranteed to taxpayers under the Internal Revenue Code. These include the right to 
be informed, the right to be heard, the right to privacy, the right to appeal, 
and the right to a fair and just system. 
to protect taxpayers’ rights. In addition to passing this act, Congress must ensure that the agency has the resources it needs to properly serve American taxpayers. This year, American taxpayers finally felt the shock of the billiondollar cuts to the agency’s budget. Taxpayers seeking assistance waited in lines for hours. Few could reach a live person when they called the help hotlines, and according to press reports—to written reports, television, newspapers, and magazines—in New York, the Internal Revenue Service office even ran out of paper to print extra tax forms after taxpayers waited in long lines for hours. That is not right. That is not fair. That is not just. 
takes an important step in the right direction. It is timely and it is just. I hope that we can come together to make sure that our constituents are receiving the services and the protections they deserve. 
Illinois and my Republican colleague— the chairman—and others for bringing this bill to the floor today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM). 
Mr. Speaker, I want to associate myself with the remarks of the ranking member, which are that the American public has an expectation that they are going to be treated with respect and with dignity. With that, I urge the passage of H.R. 1058. 
I support H.R. 1058, the Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act of 2015. On this tax day, we must do more for our taxpayers. I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 1058. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1152) to prohibit officers and employees of the Internal Revenue Service from using personal email accounts to conduct official business, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘IRS Email 
No officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service may use a personal email account to conduct any official business of the Government. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1152, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Ways and Means Committee, for bringing this issue to the floor. I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia, who is the ranking member of the subcommittee, for partnering, along with other members of the minority on the Ways and Means Committee, on this. 
seeing an abuse that was made and rectifying it, and that is why these laws are here. 
this particular bill does, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MARCHANT ). 
Chairman, and thank you for your leadership in helping advance the IRS Email Transparency Act. 
responsibility in Congress to protect American taxpayers. That is what our constituents sent us here to do. I believe we have the opportunity to do that today. By moving forward this bill, we put safeguards in place for taxpayers, and we bring greater transparency and accountability to the IRS. 
bill that will prohibit the IRS’ officers and employees from using personal email accounts for official IRS business—a very commonsense thing. 
This bill came as a result of the Ways 
and Means Committee’s investigation into the IRS’ targeting of taxpayers based on their political beliefs. Many of those wrongly targeted were in my district in Texas. The underlying issue of H.R. 1152 is about finding ways to fix the problem and ensuring that such abuses never happen again. This is something that will impact all Americans. 
One of the abuses the committee discovered in our investigation was that some IRS employees used their personal, nonsecure email accounts to conduct official IRS business. In doing so, they also disclosed confidential taxpayer information. 
the center of the agency’s targeting scandal, routinely conducted official business involving taxpayer information on her personal email account. If that is not bad enough, nothing on her personal email is subject to official recordkeeping, which conveniently keeps taxpayer information outside the orbit of proper security. 
breaches the trust between the American people and their government. This is wrong in principle and has failed in 
only says that sensitive but unclassified data can’t be emailed outside the IRS network, but it says nothing about an outright prohibition. In other words, it is bad practice, but it is not prohibited. It clearly didn’t stop Lois Lerner from betraying the confidence of the American taxpayer. 
IRS employees to share confidential tax information on their personal email account. As I said at the outset, Congress has a responsibility to protect taxpayers. Just avoiding a repeat of past failures cannot be our ambition. 
in place, shine the light of transparency on the IRS, and provide greater accountability to the American people. The IRS Email Transparency Act does just that. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
prohibited employees from using personal email accounts for governmental or official purposes. This bill simply makes this commonsense rule a Federal law. 
H.R. 1152 responds to the investigation into the processing of taxexempt applications. This investigation started nearly 2 years ago, in May 2013. To date, the agency has spent more than $20 million to produce more than 1.3 million pages of documents, including 78,000 emails from Ms. Lois Lerner. 
been one shred of evidence produced to support the Republican claim that the processing of applications was politically motivated or intended to target the President’s political enemies. The inspector general even stated that no one outside of the agency was involved in setting the standards for processing taxexempt applications. The delays experienced by groups were the result of incompetence at the agency in the Exempt Organizations Division. 
Texas (Mr. MARCHANT ) and my Republican colleagues for bringing this bill to the floor today. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ), the chairman of the subcommittee. 
One of the questions I get at home a 
lot is: How did the Lois Lerner scandal happen? How did it come to pass that that happened, and how do you make sure that it doesn’t happen again? 
Mr. MARCHANT ’s bill doesn’t deal necessarily with Lois Lerner 1.0, but it deals with Lois Lerner 2.0. So it is a prohibition against this very cavalier attitude that we have seen coming from the Internal Revenue Service, and 
information. It hasn’t just been leaked through emails. It has been leaked in other sources and in other ways and shapes and iterations, but the effect is the same, and the effect is devastating. 
that somebody can use their own private email account and begin to do official activity. If that is the bright line that is necessary, that is the bright line that Mr. MARCHANT ’s bill creates. 
that we do more than simply say Lois doesn’t work here anymore, as if that is the remedy, but to actually change these underlying policies, reclaim this authority, and make sure that this can never happen again. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MARCH ANT) for the purpose of closing. 
is the day that we should declare that the IRS cannot take our personal tax information and put it on their private email account so that it could be subject to discovery by other people and people who will not observe and revere that information. 
I urge passage today of H.R. 1152. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
DENHAM ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1152, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1026) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit the release of information regarding the status of certain investigations, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION .—In the case of a person who provides 
to the Secretary information indicating a violation of section 7213, 7213A, or 7214 with respect 
to any return or return information of such person, the Secretary may disclose to such person (or such person’s designee)— 
person’s provision of such information has been initiated and whether it is open or closed, 
respect to such individual (including whether a referral has been made for prosecution of such individual).’’. 
by this section shall apply to disclosures made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1026, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
time, I would like to thank Mr. KELLY , 
a member of the Ways and Means Committee, along with the minority ranking member for their diligence in uncovering this problem also. You are seeing a theme here, Mr. Speaker, which is both the Republican and Democratic side of the Ways and Means Committee in conducting oversight saw abuses that needed to be fixed. We are fixing these abuses so that they can’t happen again, in this statute. 
particular legislation, I would like to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), the author of the bill. 
described, this actually had come before Congress before. Dr. BOUSTANY and 
Now, this would make sense to almost everybody to understand what exactly has been going on. Under section 6103 in the Tax Code, it is a felony to disclose or to compromise people’s tax information and give it to other groups to work with. We shouldn’t have to pass laws like this; but unfortunately, laws are not made and governments are not run by angels but they are run by men, so we have to have oversight over what has happened. 
same rights to those people whose information has been violated, whose information has been compromised, as is given to IRS personnel. We found out 2 years ago, and Dr. John Eastman really 
made the point of it for the National Organization for Marriage, their tax information on their people, their members, was given out, and it went to Human Rights Campaign. Now, you would think by the name of that that it makes sense, Human Rights Campaign, those are probably good people, but you cannot divulge private tax information to anybody else. It is a felony to do that. But section 6103 also prevented those whose tax information was divulged, they couldn’t get information on it. They weren’t allowed to even inquire and were not allowed to be informed of what was taking place. Did it in fact take place? Well, we knew it took place because it was out in the public. 
it? We don’t know. We can’t talk to you about that because that is protected under the Tax Code. 
can’t tell you that either, because that is protected. We can’t tell you who it was who divulged it, who they divulged it to, is there an investigation or is there not an investigation. And at the end of it, was there proof found that this was actually done? If so, what is the penalty for it? Those are basic tenets of what we are as Americans. 
So I submit to people, this is not a 
Republican or Democrat issue, as we know it—Mr. LEWIS is a good friend of 
mine—it is American tenets. It is what we firmly believe as Americans. Nobody should be able to do that to us; and if they do that to us, we should be able to inquire about the status of that. This piece of legislation gives every single taxpayer the same rights as those doing the investigation, those doing the leaks and the findings. 
So if it really is an American principle and if we really do need to have faith and trust and feel that we are all being treated the same way and in an honest way, and if that is the only way to restore the confidence that the people need to have and the trust they have in our form of government and those of us who they have sent to represent them, then this type of legislation has to take place. 
on Ways and Means is doing today under Chairman RYAN and under Mr. 
protecting taxpayers and taxpayers’ rights. This is so fundamentally American. This shouldn’t be anything you even have to stop and think about. 
same knowledge of what is going on with their accounts, what has been divulged, who divulged it, is there an ongoing investigation, what were the findings of that investigation and who is being held responsible, and more important than that, who is being held accountable? These are felonies. Until 
we get to the point where the American people have faith and trust in us again and restore their confidence, we have nothing. 
have got to make sure that every single day we safeguard the rights of every single American. Unfortunately, this has not taken place in the past, and we have to move forward with it. 
I do know that today being April 15 is 
a day that most people dread. Listen, tax revenues are necessary. We need to have an agency to collect them. But by the same token, when it turns out that those people in that agency—and not all of them, but we have some people in there that are violating individuals’ rights, then we have to come forward and we have to champion legislation that protects the same people who voted us into office and sent us to defend them. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
passed H.R. 1058, the Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act. Two of the rights included in that bill were the right to confidentiality, the right to be informed. This bill complements that legislation. 
Generally, tax returns are confidential and may not be disclosed unless authorized by the Internal Revenue Code. Section 6103 of the Code provides certain exceptions. These do not include telling a taxpayer if there has been an unauthorized disclosure of his or her tax return information. Fines, criminal penalties, or both apply to the unauthorized inspection or disclosure of tax return information. 
Revenue Service to update a taxpayer on the status of investigations of unauthorized disclosure of his or her tax return. They would be allowed to know whether the investigation started, is open, or is closed. 
Taxpayers have a right to know if their tax return information has been compromised. 
I want to thank my friend, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, my Republican colleague; the ranking member of the subcommittee; and the chairman for bringing this bill to the floor today. 
may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on each side, please? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) has 171⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) has 18 
blood. Let me just try and describe in a simple way what Mr. KELLY is fixing 
here and what happened to honest, hardworking taxpayers in America in this case. 
nonprofit organization advocating freely in our free speech society for their view on a cause—I won’t even say what cause it is—advocating for their view, a charitable nonprofit. 
their confidential filing and list of their donors to their cause, and the Internal Revenue Service broke the law and leaked it to an outside individual not with the Internal Revenue Service. This list of donors to this cause went out on the Internet. It was released to the public by the opponents of this cause. 
who confidentially, privately donated— exercising their free speech rights to advocate for a cause—found themselves intimidated, found themselves harassed because their personal, private information had been released by the IRS to the public. 
Revenue Service: What just happened? How did this private document with the private information of our donors to our cause get out there on the Internet and hosted on the page by our opponents of our cause? 
defend the privacy of their donors—a free speech right—said: Well, are you investigating this? Are you looking into this? Are you holding somebody responsible? Is there an investigation into how this private information got out on the Internet? 
that is not liberty. That is not how this IRS will ever act again if we have any sayso over this. 
this bill, to make sure that people’s privacy is protected and that it is not leaked to the public or to the opponents of a cause that they care about. 
from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ), the chairman of the subcommittee. 
noticing a theme here, and that is intimidation and impunity. That is a bad combination when a culture of impunity develops and an agency says: We can do what we want, when we want, and how we want to; and we can intimidate who we want, how we want, and when we want to. 
IRS did: the IRS broke the law, and then they used the law to conceal it. They broke the law, and they used the 
law. That is a manipulation. That is a manipulation that no side of this Congress is going to stand for. 
answered. That is a manipulation that has to be put down, that we cannot be complicit with. You cannot break the law and then use the law to conceal it. That is exactly what happened in this case. 
information in violation of the law; and then, when they are asked about it, they say: Well, we would just love to tell you about it, but it is against the law for us to tell you about it. 
that now we have had a situation and we have had a culture that has developed over a period of time at the Internal Revenue Service where breaking the law and using the law to conceal it is considered what? It is considered normal. 
I am proud of the House today because the sensibilities of the House of Representatives is to say that is not normal, that is not acceptable, that is not right, and that will not be tolerated. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) for the purpose of closing. 
Speaker, I agree with everything my colleagues have said. I think Americans need to look at what is going on in their House—America’s House— today and to understand that we do understand the difference between right and wrong. We also understand that sometimes absolute power corrupts absolutely. 
this. We still don’t have all the answers. I would just tell some of our fellow citizens that we are not done yet because we knew those things have happened. 
I think what the chairman has expressed and Mr. ROSKAM has expressed 
is the outrage we feel because it is not only our responsibility, it is our duty to protect every single one of America’s citizens. To divulge the information that was divulged and to do it in such a way to use the law to break the law makes absolutely no sense to any of us. 
the aisle. This is about all of us, together, doing what is right for the American people. This should reconfirm to the American people that we are here acting in their best interest and defending them every single day that we sit in session and that we sit in office. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of taxexempt status of certain organizations, as amended. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Tax 
ADVERSE DETERMINATIONS OF TAX EXEMPT STATUS OF CERTAIN ORGANIZATIONS. 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end of the following: 
ADVERSE DETERMINATION OF TAXEXEMPT STATUS OF CERTAIN ORGANIZATIONS .— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1314, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ) for his work in 
crafting this legislation and for bringing it to the floor. This, too, is one of the important things that we needed to do to restore some trust and confidence and accountability at the Internal Revenue Service. 
For the purpose of describing the legislation, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ). 
for his recognition and support of this very, very—once again—thematically important bill. 
of what is commonsense legislation, H.R. 1314. What it does is gives taxexempt status applicants whose application is denied the right to appeal that decision. That seems fundamental, doesn’t it, in a country likes ours, where the Constitution built within it the concept of the right to petition your government for the decisions that they make. 
about the concept here of impunity. To me, this is a lot of what this speaks to. The idea that an administrative agency—in this case, the IRS—will take this application and then would make a decision—it was because of the good work that was done in the previous Congress by this committee and the Oversight Subcommittee of this committee, that they exposed the reality that, in many cases, these particular appeals, these particular decisions, were being made after the applicant was being targeted because of the fact that they had chosen to express particular political views in the context of their application. 
What was done was that those applications, once denied, were diverted to a different part of the structure in which they went to die. That made the IRS the judge; the jury; and, in fact, the executioner because you were done with respect to your application. There was no place else to go. 
came to light because of the work of this committee, the IRS did issue interim guidance in May 2014 that ensured that all groups subject to a denial would have the right to appeal the decision. 
that guidance into law so there is no ambiguity and that, once again, we 
don’t have the ability of the IRS to indiscriminately and sua sponte make their own decisions about when American taxpayers should have the right to be able to petition for an appeal of an adverse decision. 
RECORD a letter from the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council which supports the legislation. 
The group writes: ‘‘H.R. 1314 is an important bill as it allows taxpayers an additional right to petition their government when they disagree with a decision.’’ 
that we have to the impunity which has been taking place. 
Business and Entrepreneurship Council is pleased to support H.R. 1314, a bill that would allow for an appeals process for those organizations that are denied taxexempt status by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). 
H.R. 1314 is an important bill as it allows 
taxpayers an additional right to petition their government when they disagree with a decision by the IRS to deny taxexempt status. Given the clear and welldocumented bias by IRS staff that thwarted and delayed the approval of organizations based on their ideology, more accountability and protection for taxpayers is needed. H.R. 1314 provides that check. 
Thank you for your leadership on this important issue. 
as they have on our subcommittee and our committee with their unanimous support from both sides of the aisle, to support this commonsense taxpayer protection and to send an unmistakable signal to the American taxpayers that they should not be targeted by the IRS for their political views. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
administrative appeal to all organizations that apply for taxexempt status. It is a good, commonsense bill. I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1314, and I thank the chair of our full committee and the sponsor of this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I thank the 
basically putting the American taxpayers in a nice little cul de sac. They would come in; you would have a process, and they would review something and so forth and so on. 
through where you could get a disposition, rather than moving you through to where you could get an answer, rather than moving you through so you knew that there was somebody unbiased that was looking at something, they essentially moved you into a cul de sac and just kind of let you walk around the neighborhood for a while and not particularly caring about the 
bills that we are discussing today, many of them were authored and have been highlighted and brainstormed by Dr. CHARLES BOUSTANY , the former 
chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee. And now, on a bipartisan basis, folks have come together. 
So I want to congratulate Mr. MEEHANfor the procedure by which this has 
now been expedited and the expectation that people will be fairly considered and fairly reviewed and that they won’t be stuck in a culdesac with no way out. 
I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ) for the purpose of closing. 
the point has been made very articulately by all of the speakers who have talked about what really is a fundamental and simple issue, which is the right to appeal to your government. 
we began to look at what occurred with the IRS conduct in the context of the applications by the organizations which were denied based on their perceived political views or religious views, that the process for these particular applicants was changed; that it went to a different division, where, as my colleague from Illinois identified, it went to die in the culdesac. 
fairness, that every American taxpayer should have the right to be treated equally. That is all we are asking for here, fundamental, equal treatment, and the right, when you disagree with the decision by an IRS administrative official, to have somebody else question that decision. 
is basic American, and I am very proud that we have colleagues from both sides of the aisle who have joined together to petition to assure that that right is codified into law. That is what we accomplish today. 
I am grateful for the support of all of 
my colleagues and the leadership of the chairman of the subcommittee, who 
has been helping to bring to light these abuses. I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘IRS Bureaucracy Reduction and Judicial Review Act’’. 
chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
later than 60 days after receipt of such a notice, the Secretary shall send to the organization an acknowledgment of such receipt. 
In the case of any organization to which the 
amendments made by this section apply by reason of the preceding sentence, such organization 
by this section shall apply to pleadings filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1295, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
bringing this bill to the floor, bringing it through committee. 
may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for the 
So I urge the support of this bill, and 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
1295. I support the improvements the bill makes to the taxpayers’ exempt process for social welfare organizations. 
Under current law, social welfare organizations are not required to file for taxexempt status with the Internal Revenue Service, although many organizations do apply for greater certainty. From 2009 to 2012, the number of social welfare organizations applying for taxexempt status nearly doubled, from 1,800 to 3,400 requests. 
starts operating as a social welfare organization without applying for tax exemption, the agency does not have any information on the organization until it files its annual information return. This return, known as Form 990, may not be due until more than a year after the organization has already been operating. 
This bill, which I think is a good bill, 
is a commonsense bill, requires all social welfare organizations to file a notice of formation with the agency no later than 60 days after the organization is established. The intent is to provide the agency with certain key information. 
more. Currently, social welfare organizations are permitted to engage in political campaigns. However, an organization’s primary work cannot be engaging in political activities. 
required to be provided to the agency under this bill, and in the first annual information return, may not be sufficient. It is important that the agency can clearly identify all cases in which the organizations engage in an inappropriate amount of political activity. 
should require these organizations to indicate whether they engage or intend to engage in political activity. 
enough, I support the improvement it makes. I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 1295. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ), the chairman of the subcommittee. 
Chairman R YANfor yielding. Congressman H OLDING ’s idea is a 
know what the plot trap is? They only said ‘‘no’’ to eight of them. 
10,000 hours of a complete waste of time. That is 10,000 hours from an organization that is saying, Oh, we are just begging for mercy, and we are not able to meet these claims, and we are not able to make these calls. 
the Commissioner sent out to all the IRS employees at the beginning of this year. It is January 13, 2015. And you know how normally, around a dinner table, when people say, Hey, you know, it is getting really tough out there. We are going to have to do what? We are going to have do more with less. 
don’t we? We do more with less. That is who we are as a people. 
Service. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. They don’t disappoint. You know what the Internal Revenue Service says? 
We are going to do less with less. We 
has spent 10,000 hours of taxpayer time, completely squandering it. Stay tuned next week, and come to the Oversight Subcommittee, where you are not going to be disappointed when you learn more things about the IRS budget and some of the things that we are going to be discussing. 
HOLDING ’s concept says, this is a complete waste of time. Let’s clean this up. Let’s free up 10,000 hours so that we can do more with less and reject the IRS notion that the best that they can do is to do less with less. 
I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for the purpose of closing on 
to thank the distinguished gentleman from Georgia for the support of this bill. 
jumping over hurdles or a long, drawn out review process by the IRS. If you play by the rules, the IRS should not be a hindrance to your activities. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 709) to provide for the termination of employment of employees of the Internal Revenue Service who take certain official actions for political purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Prevent Targeting at the IRS Act’’. 
by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 709, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ) 
to describe the contents of his bill, and thank Mr. RENACCI for bringing this 
issue to our attention, for crafting this legislation, for moving it through committee on a bipartisan basis. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge approval of H.R. 709, the Prevent Targeting at the IRS Act. 
50 cosponsors and actually passed by voice vote in a previous Congress. I think the overwhelming support for this legislation shows that the vast majority of Members, regardless of their party affiliation, believe the IRS should be above politics. 
a list of fireable offenses at the IRS. In 1998, the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act passed by a vote of 402–8. It sought to bring accountability to the IRS by allowing for the immediate termination of IRS employees who engage in the socalled ‘‘10 deadly sins’’ against taxpayers. Many of the Members in Congress today supported those reforms back then. 
covers many offenses, it did not include political targeting. I have no doubt this was a simple oversight. 
imagine any Member would support a process for removing an employee for bad behavior but somehow not consider political targeting to be a bad enough behavior. It is absolutely unacceptable for a government official to consider the political leanings of any taxpayer when conducting official business. If a Federal employee engages in political targeting, that employee should be fired. It is that simple. 
specifically spells out that any IRS employee, regardless of political affiliation, who targets a taxpayer for political purposes will immediately be relieved of his or her duties. If you work for the IRS, you cannot target taxpayers for political purposes. There should be no controversy in that. 
of the procedures for removing an IRS agent. It just adds ‘‘political targeting’’ to the list of the 10 deadly sins already in existence. 
since we learned that the IRS targeted individuals based on their political beliefs, the American public’s lack of trust in this Federal agency remains— and rightly so. Political targeting contradicts the very principles this country was founded upon, and there is no room for it in our democracy. It will not be tolerated. 
entire Federal Government needs this legislation; and, most importantly, the American people need this legislation. They need to know that they will not be targeted by their government for political purposes. They need to know that those who are entrusted with the 
vast power of the Federal Government will act in a responsible and professional manner and will be reprimanded if they don’t. They need to know that the government is accountable to them and not the other way around. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
709. This legislation removes certain protections that are otherwise available to Federal employees if an employee conducts his or her official duties with the intent to extract personal gain or for a political purpose. 
into the processing of taxexempt applications. This investigation started nearly 2 years ago, in May of 2013. To date, the agency has spent more than $20 million to produce more than 1.3 million pages of documents, including 78,000 emails from Lois Lerner. 
been one shred of evidence produced to support the Republican claim that the processing of applications was politically motivated or intended to target the President’s political enemies. 
that no one outside the agency was involved in setting the criteria for processing taxexempt applications. The delays experienced by groups were the result of incompetence at the agency in the Exempt Organizations Division. 
sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 709. 
time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. HUELSKAMP ). 
thank the chairman, and I appreciate my colleague from Ohio bringing forth this important legislation. 
would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary.’’ James Madison wrote these words 227 years ago in his 51st Federalist Paper. It is an elegant way of expressing an ugly truth, that a government of the people cannot always be trusted to do right by the people and, thus, must hold itself in check for the 
Papers, it was with a fresh view of what the British Parliament did to exert government control over the lives of the colonists, leading to the famous Boston Tea Party and, ultimately, a revolution. 
The targeted discrimination and unfair treatment of conservative organizations with the words ‘‘Tea Party’’ and others in their names that took place at the IRS under the direction of Lois Lerner shows what happens when government no longer feels accountable to the people and when the Constitution becomes simply a list of suggestions. Agencies can then become a 
pass legislation to address these inexcusable actions. Every employee of the IRS, of this entire Federal Government, is ultimately a public servant. Once you stop serving the public and start serving political agendas, it is time for you to do something else. 
for political purposes to the list of the 10 things that can get you fired as an employee of the IRS. 
about that sentence: that our government is so bureaucratic that only 10 things might get you fired at the IRS, or that political discrimination wasn’t already one of those things. 
I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ), the chairman of the subcommittee. 
story. I want to take you back to 1996. A friend of mine in Illinois, my former law partner, Al Salvi, was running for the United States Senate. He loaned himself some money to his campaign. 
different agency than we are talking about, but stick with me. This is like a ’Seinfeld’ episode. It is all going to come together at the end. The Federal Election Commission said: You did that the wrong way. You violated Federal election law. They placed him under investigation. World War II headlines in the Chicago papers. He goes on, and he loses the election for the United States Senate. 
whether he would have won or whether he would have lost, but let’s face it, being under investigation by the Federal Election Commission generally does not help you win a political campaign. 
Federal Election Commission came and they made a very large settlement demand. I don’t remember off the top of my head how many hundreds of thousands of dollars they were demanding from him, but he said: I didn’t do anything wrong, and I am not going to pay you any money. 
said: That is fine. We are going to sue you—which they did. They filed a lawsuit against him in Federal court. A Federal judge reads the pleadings, dismisses the case—against the Federal Election Commission—and finds in favor of Al Salvi. 
ended there. Oh, no, no, no. The Federal Election Commission came back, and they said: Well, we know you won, but we are still going to make a settlement demand of you. We are going to 
lower the amount, but we are still going to make a demand because, if you don’t pay us, we are going to appeal the judge’s ruling. 
lawyer. He talked to the lawyer at the other end of the line and said to that person: Let me talk to the person who had authority on this case because you don’t understand. I won; you lost. I am not going to pay you any money. Let me talk to the person with authority on the case at the Federal Election Commission. 
Salvi and said this: If you pledge never to run for office again, we will drop this case. 
Al Salvi said: Put that in writing. The person said: We don’t put that in 
That person was Lois Lerner. Now, you take that disposition, you 
take that attitude, you take that long arm of a bureaucrat who reaches into the sanctity of the ballot booth, and you’ve got a real problem. And you up the wattage on that, you move her over and you give her the type of authority that not the Federal Election Commission has, but the Internal Revenue Service to grab somebody by the throat and to do whatever they want with them, with the possibility of imprisoning them, that is a problem. That is a problem that the gentleman from Ohio, Representative RENACCI , is trying 
We had a hearing in the last Congress. I hear a lot of testimony. We all hear a lot of testimony. But this testimony was inspirational to me because these were people that came in before our committee. 
been targeted. But you know what was the most incredible thing? They kept faith with their country when it didn’t look like their country had kept faith with them. They said: This isn’t America. My America doesn’t target me. My America doesn’t shun me out of the public square. 
most attention in my mind was the prolife group in Iowa who was asked by the Internal Revenue Service: Tell us about your organization; tell us about your activity. 
of the activities they said was: We have prayer meetings. 
penalty of perjury, tell us about your prayer meetings. 
The hair on the back of my neck is 
tingling at this moment as I am describing this to you because it is so scandalous. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Will the gentleman yield? 
specific question from the IRS to the prolife group from Iowa was: What do you pray about? 
that? You are a nice little group, minding your own business, in Iowa, with a point of view, and the Internal Revenue Service starts roughing you up? 
This targeting is insidious. This targeting is poisonous. This targeting is without a defender. There is nobody who is getting up on this floor today— no voice is saying, ‘‘Oh, yes. Let him do it. It is fine. It will all settle out.’’ Not the ranking member, he is not defending this. There was nobody. Not the chairman, he is not defending this. 
saying that we all have the right to come in and make our arguments and try to persuade the public to vote for us, and it should be never a bureaucrat who manipulates and uses power to an end and abuses somebody who, by good faith, is coming into this process. 
the cake with us because we recognized a persistent pattern of targeting and harassment by the Internal Revenue Service over groups, and the only thing that grouped these groups together, the only thing that was similar, was their political persuasion, their political beliefs. 
So the question that I get asked a lot 
from hardworking taxpayers in Wisconsin is: Did the IRS really target people based on their political beliefs? And the answer is: Absolutely yes, they did. 
pale; and that, with the passage of this bill, will be illegal. It will make it extremely clear, no ifs, ands, or buts. 
Mr. Speaker. There is still a long ways to go with the investigation that is still underway, but what we already know is that this targeting happened. People were targeted based on their political beliefs, and this law makes that a crime. 
may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ) for the purpose of 
to thank the chairman; I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois for his comments; and I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia, my colleague from the other side. 
Look, it is pretty simple. It is unacceptable for a government official to consider the political leanings of any taxpayer when conducting official business. If a federal employee engages in 
Members to support H.R. 709 to prevent targeting of the IRS, a commonsense piece of legislation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1104) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a deduction from the gift tax for gifts made to certain exempt organizations, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Treatment 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L EWIS) each 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1104, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM), the chairman of the Oversight 
Subcommittee and the author of this bill for the purpose of describing his bill. 
American Civil Liberties Union, Americans for Prosperity, the Human Rights Campaign, and the Tea Party Patriots all under one tent? Mr. Speaker, it is the Fair Treatment for All Gifts Act, H.R. 1104. 
these groups from a wide range of political perspectives have all come together. They have come together because the IRS has started sniffing around about the possibility of doing something that every one of those groups really finds jarring, and that is assessing a tax liability on gifts to nonprofit organizations. 
this would be pretty settled doctrine, that gifts to nonprofit organizations, those types of contributions, are not taxable events. Yet the Internal Revenue Service wrote a letter. It is this type of letter. It is the kind of letter that I described in an earlier bill. You get it, and it is very unsettling, Mr. Speaker. They just wrote some donor, and they said, Your gift tax return was assigned to me for examination. The IRS has received information that you donated cash to some organization, and it begins to lay out a theory as to why this should be a taxable event. 
taxable event. Mr. Speaker, this should not be ambiguous. And, Mr. Speaker, the Internal Revenue Service should not be wasting its precious time, which it seems to have so little of; shouldn’t be going after American donors to all kinds of groups—left, right, center, up, down, any which way—and giving them a hard time about the contributions that they are making. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
1104. On this day, it is wise for the House to consider a bill to increase certainty for taxpayers. This bill brings clarity to what has historically been uncertain tax treatment for contributions to social welfare organizations, agricultural associations, labor unions, and trade associations. With this bill, Mr. Speaker, amounts 
contributed to such organizations will not be subject to the gift tax. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 1104. 
the chairman, the chairs of the subcommittee, and all of the members of the committee for supporting this piece of legislation and the other pieces. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Speaker? So what has happened here is individuals were giving donations to taxexempt organizations, nonprofit organizations. As they should have, they did not expect to have to pay taxes on those donations. The Internal Revenue Service sent these letters to these donors, to these particular organizations, obviously stirring up a lot of confusion and threatening them with a big tax bill. 
This makes it really clear. These organizations are taxexempt organizations, and therefore you don’t owe gift taxes for a donation to these organizations. It is crystal clear. It is made even more clear in this bill because, Mr. Speaker, it is very important for the operation of our society that that space that occurs between ourselves and our government is full, is vibrant, and is alive. 
where we live our lives. The deeply woven fabric of civil society are all these various groups, nonprofit groups, all kinds of groups, advocating for something—advocating for the environment, advocating for the economy, advocating for the disabled, advocating for this cause, advocating for that cause, advocating for this person, and advocating for that person. It is how we lead our lives. It is how we integrate with one another. It is how we have a community. 
want to do is have the IRS parachute itself in and divide itself and make people think that they can’t participate in civil society. Civil society is so core to who we are as Americans and so core to our ability to live our freedoms and to help others. That is what is so important about this. 
So when people are hit with an intimidating letter from the Internal Revenue Service and are being told that by participating in civil society, by participating in civil dialogue, and by exercising their free speech rights they are going to get hit with this huge, massive tax bill that they didn’t expect, that is harassment. That is targeting. That is not going to happen once this bill passes. That is one other mistake that was made that is being rectified because of Mr. ROSKAM ’s diligence. 
wrong and on a bipartisan basis agreed with this solution. That is why I am just so pleased that we are bringing these bills to the floor. JOHN LEWIS, 
We are standing up for citizens, we are standing up for taxpayers, we are putting the taxpayer in charge of the IRS, not the other way around, and we are standing up for our free speech rights for our civil society. That is why on this tax day, April 15, we are bringing these bills to the floor and passing these bills on a bipartisan, unanimous basis because this is the signal we want to send to Americans on tax day that we are not going to take this anymore, and we are going to reassert our rights. 
balance of my time to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) for closing 
Mr. ROSKAM. Thank you, Chairman. Mr. Speaker, I want to make one 
other point to echo something Chairman RYANsaid as it relates to civil society, and it is an important thing to think about. 
here, and there is the individual here. The only thing that sort of comes in between as a buffer—there are a couple of things. One is family. I think that is a very important buffer. The other buffer is civil society. It is a restraining influence, the capability of individual, family, and civil society to push back. 
So we are on the floor today, and we 
has a reputation that is unbelievable, and it is an honor and a privilege to serve with him. Why? Because of the work that he did in the civil rights movement. It is an inspiration. 
have been like if a bureaucrat at the time had said, Well, I am just going to send one of these kind of letters to the donors of the NAACP or any of these organizations? Can you imagine what happens? 
this? What does it do? It has a chilling effect, doesn’t it? All of a sudden you have donors who say, I don’t know, I don’t know. This is going to be a taxable event. Well, maybe I am not going to give. Or I am going to end up on some list, I don’t know. Or I am going to find my name in the paper in this way, and I don’t want my name in the paper. Whatever it happens to be. But the impact and the damage, Mr. Speaker, is the same. It has a chilling effect, doesn’t it? 
backed off really fast on this once we asked about it. This wasn’t a situation where they doubled down, they said, Oh, no, no, no, the statute that you all passed absolutely gives us this authority. They backed off, and they said, No, we are not going to do that anymore. That tells you something too, doesn’t it? It tells you that the ground upon 
which they thought they were operating was pretty soft ground. 
this. Today, the nature of this debate, the intensity that you have heard from both sides of the aisle, the Members are reflecting not ourselves and just our world view, Mr. Speaker, but we are reflecting what we are hearing at home, and we are reflecting the desire of the American public who want to have confidence in these institutions. They want to know that the taxcollecting body of the United States that is the Internal Revenue Service is just going to collect the taxes and is not going to mess with them and is not going to put them through all kinds of paces and manipulate them and make their lives miserable and actually abuse power. That is all they want. Isn’t that a very real expectation? It is not asking too much. 
today—and it is my hope that the other body will pick up these bills and move forward on them, recognize the bipartisan nature of them and recognize the timeliness and the ripeness of them. These need to be fixed. These problems need to be fixed now. There is an urgency to them. But this is not a false claim that this work is completed. In fact, this is going to be a work in process, because it is our responsibility to get an Internal Revenue Service that moves away from the disposition and the attitude of impunity—which is saturated up until now—back to where it should be. I think we can do it. I am confident with the bipartisan support in this House we can reflect back and say April 15 of this year, this was a good day. 
yield the balance of my time back, it has been an honor and a pleasure to work with the chairman, the chairman of the subcommittee, and all of the Members on the other side. We did come together in a bipartisan fashion. 
In a real sense, we all live in the 
same house—the American house—and we must continue to look out for this house, not just this building, but the more than 300 million people in our country. That is the right thing to do. That is the fair thing to do. That is the just thing to do. 
I can’t top that, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1562) to prohibit the awarding of a contract or grant in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the contract or grant that the contractor or grantee has no seriously delinquent tax debts, and for other purposes. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
It is the policy of the United States Government that no Government contracts or grants should be awarded to individuals or companies with seriously delinquent Federal tax debts. 
agency that issues an invitation for bids or a request for proposals for a contract in an amount greater than the simplified acquisition threshold shall require each person that submits a bid or proposal to submit with the bid or proposal a form— 
evaluating any offer received in response to a solicitation issued by the agency for bids or proposals for a contract, shall consider a certification that the offeror has a seriously delinquent tax debt to be definitive proof that the offeror is not a responsible source as defined in section 113 of title 41, United States Code. 
than 270 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Federal Acquisition Regulation shall be revised to incorporate the requirements of this section. 
agency that offers a grant in excess of an amount equal to the simplified acquisition threshold shall require each person applying for a grant to submit with the grant application a form— 
STABILITY .—The head of any executive agency, in evaluating any application for a grant offered by the agency, shall consider a certification that the grant applicant has a seriously delinquent tax debt to be definitive proof that the applicant is highrisk and, if the applicant is awarded the grant, shall take appropriate measures under guidelines issued by the Office of Management and Budget for enhanced oversight of highrisk grantees. 
than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall revise such regulations as necessary to incorporate the requirements of this section. 
person with a seriously delinquent tax debt if such partnership has a partner who— 
person with a seriously delinquent tax debt if such corporation has an officer or a shareholder who— 
the Treasury under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and 
manner pursuant to an agreement under section 6159 or section 7122 of such Code; 
(iii) a debt with respect to which a continuous levy has been issued under section 6331 of such Code (or, in the case of an applicant for employment, a debt with respect to which the applicant agrees to be subject to such a levy); and 
(iv) a debt with respect to which such a 
This Act shall apply with respect to contracts and grants awarded on or after the date occurring 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C UMMINGS ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
have done this in a good bipartisan way. This is a good, strong bill. This bill has come under a previous Congress and done quite well. 
H.R. 1562 will increase tax compliance by Federal contractors and grant recipients and deny contracts or grants to those with seriously delinquent tax debt. I am pleased to, again, present this 
bill to the House with Representative JACKIE SPEIER , like we did in the past. 
I also appreciate the help of Representative JOHN CARTER in his cosponsorship. 
The bill has a long history of bipartisan support, including from thenSenator Obama and President Obama. While he cannot claim that he has commented specifically on this exact bill, this bill before us was something that was originally introduced by then Senator Obama years ago. 
Five years ago, President Obama directed his administration to crack down on tax cheats that are seeking government contracts. The President said: 
who meet their obligations each and every day. You do your jobs. You support your families. You pay the taxes you owe—because it’s a fundamental responsibility of citizenship. 
I’m calling on Congress to take are just basic common sense. They’re not going to eliminate all of the waste or abuse in government contracting in one fell swoop. Going forward, we’ll also have to do more to hold contractors more accountable not just for paying taxes, but for following other laws as well. 
this very similar piece of legislation by a vote of 407–0. Unfortunately, the Senate did not act. 
essentially the same bill today with some very minor changes. For example, the definition of ‘‘seriously delinquent tax debt’’ now exempts individuals determined by the IRS to be under economic hardship. 
this bill does. H.R. 1562 denies contracts or grants to those with seriously delinquent tax debt. The bill requires contractors and potential grant recipients to certify their tax status when submitting a proposal for a contract or a grant. 
grantee to have seriously delinquent tax debt, then they would be referred for suspension or debarment and would not be eligible for new awards. 
those that are trying to do the right thing so they should not be covered under the definition of ‘‘seriously delinquent tax debt.’’ 
paying their back taxes through debt installment plans or in the process of hearings with the IRS to finalize a determination of their debt or experiencing economic hardship as determined by the IRS, have exceptions. 
In 2007, thenSenator Obama introduced legislation to address this contractor accountability issue. 
contractors and those applying for grants don’t pay their taxes, they will not be eligible for lucrative Federal contracts or grants. 
At its core, this bill is about contractor and grant recipient accountability with taxpayer dollars. Whether we like it or not, the law requires we pay taxes. We expect the same from contractors and grant recipients. 
much money we are talking about, the Federal Government spends about $1 trillion annually on contracts and grants, $1 trillion on just contracts and grants. 
Federal Government spent $444 billion on contracts and $591 billion on grants. That is a lot of money and demands a lot of tax compliance. 
Over the years, the GAO—the Government Accountability Office—has identified thousands of Federal contractors with substantial amounts of unpaid taxes. 
by the GAO. Tens of thousands of recipients of Federal grant and direct assistance programs collectively owed more than $790 million in Federal taxes as of September 2006. 
Approximately 27,000 defense contractors owed about $3 billion; 33,000 civilian agency contractors owed roughly $3.3 billion, and 3,800 General Services Administration contractors owed about $1.4 billion in unpaid taxes. We are talking about roughly $7.7 billion in uncollected taxes. 
and grant recipients owed more than $750 million in known unpaid Federal taxes while receiving over $24 billion in Recovery Act funds. We have 3,700 contractors that already owe $750 million; and what do we do? We gave them $24 billion in additional contracts. 
paying payroll taxes or owed substantial property or other assets and still— still—didn’t pay their taxes. 
For example, under a VAHHS contract for healthcarerelated services, a contractor was paid more than $100,000 in Federal funds. The contractor also had an unpaid tax debt of more than $18 million. The owner was purchasing multimillion dollar properties and unrelated luxury vehicles while not fully paying its payroll taxes. It goes on and on. 
become a potential national security problem. In 2014, the GAO found 83,000 Department of Defense employees and contractors who held or were eligible for security clearances had unpaid Federal tax debt totaling more than $730 million. 
cheats; the vast majority do pay their taxes on time and in full. Those who fail to satisfy their tax debt have a cost advantage over those who do pay their taxes. 
You are competing for Federal contracts; you are competing for grants. Some pay taxes; some don’t. Who do you think is going to give the lowest price and potentially get the next grant or contract? The person who can undercut them because they don’t pay 
Further, many fulfill dangerous missions, invest in cuttingedge technology, and provide assistance for the poor and others in need. 
Unfortunately, despite our past efforts, we haven’t been able to get this bill over the finish line. I hope the House will again support this bill, as it did in the year 2013, and that the Senate will finally bring this bill up and pass it as they should. Hopefully, this Congress will be a bit different. 
introduced in the last two Congresses by Chairman CHAFFETZ and is very 
similar to legislation reported by the Oversight Committee and passed by the House in the 110th Congress. I supported this legislation each time it has been introduced, and I continue to support it today. 
The Government Accountability Office has reported that government contractors owed more than $5 billion in unpaid Federal taxes in 2004 and 2005. Unpaid taxes owed by contractors include payroll taxes—amounts required to be withheld from employee wages— as well as corporate income taxes. 
GAO has also found that some contractors with unpaid tax debts are repeat offenders that have failed to pay their taxes over many years, including one case for almost 20 years. 
This legislation will allow the Federal Government to make sure that contractors seeking to do business with the Federal Government have paid their taxes before they can receive a Federal contract. 
was revised in 2008 to require contractors to certify that they do not owe a delinquent tax debt to the Federal Government. This bill builds on that requirement by providing Federal agencies the means to verify contractors’ claims. 
responsible contractors no longer have to compete with tax delinquents. 
fully support the legislation. It is imperative that we ensure that all contractors that are doing business with the government have complied with their tax obligations. I believe this bill does just that. 
working with both sides of the aisle on many, many pieces of legislation. We 
don’t always agree, but I think the tone and tenor that is happening in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee is going in the right direction. 
That wouldn’t happen without the leadership of the ranking member, Mr. CUMMINGS , and I do appreciate it. 
We have voted for this bill unanimously in the past. It is a new Congress with new Members, but I would encourage this passage today. 
President and previously Senator Obama has urged that Congress act on this issue. It is imperative that we act on this issue today, hopeful, with passage, that we would get the Senate to act as well. We are talking about billions of dollars of taxpayer money. It is the fair and right thing to do. I urge the passage of this bill. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1563) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that individuals having seriously delinquent tax debts shall be ineligible for Federal employment, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Employee Tax Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
debt’ means a Federal tax liability that has been assessed by the Secretary of the Treasury under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and may be collected by the Secretary by 
levy or by a proceeding in court, except that 
manner pursuant to an agreement under section 6159 or section 7122 of such Code; 
of each agency shall take appropriate measures to ensure that each individual applying for employment with such agency shall be required to submit (as part of the application for employment) certification that such individual does not have any seriously delinquent tax debt. 
Management, in consultation with the Internal Revenue Service, shall, for purposes of carrying out this section with respect to the executive branch, promulgate any regulations which the Office considers necessary, except that such regulations shall provide for the following: 
a situation involving financial hardship, if the continued service of such employee is in the best interests of the United States, as determined on a casebycase basis. 
execute and submit a form authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to disclose to the head of the agency information limited to describing whether— 
Treasury disclose any information so authorized to be disclosed. 
the provisions of this subchapter for any purpose other than the administration of this subchapter; 
of such agency to examine or otherwise have access to any such information. 
the term ‘personnel action’ includes separation but does not include administrative leave or any other type of paid leave without duty or charge to leave. 
required under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, unless such failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect; or 
liability, unless such understatement is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 
for chapter 73 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
SUBCHAPTER VIII —INELIGIBILITY OF NON COMPLIANT TAXPAYERS FOR FEDERAL EM PLOYMENT  
‘‘7382. Ineligibility for employment. ‘‘7383. Review of public records. ‘‘7384. Confidentiality. ‘‘7385. Adverse actions for employees who 
this Act shall take effect 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C UMMINGS ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
got great Federal workers. They care; they are patriotic; they work hard, but we have got a few that are bad apples. We have got to give the tools necessary to the leadership within the administration to do what is right and, if necessary, allow them latitude to let those people go. 
before I got into Congress. We gave this right and authority. We gave it to the IRS. Guess what, the IRS has the best tax compliance in all Federal Government—who would have thought. 
I was pleased to see that Congressman STENY HOYER voted for that piece 
of legislation, that Congressman E LIJAH CUMMINGS voted for that legislation. 
that same right that we gave the IRS years ago because it worked—it worked—and we want to give that to the other departments and agencies. 
there are a lot of ways to get out of this, but the basic principle is true. One, Federal workers do a better job of paying their taxes than the general public, and we should pat them on the back, and we should recognize them for that; but, two, when you do have a few bad apples, you have got to allow leadership the ability to let those people go if they continue to thumb their nose at the system and the taxpayers. 
DEA: I can’t fire anybody, even though they were engaged in some very nefarious activity. 
EPA say: I can’t let anybody go, even though the person is watching 4 hours of porn a day. 
them. Let’s give them some latitude because we have a test case. It has worked. We want tax compliance. 
The President’s fiscal year 2016 budget asks American taxpayers to spend $275 billion to pay Federal workers an average salary of more than $78,000; yet the IRS reports that more than 100,000 Federal civilian employees owed more than $1 billion in unpaid Federal income taxes in 2014—more than $1 billion. 
can’t do that. There are people who need to have their wages garnished, and they are. There are people who are disputing what the IRS said. Again, this bill doesn’t affect those people. The adjudication process continues on, and this bill doesn’t affect those people. As a last resort, we need a tool that the IRS has for its employees. We need that tool for the other departments and agencies because, like it or not, the law requires that we pay taxes. 
Five years ago, President Obama directed his administration to crack down on tax cheats. It was specifically targeting and discussing contractors, but I would argue that the same principle for contractors should be in place for Federal employees. How can you look the contractors and the employees in the eyes and say, Well, we have got two totally different standards of principles? The principle is the same—pay your taxes, and there is not a problem. If you are in trouble and if you are trying to get out of it, not a problem. We will work with you. Yet, for those of you who are just screwing over the American taxpayer, byebye. You can’t even apply. 
who meet their obligations each and every day. You do your jobs. You support your families. You pay the taxes you owe—because it’s a fundamental responsibility of citizenship. 
The Federal Employee Tax Accountability Act makes individuals with seriously delinquent tax debt ineligible for Federal employment. It is defined as an outstanding Federal tax debt that has been assessed and may be collected by levy or court proceeding. The legislation does not affect employees who are working to settle their tax disputes or resolving outstanding liabilities. 
the committee and I, as the prime sponsor, accepted every Democrat amendment that was offered—100 percent. 
out in the bill, including provisions offered by the minority in the previous Congresses. 
process rights and have an additional 180 days to demonstrate their debts meet one of the exemptions of the bill. That was, I believe, offered by Congressman LYNCH . We accepted it. We 
thought we would get broader support because of it, and we would hope we would today. 
service is in the best interest of the United States. The person who is leading that department or agency still has discretion. If he says, It is in the best interest, in my judgment, for the United States to continue to have this person serve, he is allowed to continue to serve. The bill demonstrates a simple principle: individuals collecting Federal salaries funded by taxpayers have to follow the rules and pay their taxes. 
of our Federal resources and programs should not be delinquent in their taxes. As all Americans file their taxes today, so should Federal employees, and most of them do—in fact, at better rates than civilians do. 
committee, the GAO warned Congress of tens of thousands of Federal employees who were eligible for security clearances but who still had unpaid tax debts. I would argue that that is a potential security risk. It shows a vulnerability. 
During the hearing, Members discussed the IRS employees’ high rate of tax compliance. 
a 0.8 percent delinquency rate compared to 3.3 percent for civilian workers throughout the government. 
Mr. C UMMINGS , and a host of other people voted in favor of, requires the removal of IRS employees who are found to have willfully failed to have filed their tax returns and who have willfully understated their Federal tax liabilities. 
The House passed the conference report for this bill by a vote of 402–8. Overwhelming. I have never heard another Member complain that the IRS has this provision in place. Let’s even the playing field. Let’s give that same tool to the rest of the Federal Government. Don’t give it just to the IRS. Give it to the Department of Defense. Give it to the other departments and agencies because the financial results of that work. 
This bill makes Federal workers subject to the same standard as that for IRS employees. Not all Federal workers are tax cheats. This is not about politics. I appreciate the good work that has gone on in this bill. Unfortunately, despite past efforts, we have not been able to get this bill over the finish line. I hope the House will again support the bill, as it did in 2012, and that the Senate will act on this bill. 
1563, the Federal Employee Tax Accountability Act of 2015. 
tax compliance that simply does not exist—a fact confirmed by the Internal Revenue Service. This measure is based on ideology rather than on facts, and it will perpetuate a negative image of Federal workers. 
H.R. 249, introduced in the last Congress, which I opposed in committee and on this House floor. I remain opposed to this legislation because the purpose and intent of the bill is the same as the measure from last Congress. It would require Federal agencies to fire Federal employees who are delinquent in paying their taxes. 
Everyone, including Federal employees, should pay their taxes. There is no argument on that. My Republican colleagues seem to believe that there is a serious problem with Federal employees not paying their taxes and that it requires a legislative fix. There is not, and the chairman, I think, admitted that. 
Last Congress, after committee consideration, former committee chairman—Chairman ISSA—and I sought information from the IRS on their rules and procedures regarding debt collections, options for resolving delinquencies, and payment options. Without waiting for these answers, the Republican leadership rushed this bill to the floor. During this Congress, we were able to obtain valuable information from the IRS which the Republicans have chosen to ignore by bringing this legislation to the floor. 
The IRS has a mechanism in place already to recoup funds from Federal employees who fail to pay their taxes. It is known as the Federal Payment Levy Program. Under this program, the IRS can impose a continuous levy on Federal salaries and pensions up to 15 percent until the debt is paid. The IRS can initiate additional levies in cases when it determines that it is appropriate to do so. Data from the IRS shows that all Federal employees who owe taxes and who do not qualify for financial hardship exemptions or who are not involved in bankruptcy, litigation, or pending offers in compromise are subject to having their wages levied. That can happen today. 
the IRS has been extremely successful in recovering delinquent taxes from Federal employees. According to the IRS, the levy program has collected over $5 billion since 2000. These facts 
indicate that the IRS is succeeding in recovering delinquent taxes in 100 percent or in nearly all cases involving Federal employees. The fact is that the IRS has confirmed that it does not have a problem in collecting delinquent taxes from Federal employees. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I do not see a problem with the government’s ability to recover delinquent taxes from Federal employees. 
fact, we are debating this measure on the floor today. According to the IRS, the 2014 tax compliance rate for the Federal community was 97 percent. This is higher than the 95 percent tax compliance rate for Members and staffs of the House of Representatives. It is also much higher than the 91 percent compliance rate for the general public. 
This legislation is designed to demonize Federal employees rather than to help the government recoup delinquent taxes. It is interesting to note that we want to collect the taxes, but we will never get them if we fire people. In fact, the Congressional Budget 
would increase costs, by the way, to the taxpayers. Let me repeat. The CBO determined that these provisions would actually increase costs. That is because it would require agencies to spend time and resources in reviewing public records to find tax liens filed against current or prospective employees even though the gains would be minimal. Keep in mind that we already have a process to levy these funds that might be delinquent. 
my colleagues to join me in opposing this measure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ). 
Mr. MEADOWS. I thank the chairman for his leadership on this particular issue. 
to talk about what this bill is and what it is not. 
it becomes very easy to focus on those hardship cases, very easy to focus, as the gentleman opposite just talked about, on that 3 to 5 percent, depending on which agency you are talking about. This bill is really not about those with hardship cases, as there is already an exemption there. This bill is not about trying to penalize Federal workers. It is really about fairness, Mr. Speaker. 
Why is it fair that 97 percent in some 
agency—94 and 95 in others—pay their taxes on time, and yet we continue to give others a free pass? 
suggest, Oh, well, they are complying better than this group and that group; but we need to look no further than the IRS because the IRS implemented a different standard within their agency. Guess what happened, Mr. Speaker? Their compliance went way up. They have one of the best records, that we get to oversee, with the Federal employees. 
chairman was very careful to make sure that hardship cases—the ones that all of our hearts go out to when people have family situations that preclude them from being able to pay their taxes on a timely basis—are an exemption. Yet I would say, whether it is Congress or whether it is the Federal employees, we are held to a different standard because we are paid with the hardworking American taxpayers’ dollars. It is a higher standard than the private sector’s. It is difficult for us to acknowledge that, but we are under the scrutiny that we should be because we have the authority to tax and spend. When you have both of those authorities, Mr. Speaker, it is a different standard. 
I, for one, can tell you that, from the 
Federal employees’ standpoint, it is all about making sure that we are fair to them. What happens is, when the headline is ‘‘Federal employees are not paying their taxes,’’ for whatever reason it 
may be, it paints in a bad light the hundreds of thousands of Federal workers who do everything right and on time. 
must do is not only address this for the integrity of the American people but address it for the integrity and the spirit of those Federal workers as well. 
for me: How do you get the money from somebody who is fired, who has no job? 
said this was a bill to solve a nonexistent problem. Everybody ought to pay their taxes—everybody. Everybody ought to pay their taxes. Now, if you are really rich, you can find an accountant who can find you about every loophole there is that we have given. You want to have a bill on the floor closing loopholes. 
employees pay their taxes voluntarily and correctly at a higher percentage than the general public. Should every one of them pay? Should it be 100 percent? The chairman is right; it should be 100 percent. 
talks about our Federal employees, and they ought to be treated correctly. We are their board of directors. I will tell you, folks, if any board of directors of any large corporation in America treated its employees the way we treat them, they would all quit, and the company would go bankrupt, because we treat our Federal employees very poorly—very poorly. 
they are loafing and they are not working hard and this, that, and the other, and that is wrong. We have the best civil service in the world. 
somehow you are not doing what you are supposed to do. I know the gentleman gets up and says this is a very small percentage. When a Member of Congress doesn’t pay his taxes and he gets indicted and he has to quit this body, it besmirches all of us. 
The gentleman from Maryland is absolutely correct. It has not been mentioned, but there is a provision in law that allows the IRS to go in and take the salary of Federal employees. That is what the gentleman is talking about. Unlike the private sector, where you have to go through a lot of rigmarole— properly so, to protect the taxpayer— the Federal employee is subjected to the IRS having special authority going and taking part of their salary. 
Now, by the way, this mentions Federal employees. I don’t know whether the ranking member knows the answer to this, but are Members of Congress included in that definition? The answer? The gentleman is shaking his head, saying no. Yet the Congress as an institution has a lower rate of paying, some 95 percent as opposed to 97 percent, of Federal employees. 
frankly, saying government is bad and the people who work for them aren’t so hot either. Now, I don’t think the gentleman from Utah thinks that is the message. I understand that. The gentleman is my friend. I like him. He is a bright and able fellow. But that is the message we are sending. It’s a bad message. 
I will tell you, I represent 62,000 Federal employees, and I tell all of them and all the unions, if they are not performing their job, if they are watching television 4 hours a day, they ought to be fired. I will support the gentleman in that effort because we ought to demand performance, and that is why we have, in the IRS Code, you can take the salary if they are not paying their taxes. That is not true of any other employee in America. You have got to go through a legal process, et cetera, et cetera, as you should. 
So I would urge my colleagues to defeat this bill, as we did in the last Congress on suspension, and yes, tell all of our employees, ‘‘You need to pay your taxes,’’ and make sure if they don’t, IRS gets their fees; and if they are not performing their task and it undermines their performance, then we ought to subject them, just as every other employee, to being removed, but not simply to say, arbitrarily, this employee, these employees, our employees, America’s employees, will be treated more harshly than the American people and the American workers around this country are treated. Treat them the same. That is fair. That is what they hope for. 
days, sent our employees home. The gentleman from North Carolina talked about there are some bad circumstances for some people: they have got to pay a mortgage payment or a rent payment or a car payment or a college tuition. We sent them home and we said: We are not paying you. We came back later and we said: Oh, no, we are going to pay you. But we caused them a great deal of angst. 
I will tell you this: that is not the 
way to treat people. We didn’t send them home because we didn’t have the money to pay for them. We didn’t send them home because America was bankrupt. We sent them home because we disagreed with a policy the President was pursuing or we wanted to repeal the Affordable Care Act, over which they had no control. But we sent them home without pay. Very frankly, those who were critical employees we kept working, but we didn’t pay them. What way is that to run any organization, much less the greatest country on the face of the Earth? 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
on this floor about fairness, about treating them the same. I will remind Members that on June 25, 1998, the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act—which Mr. HOYER , Mr. C UMMINGS , and others 
voted in favor of—gave this same power and authority to the IRS, gave them the same authority and power. Why not treat them equally and fairly? Why not treat them exactly the same as the IRS employees? Why are the IRS employees treated so unfairly? 
here on this floor today voted in favor of that bill. So it was okay back then, just gave it to them. Guess what; tax compliance went up. 
I take issue with this quote, ‘‘ideology rather than facts.’’ The facts are, every single year the number of Federal employees not paying their Federal taxes has gone up. In fact, in 2008, we roughly didn’t collect $962 million; in 2014, $1.14 billion. 
to pay your taxes, you don’t have a problem. But if you want to be fair, if you want to be the same, if you want to treat them equally, then give the other departments and agencies the same power that we gave the IRS. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. I yield to the gentleman from Maryland. 
America is subject to being fired because they don’t pay taxes? Does the gentleman want to include either Members of Congress in this bill or all private sector employees? 
time, I appreciate the spirit in which that is asked. I would hope the gentleman would join me in cosponsoring H.R. 1564, the Members of Congress Tax Accountability Act. There are constitutional reasons why we can’t include them in this provision, but this bill has been referred to the Committee on House Administration, and I would encourage all Members to get behind this because there should be a higher standard for Members of Congress. That should be more readily available to the public. You should have to disclose that liability. Right now, you don’t. So I introduced that bill as well. 
I would also argue that Federal employees taking taxpayer dollars have a high standard and that the evidence that we have—and I have said it repeatedly, and I know the gentleman has heard this—Mr. Speaker, Mr. HOYER voted in favor of this same bill 
years ago, and it has worked. I have never heard anybody say, ‘‘This is a problem. We have got to change this. We have got to take it out.’’ I have never heard anybody offer an amendment. In fact, we accepted 100 percent, 
every amendment that was offered by the Democrats. We accepted them. We accepted them. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Fair enough. Reclaiming my time, since I didn’t 
yield it, but reclaiming my time, I said, clearly, I don’t think this should be part of the private sector. I think working for the Federal Government is a privilege, it is an honor, and I take great exception, Mr. Speaker, to the idea and the notion that we treat Federal workers so poorly that if we were a company everybody would quit. Well, they can quit. They don’t. You look at the turnover rate in the private sector versus the turnover rate in the Federal Government, we treat them pretty darn well. 
that is weeding out the bad apples. If you are sitting there watching pornography on your computer 4 hours a day, then you should be fired. If you are a DEA agent down serving in Colombia and you have sex slaves coming before you paid by them, then you should fire them. If you are a Federal worker thumbing your nose at the Federal Government, not paying your taxes, then you should be eligible to be fired by the supervisor. That supervisor, don’t we trust them to make that decision and say: You know what? This person is so vital, they do such good work, we are going to keep them? 
employees didn’t even file a Federal tax return, didn’t even file one last year. Is that too small a percentage to worry about? How do you look people in the eye who are all working in this room at some government office and they are all paying their taxes, but these eight yahoos over here aren’t paying their taxes? 
Federal workers means, you know what, we owe it to all of you that are doing a good job to make sure that they are too. If they don’t and they are not getting good, guess what. A, you are not going to be hired, and, B, you are eligible to be fired. 
worked. It was a good piece of legislation. It was a good vote. Guess what. The IRS now has the highest—less than 1 percent of their people don’t pay their Federal taxes. Give that same tool to the other departments and agencies, and I think we will have even better compliance, and we can look the American people in the eye and say: You know what? We are doing everything we can. Stop picking on Federal employees. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ). Mr. HOYER. I would hope the gentleman would make it very, very clear he is not making an analogy between the two instances that he cited for firing, on which I would agree with him, and a Federal employee, for whatever reason, says: Mr. MEADOWS may not 
have paid his taxes. Certainly the gentleman is not making an analogy between the two instances he cited and the latter, I hope; because if he is, he is doing exactly what I think this bill does. 
inquire how much time is remaining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Maryland has 7
words here on the floor describing this bill as simply actually a bill to protect Federal workers who are in compliance from that small percentage who aren’t. We had a hearing today in the Subcommittee on Government Operations of the committee of which Mr. CHAFFETZ is full committee chair, and 
I asked the question of the tax advocate of the IRS: How would you characterize 97 percent compliance when the broad public compliance with tax compliance is 83 to 86 percent? So how would you characterize 97 percent? The answer was: Extraordinary. 
This is a solution in search of a problem, and the protestations to the contrary notwithstanding, this is another way—albeit cloaked in respectability and sanctimony—of whacking Federal employees again. We just heard it: scratch the surface, and suddenly they are all watching pornography; they are all sitting around not doing work; they are all, in fact, not filing taxes, and they ought to be fired—let me go through the list of firing offenses—allowing the impression that this actually characterizes the Federal workforce. 
that if you were a CEO and managed your company this way, you would be fired or your company would go out of business. My friend from Utah took exception to that. But for those who say we ought to run the Federal Government as a private company, what CEO would keep his or her job who froze wages for 3 years; who disparaged his workforce as being overcompensated, unproductive, lazy, too many of them, and we are going to crack down on you; go after their benefits and make sure they are reduced; threaten not to pay your bills while you are at it? What company would stay in business? What CEO would ever get away with that? That is what we are doing here. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield an additional 10 seconds to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). 
the Federal workforce. No matter how you put lipstick on a pig, it is still a pig. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I remind the gentleman in this room that it was President Obama who introduced the pay freeze. 
in my office watching some of this dialogue, and I will pick right up where the gentleman from Virginia just left off. 
workers. I sat on the subcommittee, Mr. Speaker, when we had the hearing on this issue. This is not an attack on Federal workers. This has absolutely nothing to do with Federal workers and everything to do with taking care of the people who pay for those Federal workers, taking care of the people who pay the taxes. 
yesterday in the hearing about the DEA. You can accept the services of a prostitute from a drug lord, let the drug cartel members watch your guns and your cell phone, and still not get fired. 
It is not an attack on Federal workers. People back home see that and think that we are crazy. They think we are completely nuts and that we do not know how to run the country. You have to look at that hearing yesterday and think: you know what, they may be right. 
This bill is an attempt to at least try 
to send the message back home to people and make it very clear: if someone is going to audit you for not paying your taxes, at the very least that person will have paid their taxes. 
That is not a slam on Federal workers. It is going to the American people who pay the taxes and saying: look, we may not do the best we possibly can, but at least we pay attention to some things, and we are going to make sure that the people that are auditing you are at least following the law that they are making you follow. 
ask for, and it is certainly not an attack on the larger Federal workforce. It is simply trying to reaffirm for people back home that we are not absurd and that we are not crazy and that we are not running this country in any mindless fashion, that we actually do pay attention to what is important to folks back home. 
prostitutes from the drug lords, maybe we can make sure the people doing the audits pay the taxes. That is what this bill is about, which is why it should pass. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). Ms. NORTON. I thank my good friend 
what is happening on this floor today. This is tax day, and what the majority does each tax day is pull out tax bills. Some of them are good bills; some of them have the appearance of everything but the kitchen sink. 
party who are running for President on abolishing the IRS. Well, you can’t abolish it; so what they are doing is 
targeting working people in the Federal Government to point out that Republicans are not asleep on tax day. 
doing today is a gratuitous, useless, slap in the face of Federal employees who apparently do understand that they have an affirmative duty, even beyond others, to pay their taxes because they do so at a rate that is almost twice that of the general public which is more than twice that of other Americans. 
bill is that it is entirely superfluous. It does what already can be done. What can be done is this: existing statutory authority gives the Federal Government, the IRS, the ability to collect Federal, State, and local taxes from all Federal employees. 
delinquent taxpayer, they can already, under Federal law, go from counseling to removal for all Federal employees. That is in the law already, my friends. 
past have wanted to keep Federal employees paying their taxes until they paid them off, so Congress didn’t cut off its nose to spite its face by taking away their jobs as this bill allows. 
worked, the Federal Employee/Retiree Delinquency Initiative, which matches up Federal employees in all the agencies, not just the IRS, with delinquencies so they have their very low delinquency rate today. 
limit of 15 percent until the government gets all its money. The IRS have the discretion to do this for all Federal employees, not only IRS employees. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 15 seconds. 
this bill entirely cosmetic—conceded that this bill was cosmetic when it was introduced before. 
taxes for the American people, stop cutting the IRS so that the IRS can start collecting taxes and cutting the deficit. 
no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time to close. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ) 
has 23⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ), my good friend. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1563, the Federal Employee Tax Accountability Act. 
I just want to point out that this is 
indeed about Federal employees, the Federal Employee Tax Accountability Act. It is all about Federal employees. 
the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ), I remain concerned that 
the practical effect of H.R. 1563 will be to significantly diminish the privacy rights of our dedicated Federal workforce. 
Revenue Code section 6103 provides that all citizens, for all citizens, Federal tax information—including tax returns, annual wage and tax statements, and tax penalty notices—is strictly confidential and must remain in the trust of only the IRS. It must remain in the trust of only the IRS and the individual taxpayer. That is it. It is not open to general knowledge. 
Under this bill, though, tax information—which now includes health information because of the Affordable Care Act—is all going to be shared among every single Federal agency to take so called adverse personnel actions against one of its employees where the agency finds that an individual has willfully fallen behind on his or her taxes or failed to file a return on time. 
out. If it is not about Federal employees, this is what we are going to do to every American taxpayer. We are basically deputizing the bosses of all these Federal employees to be able to delve into their personal tax information, their personal healthcare information that is now held by the IRS. 
so that we are damaging all of these Federal employees’ privacy rights, and we also present the possibility that, in the future, this will be done to every American citizen. This is not a good idea. 
I think that we have every opportunity to make sure the people pay their taxes. There is a greater compliance rate among Federal employees than there is among the general public. 
H.R. 1563, the Federal Employee Tax Accountability Act of 2015. While I have the greatest respect for the gentleman from Utah, Chairman CHAFFETZ , I remain concerned that 
the practical effect of H.R. 1563 will be to significantly diminish the privacy rights of our dedicated Federal workforce. 
6103 provides that all federal tax information— including tax returns, annual wage and tax statements, and tax penalty notices—is strictly confidential and must remain in the trust of only the Internal Revenue Service and the individual taxpayer. Current law therefore prohibits any federal agency—other than the I.R.S.—from delving into personal tax information to determine an individual’s tax compliance status. 
the head of not only the I.R.S. but every federal agency to take socalled ‘‘adverse personnel actions’’ against one of its employees where the agency finds that an individual has wilfully fallen behind on his or her taxes or failed to file a return on time. In order to defend yourself against such an adverse personnel action under H.R. 1563, you must demonstrate that your failure to pay your taxes or file a return on time stemmed from a ‘‘reasonable cause.’’ 
administrators, managers, and foremen as bonafide tax investigators—authorizing them to examine and determine the tax compliance status of agency employees. In addition, H.R. 1563 essentially requires all federal workers to affirmatively defend their failure to pay taxes or file a return on time by requiring them to provide agency management with specific and satisfactory reasons for their noncompliance. If you’re behind on your taxes because you went through a health care crisis and want to keep your federal job, you’re going to have to share the details of your medical emergency with your employing agency under this bill. If you’re behind on your taxes because you’re going through a divorce but still want to keep working at your federal agency, you’re going to have to disclose the facts surrounding your divorce to your federal manager. 
Now, I understand that this bill may seek to 
address those rare instances where federal bad actors intentionally try to cheat on their taxes. In practice, however, H.R. 1563 will broadly diminish the tax privacy rights of all federal employees. That’s in spite of the 97% tax compliance rate for federal workers reported to our committee by the I.R.S. for 2014. It’s also in spite of the existing federal payment levy program that already allows the I.R.S. to levy federal salaries and wages in order to recover delinquent tax debts in a costeffective manner. 
to achieving 100% tax compliance across the federal workforce is to waive the individual privacy rights of dedicated federal workers across the board. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to oppose this legislation. 
is pure symbolism without any substance, and it is very, very sad. I am disappointed to say that the House majority seems more interested in ideology and political messaging rather than facts and evidence. 
Here are the facts. There is no problem to solve. The IRS confirmed that they have no problem collecting delinquent taxes from Federal employees. Federal employees have a much higher tax compliance rate than the American public and even Members of Congress and their staffs. 
CBO has estimated that implementation of this measure will actually increase the cost to American taxpayers. 
somebody is fired and does not have a job, where does the money come from? The fact is that we already have mechanisms in place to get the money. I do believe with all my heart that this is another effort to demonize our Federal 
Here are the facts. I just love it when 
Washington, D.C., says, Oh, there is no problem. We have got a hundred thousandplus people—Federal employees— who don’t pay about $1.1 billion in taxes. That number is up from $962 million in 2008. 
there is one department, one agency, where it is getting better, where it did improve, and it was in the IRS. We should pat them on the back. 
we changed. In a bill that was voted on and supported by Mr. CUMMINGS and 
this body, the Congress gave the ability and the authority to the head of the IRS to terminate the employment of one of their workers if they are not paying Federal taxes. 
tax compliance rate in the Federal Government. Let’s give that same tool to the rest of the departments and agencies. 
You know what is a slap in a face to 
the Federal worker? When you don’t get rid of the bad apples. When you have got somebody who is thumbing their nose, not playing by the rules, not doing what they are supposed to be doing. Guess what. It goes into the morale of the institution. 
paid by the taxpayers, one of your fundamental responsibilities is to file and pay your Federal taxes. 
who, as Federal employees, didn’t even file a return. Can we solve that? Absolutely, we can solve that. We should require it. 
application, they should certify that they are fully compliant with the taxes. If there is a hardship, if they are in dispute over taxes owed, if their spouse gets into problems, if they are having their wages garnished, there are all of these outs. 
which we accepted, you get another 180 days to then go forward to your administrator or whoever is leading your department and agency and say: I am valuable; I am trying. 
know what? I am going to give you a waiver or allow you to continue. 
which they have at the IRS—then you limit the tools, and you are not getting rid of the people who are the bad apples. 
Federal employees but weed out the bad apples. I want to see people on both sides of the aisle say: let’s pat the back of the overwhelming majority who are 
patriotic, hardworking, dedicated employees, but we are going to get rid of the bad apples. 
That is what this bill does. I urge its 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1563, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 4 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 242, noes 182, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline 
Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ago today, one of the most cowardly acts in American history was perpetrated on the people of Boston, of Massachusetts, of America, and, in fact, of the world when two lowly cowards blew up two bombs in the middle of the Boston Marathon, which is a celebration of American patriotism and of the birth of this country, killing three innocent people and, later on in the day, shooting a police officer in, again, another cowardly act, and injuring over 275 people. 
I just want to take a moment of the 
House’s time to remember the people who died that day, the people who were injured that day, and to think for a moment as to what a wonderful country we have the good fortune to live in. 
everyone to rise to share a moment of silence with me. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, Americans strongly dislike tax day, and Uncle Sam is set to take in record levels of Americans’ tax dollars again this year. These are dollars that the hard working taxpayers take out of their wallets, and they are too often used to grow Washington’s bureaucracy at the expense of growth elsewhere in the country. 
Western Pennsylvanians are rightfully frustrated with the Federal Government’s overreach into their daily lives. Back in Pennsylvania’s 12th District, I regularly talk with folks who are appalled by the IRS’ hypocrisy, corruption, and abuse of power. 
people who disagree with the administration’s political agenda to Federal employees owing thousands in back taxes, the IRS needs to be held accountable to the people. Washington bureaucrats are not above the law. Americans spend countless hours and precious financial resources in filing their tax returns by April 15. They are following the law. It is only fair for the American people to expect that the IRS does the same. 
today that are designed to protect taxpayers, to restore the public’s faith in our system of laws, and to prevent the IRS from abusing its power. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Speaker, I stand here today 1 year since Boko Haram kidnapped 270 young girls attending school in Chibok, Nigeria. This kidnapping received international attention for a short time; then, like the girls, the spotlight disappeared, and yet our children remain hidden and subjected to unimaginable crimes. 
Innocent girls who cry out to be liberated cannot be forgotten. They are as Maya Angelou’s caged birds who sing with a fearful trill of things unknown but longed for still, and their tune is heard on the distant hill, for the caged 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Madam Speaker, earlier this week the Energy Information Administration released its annual forecast of U.S. energy trends and predicted that the United States will become a net exporter of natural gas by 2017. 
As cochair of the bipartisan Congressional Natural Gas Caucus, I understand the magnitude of this geopolitical transition and the implications for ensuring American energy security through continued natural gas development and investment. By becoming a net exporter of natural gas by 2017, the United States will be able to build and strengthen its economy, help to improve the environment, and remain globally competitive. 
of natural gas, Pennsylvania continues to help drive recordbreaking oil and natural gas production domestically. The Energy Information Administration’s recent projections place the United States closer than ever to obtaining energy independence, while signaling longer term market stability that will make energy prices more affordable for businesses and families throughout Pennsylvania and all across the country. 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today to congratulate the Fisher House Foundation on their 25th anniversary and to thank them for their services to our military and veteran families. 
result of the vision and efforts by Zachary and Elizabeth Fisher. They wanted to provide a home away from home for the families of servicemen and women while their loved ones received treatment, and their vision has come to fruition. 
in 1990, over 250,000 families have saved $282 million in lodging and transportation costs. The 64 locations throughout the United States and Germany have provided families 5.8 million days of lodging. 
and proud to participate in the groundbreaking of Nevada’s first Fisher House, located across the street from our new VA hospital. What a wonderful day it was. Congratulations, Fisher House Foundation, and thank you and your volunteers for all you do to make a difficult time just a little easier for our Nation’s heroes. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Madam Speaker, I rise tonight to recognize one of the most profound educational leaders of her generation, Dr. Donna Shalala. 
University of Miami, Donna made it her goal to see UM become the next great American research university. Never one to leave a promise unfulfilled, under her unparalleled guidance, the university has consistently ranked in the top 50 research institutions. 
Through leadership, service, and selflessness, Donna has positively impacted our south Florida area as a school administrator and a community leader. It is with great pride, admiration, and affection that I join our community and University of Miami students, professors, and grads in thanking Dr. Shalala for her hard work and dedication. 
Donna, you are an outstanding member of our south Florida community, and we will certainly miss you. I wish you good fortune and all the best in this new, exciting, next chapter of your life. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
year threequarters of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender kids in this country are verbally harassed at school. Nearly a fifth will be physically assaulted. It is time for the bullying and abuse to stop. 
Every year GLSEN organizes the National Day of Silence. This Friday, kids across the country will take a daylong vow of silence to draw attention to the abuse their LGBT friends and classmates have to deal with every day. 
lot to help these kids, but change is not coming fast enough, so I am once again introducing a resolution supporting the Day of Silence. LGBT kids deserve to be able to go to school and feel safe. I invite my colleagues to join me and cosponsor the resolution. 
1year anniversary that the Nigerian schoolgirls were kidnapped by the terror group Boko Haram. I am wearing these ribbons today to say ‘‘Bring Back Our Girls,’’ and I thank our colleague 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Madam Speaker, I rise to congratulate Duke University and its Division I men’s basketball team on winning the 2015 national championship. Duke’s win against the University of Wisconsin at Madison marks their fifth national championship victory. 
coach in Division I men’s basketball history, legendary coach Mike Krzyzewski. We refer to him as Coach K. This year’s team, led by senior Quinn Cook, continued the tradition of excellence in my district in Durham, North Carolina, by earning the 88th schoolwide NCAA tournament victory. Even more impressive, Madam Speaker, is the fact that the Duke University Blue Devils had five AllACC Academic players, which is the most in the school’s history. 
along with my colleagues, to recognize the team for its extraordinary achievement. I urge quick consideration of my resolution and encourage my colleagues to support it. 
Madam Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Duke University Blue Devils on their historic tournament win. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Madam Speaker, a year and a day ago today, 276 innocent Nigerian schoolgirls were tragically taken away from their boarding school and their family. 
these girls are still missing, and Boko Haram continues to prey on the Nigerian people. The kidnapping of these schoolgirls is just one example of the appalling acts of terror committed by this group, who, according to the Human Rights Watch, have killed more than 2,000 people and forced 800,000 children to be displaced from their homes. 
I commend President Obama for publicly expressing his willingness to assist Nigeria in its efforts to dismantle this group. 
Additionally, I encourage the incoming President of Nigeria, President Buhari, to remain committed to his pledge to implement an aggressive effort to combat Boko Haram and to protect his citizens. 
attacks upon us, we are all regalvanized to do what we can to bring back 
our girls and protect our other innocent citizens from any future attacks. 
very heartbreaking to think that it has been a whole year since our girls, 276 girls, were kidnapped by Boko Haram in Nigeria. I think the importance of memorializing this is to talk about the nature of terror and its cruelty, to take these children, these babies, away in the name of religion. 
galvanize all around the world and to focus on the main thing. The main thing is these are criminal organizations. These are not religiously motivated people. These are people who will maim, cripple, and kill anyone for their political objectives. 
for her leadership in bringing us all together today, and Mrs. MALONEY from 
New York, and I pray that our resolve will be reignited today. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise today in support of the Paycheck Fairness Act. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2013, women who worked full time earned, on average, only 78 cents for every dollar a man earned. The figures are even worse for women of color. African American women earned only approximately 64 cents and Latinas only 56 cents for each dollar earned by a White male. This is absolutely and unequivocally unacceptable in the United States of America. The average woman would have lost $420,000 throughout her working lifetime as a result of this pay gap. 
percent of the population, yet there is still a 76.4 percent wage gap in their annual median earnings. That is why I am a sponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act, which would work to close the gender wage gap by requiring employers to demonstrate that wage differentials are based on factors other than sex, and strengthening penalties for equal pay violations. 
Families increasingly rely on women’s wages to make ends meet. Equal pay is not simply a women’s issue; it is a family issue. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, small businesses are vital to the strength and dynamism of the American economy, generating 63 percent of new private sector jobs over the past two decades. But it’s not just about the entrepreneurs. It is also about helping workers that depend on small businesses for their paycheck, whether it be young people paying down their college loans, immigrants hoping to provide a better life for their loved ones, or moms and dads looking for a little more income while the kids are at school. Small businesses not only strengthen Main Street, they play a vital role in keeping our neighbors prosperous. 
small businesses face is a cumbersome and overbearing Tax Code. Most small businesses file their taxes as S corporations or sole proprietorships, both of which are taxed at individual rates. 
reforming and simplifying the Tax Code. Creating a broader, flatter tax base will allow for lower rates for both individuals and businesses. I look forward to working with my colleagues to find ways to reform our Tax Code so small businesses and their workers can thrive. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
was tempted to rise when my friend Mr. MCCARTHY from California was 
speaking of the great, late President Abraham Lincoln and his legacy—really, a dichotomy of a man, a very complicated individual. We know of his great achievements, of ending slavery, of maintaining our Union—great achievements—and very difficult achievements for him as well, passing the 13th Amendment. 
maybe, Congress is today and the lack of cooperation. Under the conditions that thenPresident Lincoln was operating, it is a marvel that he was able to pass such incredible legislation with such ramifications, and positively. 
about Lincoln that oft times goes unnoticed is one of the legacies that was unintended by himself directly: he dies. He is shot on the 14th of April 1865. He dies on the 15th of April 1865. 
Abraham Lincoln is, on the 16th of April, the Sun rose again on the Republic of the United States, a better nation for his having lived, but continued despite his absence. How wonderful a legacy is that, that this Republic, greater than any man or woman, lives on, a better place for him having lived. 
today to congratulate the Irving Independent School District for being recognized by the College Board as the 2015 Advanced Placement District of the Year in the midsized category. This award recognizes the efforts Irving ISD has made in ensuring the academic success of our local school children. 
by 70 percent the number of students taking AP courses and has increased by 83 percent the number of students who scored a 3 or higher on an AP exam. Not only are more students taking AP courses at Irving, but they are also earning good scores, and that is really important. 
and District 33. Three out of the five high schools in the Irving ISD are located in South Irving. 
and parent at Cardwell, MacArthur, Nimitz, Singley, and Irving High, congratulations on this outstanding academic achievement. Thank you for making all of us Texas proud. 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Jersey? 
lowwage workers across the country rallied in small towns and big cities. Their request is very simple: a livable wage and the right to organize. 
turn on the news and see reports on stock market gains on Wall Street. They see companies reporting record profits. They see the prices for bread and a carton of milk rising every month. Then they open their paychecks and see the same amount that they have seen for the past 10 years. 
across the aisle keep trying to brush under a political rug. That may have worked in the past, but it is just getting too big to be hidden. 
Emmanuel Saez, the Nation’s 100 richest families have as much wealth as the 80 million families that make up 
the bottom 50 percent in wealth. Meanwhile, Republicans keep trying to peddle the same, tired ‘‘work hard and get ahead’’ rhetoric. 
are doing just that. They are stringing together 40hour weeks whenever they can. In many cases, they are not given the opportunity to even do that, but they are being paid wages that cobble together to just over $15,000 a year. 
for the fraction of its workers behind the counters of their corporate stores, they will only get a raise of $5,000. $5,000 will make a huge difference for those families, but at $20,000, they have gone from drowning to just barely keeping their heads above water. 
That is not enough to pay for a college education or to buy a home. That is not enough to save for retirement. That is not enough to pay for medical bills. Madam Speaker, that is not enough to achieve the American Dream. 
and I are here on the floor tonight to stand with workers in the fight for $15, that is $15 an hour and the right to form unions. 
It is time to support working families, and it is time to make it possible to work hard and get ahead. 
It is now my pleasure to yield to the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON), one of the chairs of our caucus. 
story today. I was talking with a young lady named Stacy Mitchell, who is a researcher. 
issue of what is the economic effect of raising the minimum wage because what you hear so many conservatives say is, if we raise the minimum wage, maybe there will be a lot of workers who simply will not be employable because they don’t have the skill level to be employed, they don’t bring enough value to the business to pay them $15 an hour. 
through research—is that low wages lead to workers who have a lot of high turnover. High turnover leads to mistakes, leads to errors, leads to training errors, leads to bad customer service when the workers don’t have a firm grip on what they have been doing. High turnover and the need to retrain then leads to a loss of money, and they have calculated that to about $12,000 a year for the average small business. 
learning more about this can contact the Institute for Local SelfReliance. This is a smallbusiness organization that says that we can have more economic viability if we focus on small business and not just the bigbox retailer. 
whenever you talk to the bigbox retailer about raising the minimum wage or whether you talk to McDonald’s or 
Walmart, they always say: yeah, we are making record profits; but what about the small business? 
there are a lot of small businesses that have decided to pay people a better wage, keep them on the job, and as they stay on the job, they learn the job better, serve the customer better, and end up making the business more profitable overall. 
Costco or Ben & Jerry’s, are challenging this idea by the rightwing conservative business types that squeezing the most out of the worker, hurting the 
worker, taking the most out of the worker, paying the worker the least you can possibly afford—not any health care, not any sick days—just squeezing the life out of that worker is not a good business model. There are other ways to do it. There are ways for everyone to succeed. 
other side of the aisle like to say: Have you ever run a business? In fact, I have. I am a businessowner. I ran my own law firm for years. I employed investigators. I employed legal assistants. I even hired some lawyers. 
Oh, I know business, and you don’t, it always makes me chuckle a little bit because I actually have run a business—owned a business—and actually have run fairly large nonprofits, which are also businesses. 
It is clear to me that the real thing 
that I cared about as a businessperson is customers coming through the door. I needed people with money who could pay me. That is what I needed. If nobody was making any money, they couldn’t pay me. 
being in a vibrant, strong community with an economy where prosperity was shared so that people had some business for me. 
taxes too much. I can’t imagine too many smallbusinesspeople staying up all night worrying about taxes. You know what they are worried about? Customers coming through the door, clients coming through the door, people who need haircuts, people who need meals, people who need a lawyer to do their will—that is what you have got to have. 
But if the average working class person is broke because they have been getting paid $7 an hour or whatever, they can’t spend money with you. 
the real hit in the financial system in 2008. I was at a committee hearing, I will let the gentlewoman know, and I asked one of the witnesses at the committee hearing what their opinion was about Americans having negative savings because I found a statistic that Americans had a negative 2 percent savings rate. 
to the credit card, the payday loan, title loan, something like that, to make it through the week. 
Well, there is so much equity people have in their homes; that is not a problem. 
This is an economist I will never listen to again. The bottom line is, when you pay people more, they can save. They can save for retirement. When you pay people more, that makes them more loyal to you. I actually paid people as much as I could—way over minimum wage—and the reason why is I needed my legal secretary to know how to prepare documents the way I needed them. 
the document so that I could read it over, make sure that this divorce or this will or whatever it was that I was doing for them was right; and the better she got at what she was doing, the faster I could work. I was happy to pay her because the customer was happy to pay. The real job was getting customers in the door, and paying workers better was smarter and more profitable for me. 
you squeeze the life out of the worker and try to make sure that they don’t have anything except for the bus fare to get back to work the next day. This is absolutely wrong. Yes, you can run a business like that; you can make a lot of money like that, but you will ruin society doing things like that. 
could have the Metro rail to get people to work, so the bus would come. I didn’t mind being able to turn on the spigot and have clean water come out of the faucet in Minnesota. 
claim to be for business, don’t want to pay any taxes, don’t want to train anybody, don’t want to pay any decent wages, and hate health care. It is the craziest thing in the world. It is actually bad for business and leads to very extremes in society, the extremely rich and the vast ocean of the poor. 
who sit back and say, You know what, you used to be able to get into the middle class by becoming a smallbusinessperson or getting a good union job? 
both. The conservative rightwing attacks unions. The conservative rightwing doesn’t like unions, and they are union busters, so union membership has declined. As they have pushed this righttowork garbage, what we have seen is wages go down at the very same time. 
big, big business types. Whenever they come to my office asking for whatever, they always talk in terms of the small business. I always find it somewhat amusing when the big businesses that pay poverty wages say: well, if we raise the minimum wage, it is going to hurt small business. I think to myself: Man, when was the 
last time you were ever running a small business? You don’t pay any taxes because you have got lawyers trying to figure out how to get around them. You don’t deal with what the smallbusinessperson has to deal with. 
and come up with a product or service that people really want, and they don’t get tax breaks the way you do. They don’t have an army of lawyers to help them escape their responsibility to help fund the U.S. Government. 
today? Well, lowwage workers have finally gotten sick of it. Today, over 200 cities are standing together to call for $15 an hour. Thirty different countries are standing in solidarity with low wage workers, calling for $15 an hour. 
I am proud that, in my own city of 
Minneapolis, lowwage workers have gone out and are on strike to demand $15 an hour. These are the people who make the hamburgers, they fry the chicken, they sweep the floors. They do the stuff that, if it doesn’t get done, the business crashes. 
the business I ran, if I wanted to go on vacation for a day or two, I probably could; but, if my legal secretary and my investigator and the lawyer that I hired didn’t show up, I would be in trouble. I couldn’t go anywhere. 
me a CEO of a business that is a big business who can’t show up or go on a long golfing trip, whatever; but, if you let the people who actually fry the chicken not show up, this place will grind to a halt. 
So I was very glad to see tens of 
thousands of lowwage workers in more than 200 cities standing together to call for $15 an hour. These workers are White, they are Black, they are Latino, they are Asian. They are young, they are old. Some of them are senior citizens. 
born in the United States, and some of them came here from other places. They are diverse, but they are unified in the idea that in America we ought to have a fair economy that makes sure that everybody can climb the ladder of success, not just a few who want to concentrate wealth at the very top. 
don’t want to pay any taxes, they don’t want to pay for public services, and they want to divide people. They want to divide people. 
are straight or gay. They want to know, Are you down with raising the wage? 
maybe you are Black. They don’t care. They care about, are you for an economic ladder that everyone can climb if they work hard. 
the people at the top, many of them are highly divisive. They want to split 
the straight from the gay, the Black from the White. They want to break everybody up because they know that is the only way they can keep the control that they have. 
So we are unified around our common humanity, our love of this country and our belief that this is the land of opportunity. That is just not some slogan. It has got to be real, and it has got to mean something. And anybody who puts in a hard week of work ought to be able to do well by their family. 
to yield when you are sick of me going on. 
I just thought I would share this little statistic with you because it really did shock me, because, you know, the conservative rightwing is very proud of how they claim, Oh, we are selfreliant. We don’t ask anybody for anything. We believe people should work for themselves. And they are real hard on folks with government assistance. 
for this statistic right here. I had it just a moment ago. It blew my mind when I saw it. 
It showed that if you add up all of the 
public assistance that lowwage workers have to rely on because their bosses will not pay them properly—Uncle Sam has to pay if the people don’t have a livable wage. If they don’t have enough for rent and food because their job won’t pay them enough, then these people go on public assistance. 
If you add up all that public assistance, it basically is a subsidy to Big Business, and I think that number is about $150 billion. It is about $150 billion of welfare, welfare that some of these conservative corporate types are mooching off the American people. 
about how we work for ourselves. We don’t rely on anyone. 
work hard every day, getting splattered with grease, pushing a broom, making hamburgers, customer after customer, on your feet all day long. These folks work hard, but $150 billion of accumulated subsidy to the working poor. 
yes, I said the name. And by the way, I want to congratulate them for raising the wage. You ought to say what is good when it happens. Thank you, Walmart, for raising the wage. 
But I do have to tell on you a little 
bit because last Christmas, which is the spirit of giving, they put out a bucket asking their customers to put canned goods in the bucket so that their customers would give canned food goods so that they would distribute them to their workers. I am sure somebody thought that was a clever business idea. 
Wait a minute. You want the customers to give free canned goods to 
You know, McDonald’s had this proposed budget that was proposing, I don’t know, all kinds of crazy things that—undignified things people were asked to do. 
At the end of the day, though, I just 
want to say that these workers who have gone out, over 200 cities, where workers are going out on strike, saying that we need to get paid more, I am very proud of these people. 
Civil disobedience, striking has been something in America, sometimes when you don’t have any bargaining power, when you don’t have a union, when the National Labor Relations Board will not protect you quickly enough because it has been weakened by the conservative wing, then you have got to strike. What else are you going to do? 
are finally waking up to the reality that a lowwage economy, in which many can’t afford basic necessities and are forced to rely on public aid, isn’t good for working families, or the economy, or the taxpayer. 
Last year, the President issued executive orders that ensured the minimum wage and workplace protections for Americans working under Federal contracts. 
we have seen is that employers like Walmart, Target, T.J. Maxx, McDonald’s, have announced raises for the employees. 
have done it without these strikes? Absolutely not. They wouldn’t have given these poor folks a penny. They had to go on strike. They had to. They had no choice. They were pushed to the brink. 
I am about to yield back to the gentlelady, but I just want to tell folks about the model employer and labor rights. 
movement by continuing to join workers in their strikes and by fighting for action at the Federal level. 
The Congressional Progressive Caucus is calling for a model employer executive order that gives preference for Federal contracts to companies that do more than just pay the minimum by providing things like livable wages, paid leave, health benefits, and respecting their employees’ right to collectively bargain. 
As I take my seat, I just want to 
point out to the gentlewoman from New Jersey, in 1957 there were a lot of things that America needed to improve. We had racism, segregation. Women could not rise to their potential. There were a lot of things America needed to do better at. 
American workforce was in a union. And guess what? One person could feed a family of four. One person could feed a family of four. Now, because people have been pushing trickledown economics, Reaganomics, whatever, and we say we are going to squeeze the workers, we are going to offshore their job, the rich won’t pay any taxes, and we are not going to provide any services, and we are going to break the unions, now, for 40 years, we have seen wages flat, and we have seen this thing happen. We have seen these bad outcomes. 
But you know what? Today is a new day. People are wise 
to it, and they are unifying together to push back and make a brand new economy where we can have the public sector and the private sector work together for the betterment of the American people. 
the gentleman for the fine points that he has made. I can speak from a personal perspective. I am one of four siblings, and my father was the bread earner and my mother was the woman who was taking care of our family. And he, indeed, did provide a good and wholesome living for his family. 
thousands of American workers in fast food and child care and home care and airport services, and even in professional positions in higher education, are not being paid enough to survive. And what that means, and I believe that my colleague did mention it, it becomes a drag on the economy. 
buying products. They want not just products that they need. Spending is what gives companies, big and small, the revenue to expand and hire more workers. Ideally, it is also what gives companies the revenue to increase wages. 
fighting for $15 an hour, they will tell you that a wage increase has been nowhere in sight. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to my colleague from the great State of California, Congresswoman LEE. 
Ms. LEE. Let me thank you, Congresswoman W ATSON COLEMAN , for 
yielding and for hosting this important Special Order on the need to provide all Americans a goodpaying job and the right to form a union. 
I want to thank you for your tremendous leadership each and every day, for making sure that we stay on point on all of these economic issues that mean so much to people who are working yet still live below the poverty line. So thank you again. 
Progressive Caucus, which I am proud to serve as the whip of, welcomed experts and lowwage workers to the Hill for a forum. 
Now, each of the workers told powerful stories, and I hope that these are stories that Members here on both sides of the House will listen to. They spoke of struggling to get by, despite working full time on paychecks that are just too small. I hope we will take their struggles to heart and join the Congressional Progressive Caucus in 
our efforts to ensure a goodpaying job for all Americans. 
Too many Americans are still struggling to find a job that pays more than the bare minimum. They don’t want to just get by. They want to get ahead, and they want to live the American Dream. They deserve to live the American Dream. 
an actual living wage, a job that will provide them with paychecks big enough to lift themselves out of poverty into the middle class, a job where they can take care of their families and make sure the bills are paid, and maybe save for retirement. These are American values that everyone wants to live by and to achieve. 
accessible to most Americans. Yet, because of the Great Recession and wage stagnation, too many Americans are working harder and harder for paychecks that keep them trapped in poverty. In the world’s richest and most powerful Nation, this really is a disgrace. 
from the University of California at Berkeley, in my district, found that allowing companies to pay workers wages that keep them in poverty costs taxpayers $152 billion a year. That is outrageous. 
paying for a living wage, these corporations are reaping record corporate profits while leaving families to struggle and taxpayers on the hook. 
businessowner myself, I can tell you that paying poverty wage is no way to run a business. Paying a living wage with benefits is good for business, and it is the right thing to do. 
the Good Jobs Movement, I know that more and more businessowners will see the benefit of paying a living wage and will join our cause. 
them to make a living and provides them with the right to form a union. It is the economically sensible thing to do. You can ask any college or high school student who has taken Economics 101. 
for themselves and provide them a big paycheck, our country becomes fairer and our economy grows. People who are working should not be living below the poverty line. So $15 an hour, that is the minimum that we should be paying our workers. 
hour just barely, barely helps them put food on the table. So we need to get to a living wage, and we need to talk about what that means in different parts of the country. 
So I want to thank you, again, Congresswoman WATSON COLEMAN , for your 
leadership, for bringing us together. We have got to stay focused on this because everyone deserves a path out of 
poverty into the middle class. Everyone in our country deserves to live the American Dream. 
the gentlewoman from California for sharing her insights with us and the very important points that have been made. 
As I stated a moment ago, our economy relies upon consumers buying products that they want, not just products that they need. But $15 an hour is what we are trying to fight for, and even with that, that will barely provide the needs of these families. 
keep food on the table. They can’t buy new cars and support the American auto industry. They can’t afford new clothes, supporting American retailers, and they can’t buy computers or smart phones, supporting Silicon Valley. 
Six out of the ten largest corporations with median wages of less than $15 also rank among the most occupations projected to add the most jobs in the coming years. And as the lowwage workforce grows, the declining purchasing power of Americans means that there is less demand for goods and services in the economy. 
we are focused on creating jobs, we need to support the people that do just that. 
I would like now to yield to my colleague from the great State of Texas, who stands up for workingclass families every single solitary day and has 
even introduced legislation to secure a living wage for the families in our country. 
very much. And I especially appreciate your remembering that I was reared in Florida. That is important to me. I now dwell in Texas, of course. But not many people remember that, so thank you so much. I am honored to be on the floor with you this evening. 
that we are having an opportunity to give some opinions on, and I think that it is important for us to remember that America is not a poor country. America is not a poor country, and I want to emphasize that because too often we come to conclusions about what we should do based upon our lack of resources. I think that is appropriate to come to conclusions based upon a lack of resources, but the truth is that we are still the richest country in the world. 
the world. As a matter of fact, in America, 1 in every 12 American households—1 in every 12—have investable assets of $1 million or more; 1 in 12 have investable assets of $1 million or more. As a matter of fact, in the United States of America, in 2013, we were fortunate enough to have the average CEO make $11.7 million. That is 331 times what the average worker made. The average worker made $35,293. So the average CEO did well. And by the way, I don’t begrudge the 
CEO who makes $11plus million. I do not. I believe in capitalism. I believe that in this country you should succeed on your merits or fail on your demerits. And if a CEO can make $11plus million, I think that is great. I do think that that CEO ought to pay a fair amount of taxes, just as the person who makes $35,000plus pays a fair amount of taxes. But I think it is a wonderful thing, $35,000 versus $11.7 million. 
worker, the average CEO that year made 774 times what a fulltime minimum wage worker made—774 times. 
world; 1 in 12 households has investable assets of $1 million or more. 
In 2007, an interesting thing occurred. A man made $3 billion. I don’t begrudge him. I salute him for making $3 billion. I don’t envy him for making $3 billion. I commend him for making $3 billion. I would note, however, that he did not pay ordinary income tax on that $3 billion. I think that if you are going to make $3 billion, you ought to pay your fair share of taxes on it. 
of money, and it is very difficult to get your mind around it. So let me help you understand what $3 billion is. It would take a minimum wage worker working full time 198,000 years—198,000 years—to make $3 billion. I don’t begrudge the person who made the $3 billion. I salute him. That person made about $400 a second. 
world. People are making money in this country. Just because those of you who are at home, you don’t know these people, I want you to know they are there. They are there, and they are doing quite well, and they ought to be the first in line to talk about raising the minimum wage. 
It would take 198,000 years for a minimum wage worker to make $3 billion. A hedge fund manager made $400 a second. At $400 a second, it would take that hedge fund manager about 37.7 seconds to make what a minimum wage worker makes in a year—37.7 seconds. I don’t begrudge him. I commend him. I salute him. But I do think he should pay a fair amount of taxes on it. 
taxes is the American way. Others pay their taxes, a fair amount. I think people who make billions of dollars ought to pay a fair amount of taxes as well. 
they had the March on Washington back in August of 1963, they had a list of 10 demands. Number eight on that list of 10 demands was to have a wage that people could make a living on. At that time, it was thought that $2 an hour would be a sufficient amount of money. Today we would call that a living wage. It was $2 an hour in 1963. Well, today, that $2 an hour would be about $14.90. So there is a rationale for the $15anhour hue and cry that we hear. A lot of things have changed. A lot of 
things have also remained the same. Fifteen dollars an hour is not an unreasonable amount of money in the richest country in the world, in a country where we have people who can make $400 a second, hundreds of times what a minimum wage worker makes, more than 700 times what a minimum wage worker working full time makes in a year. 
world. However, in the richest country in the world, we still have people who work full time and live below the poverty line. 
every person ought to work his or her way out of poverty. I would like to see subsidies ended and people have wages that will allow them to work their way out of poverty. If I had my way, we would have people without subsidies who work hard, succeed on their merits, fail on their demerits, and elevate themselves out of poverty by simply working full time and not living below the poverty line. 
the poverty threshold for a family of four is $28,850—for a family of four. I pray for the people who have to live off of that amount of money with a family of four, but that is what it is. 
raise the minimum wage, but we should index it. I think that we should index it to poverty because right now a fulltime worker with a child makes about $15,080 a year. That is below the poverty line of $15,930 a year—working full time, living below the poverty line in the richest country in the world where at least one person made $400 a second, where the average CEO made more than $11 million a year. It seems to me that we are talking about trying to bring a balance between the CEO’s salary and the workers’. 
a sense of moral responsibility that CEOs had for their workers. CEOs would literally sit and talk to the board of directors and talk about the needs of workers and how workers should be paid so that they could take care of families, so that they could educate children. There really was, at one time, this sense of moral responsibility to workers that CEOs had. 
A CEO decided that he was going to cut his salary so that his workers could have a better quality of life, with higher earnings that would be paid to them. 
other in this country. We who happen to be blessed are not blessed so that we can just enjoy it all ourselves; we are blessed so that we may be a blessing to others. That sense of moral responsibility to those who are less fortunate than we has to return. If we don’t get that sense of moral responsibility so that others can receive some of the blessings and some of the goodness of the richest country in the world, we do ourselves a disservice. 
inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. What impacts one directly impacts all indirectly. What happens to people who are living below the poverty line directly will indirectly impact all of us. 
line and they are being paid a salary and they don’t get health care, they are going to get health care in the richest country in the world. It is just that it is going to cost us a lot more. When they live below the poverty line and they are working full time, they are going to get subsidies. Taxpayers are going to take care of that. 
you, taxpayers, who are listening to me right now. You are paying for it. They are not getting it on the job. We are paying for it. We are subsidizing very wealthy people by paying a minimum wage on the job and then providing subsidies for people from the Federal Government such that they can have a decent living in the United States of America, the richest country in the world. 
What impacts others indirectly impacts all directly. Health care, food subsidies, this is all coming out of the pockets of taxpayers. Why not have a wage that allows people to take care of themselves? 
reason to equate our net worth to our selfworth. That is unfortunate. We shouldn’t do it, but a good many people do. A good many people do. And a good many people don’t feel so good when they work full time and live below the poverty line, taking care of a family, playing by the rules. 
wage, that minimum wage is just a wage that you start out with. It is just a wage for young people. The statistical information does not bear that out. Unfortunately, too many people find themselves in minimum wage jobs for more than just a few months. 
If you think about it, a good many of 
you who are listening to this, you know people who have been in minimum wage jobs for years and years and years. You know people who are doing their best to make ends meet at $7.25 an hour. 
world, and 1 in 12 American households have these assets that I have talked about, have these investable assets of $1 million or more. I think that in such a rich country we should be able to allow people who are willing to work— willing to work; not people who are asking for a handout, but people who want to work, they want to earn their way through life—we ought to be able to pay them a decent wage. 
raise it to $10.10 an hour, far below what I think it should be; because I am of the opinion that it should be $15 an hour based on what Dr. King said in 1963 with that list of 10 demands, number eight, which was to raise it to $2 an hour, which, by today’s standards, is right at $15 an hour. 
I think it should be 15, but I don’t believe we will get 15 through the House, and I regret to say that. I support the bill that would raise it to $10.10 an hour. 
Living Wage Act, would raise it higher than $10.10 an hour and would index the minimum wage to poverty so that as the poverty rate goes up—at some period of time, I’m willing to negotiate what that period is—the minimum wage would go up, too; and we wouldn’t find ourselves on the floor trying to debate what the minimum wage ought to be, as we are doing currently. 
that there should be a minimum wage at all. There are some people who think that market forces should control. Well, market forces have, in this circumstance, produced some very unpleasant circumstances for people who are working and trying to make ends meet on jobs that pay what we will call entrylevel wages if we don’t have a minimum wage. 
we ought to raise the wage, and I think we ought to index it to poverty. The bill that seems to have more support, and I confess that it does, would index it to the CPI. I am not a hard person to get along with. I can live with indexing it to the CPI, but I do think that it should be indexed, and I do think that we should raise it. 
I say this to you, my dear friends, because Dr. King, who was so far ahead of his time—so far ahead of his time—was the preeminent fighter for those who live in the streets of life and those who are trying to eke out a living on little, who have learned how to take very little and do a lot with it, Dr. King was a fighter and a champion for these folk. 
I think that as we continue to celebrate the anniversary of his birthday— now, he is being recognized on the Mall, there is a statue on the Mall—I think we ought to go further and recognize what he asked for in 1963, and that was a living wage. I think that it is time for us to honor the request of Dr. King which has not, to this date, been honored; and let us let everybody work his or her way out of poverty. 
opportunity to speak, and I pray that you will continue to be strong and carry on. You have done a stellar job. What you are doing now, you don’t do for yourself. What you do now, you do for people you will never meet and greet, people that will never get to touch your hand, but they will be blessed by what you are doing to help them elevate themselves to a better standard of living. 
pray that you will continue to be strong and continue to carry on. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Congressman, it has been an honor to share this moment with you in this Special Order hour. It has been a blessing to me. Texas is very, very lucky and very fortunate to have you as a Representative. Florida must be very proud because you were born there. 
Thank you, and God bless you. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. God bless 
Speaker, I want to follow up on something that my colleague had alluded to, and that is the impact of low wages and the government’s need to subsidize. I think that he sort of spoke to it in a generalized way, but I would like to just share with you what I think happens with an individual and a family that has a $15,000 income. 
on the table, those Americans have to turn to food stamps. Since the jobs don’t come with health care, we have got to rely on Medicaid. Because $15,000 a year doesn’t pay for the rent in most cities, those Americans rely on lowincome housing or subsidized housing through Section 8 vouchers, or they are homeless and living in shelters. 
in children’s health insurance programs, and these families are getting support through Temporary Assistance to Needy Families, the TANF program. 
Fiftytwo percent of fastfood workers rely on public assistance programs; 46 percent of childcare workers rely on public assistance; 48 percent of home care workers rely on public assistance; and, Mr. Speaker, 25 percent of part time college faculty—highly educated adjunct professors—rely on public assistance. 
Federal Government spent $127.8 billion on working families in these programs. California spent almost $3.7 billion because of lowwage workers; New York, $3.3 billion; Texas, $2.1 billion; and Illinois and Florida both spent a little more than a billion. 
are uncharacteristically down on their luck or temporarily out of work or in some other moment of crisis. This money is spent on fulltime, hard working Americans who simply are working for corporations who maximize the CEO’s benefits at the expense of the workers’ salaries. 
Mr. Speaker, if my Republican colleagues are so adamant about reducing government spending, shouldn’t we be worried about why these folks are trying to work fulltime but still need food stamps to make ends meet? 
We have also spent a lot of time in 
this Congress debating tax breaks for the wealthy and for corporations. In fact, earlier this afternoon, we argued about whether or not the 5,000 or so 
only people who have enough money in their estates to qualify for the estate tax, should get a $2.5 million tax break. 
Every year, we let corporations deduct unlimited amounts of bonus pay for executives, regardless of whether or not the companies’ workers get pay raises or not, unlike that one special CEO who sees life differently and believes that to whom much is given much is required. 
Corporations have written off $66 billion between 2007 and 2010 while letting the lowwage workers who make up the rank and file of their companies struggle. 
a solution for this, requiring companies to raise wages for their workers if they want to keep qualifying for that tax break. It is a simple solution that wouldn’t mean companies suddenly have to raise pay for their workers; they just need to stop expecting the government to cover the exorbitant 
salaries of their executives if they can’t pay the rest of their employees a liveable wage. 
stand with the millions of workers fighting for 15. Lifting pay for low wage workers will boost their purchasing power, pumping more money into our economy and giving businesses the revenue to create more jobs. 
reduce government spending. Lifting pay for lowwage workers will open the doors to the American Dream for the millions who have already demonstrated that they are ready and willing to work and to work hard for it. 
the $15, these workers have already made their voices heard in the living rooms, the boardrooms, and the statehouses all across this country. It is time for D.C. to lend an ear as well. 
stand with those who are simply seeking a fair wage for the work that they do. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) is recognized for 60 
an honor for me to be here today with several colleagues to talk about and highlight a very serious environmental risk to our communities. 
embraced nuclear power as an inexpensive, clean, and nearly inexhaustible power source for our growing society; yet, in all that time, we have not yet addressed a key problem caused by nuclear power, and that is how to safely dispose of spent nuclear fuel. 
folks here, Mr. Speaker, and it is an honor for me to yield to my good friend 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Illinois’ indulgence in allowing me to speak on this important subject this evening. 
Washington district is the Hanford site, which has played a pivotal role in our Nation’s security and defense for decades. As part of the Manhattan Project, the Hanford site produced plutonium for the bomb that eventually brought an end to World War II, and continued work at the site was critical during the cold war. 
massive amounts of nuclear defense waste. Today, Hanford is the world’s largest and most complex nuclear cleanup site, with over 56 million gallons of radioactive and chemical waste in 177 temporary underground storage tanks. 
and a moral obligation to clean up this waste. The importance of Yucca Mountain cannot be overstated. Hanford is scheduled to send more nuclear defense waste to Yucca Mountain than anywhere else in the Nation. 
The highlevel defense waste at Hanford will be treated at the waste treatment plant, which is currently being constructed, to turn this waste into glass that can then be sent to Yucca. 
percent complete, and the glass produced will meet the geological specifications of Yucca Mountain; yet the Obama administration has moved the goalpost by illegally shutting down Yucca, which will take us back to square one and harm the already challenging Hanford cleanup. 
Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government has spent decades and billions of taxpayer dollars studying the right place for the repository. The conclusion was Yucca Mountain, the subject of one of the most thorough and extensive reviews of a major government project ever conducted. 
waste, and Congress has reaffirmed this fact many times over. There is no scientific reason why Yucca cannot and should not move forward. 
Mountain and was impressed by the substantial work that has already been completed. The development of the site has taken decades and has come at great taxpayer expense, costing Americans over $15 billion. 
Because DOE has failed to begin accepting used nuclear fuel, as required by contracts signed with the electric utilities that own the reactors, liability and settlement estimates now range from $13 billion to $50 billion—a blow to taxpayers and ratepayers—all due to the failure of the President to move forward with the legal repository. 
have the time or the resources to just start over. Doing so would change Yucca from being the Nation’s most secure national repository into a monument of government waste and all in violation of the law. After getting a firsthand look at Yucca, I can see why it was selected as the best place for our Nation’s defense waste and commercial spent nuclear fuel. 
has continued efforts to push ahead with its plan to circumvent Yucca, as well as the repeated affirmations by Congress that Yucca is the lawful repository. I look forward to working with my colleagues here in Congress— especially the members of the Nevada delegation—to ensure that the law is upheld and Yucca Mountain moves forward. 
may, you mentioned a statistic just a moment ago that was talking about the fact that because the government hasn’t moved forward with Yucca Mountain, the fact that we are actually paying to store this material all over the country to Exelon and other companies along those lines, it was anywhere between $15 and $50 billion. 
to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ). He is the dean of the Illinois 
delegation and someone whose leadership, when it comes to Yucca Mountain, has been extensive. 
He is certainly someone who understands what we need to be doing in terms of making sure this material gets off the shores of the Great Lakes and from our neighborhoods all around the country and put into a safe location about 150 miles from any inhabitant in Yucca Mountain. 
my colleague for the time and just for having this national debate. The State of Illinois is a large State with a lot of nuclear power. 
not only to have the power generated, but to have the jobs, highpaying jobs, to be located around our State and paying a lot of taxes to our local communities, our local schools, and the like. It would even be better if the Federal Government would keep its promise. 
Part of the movement to promote nuclear power was a promise by the Federal Government. In fact, they enforced a fee on those States that have nuclear power to go into a fund, the nuclear waste fund, to fund longterm geological storage. 
term geological storage? Why a centralized location? Because the world 
determined that one repository, one location, is better than 104, not counting defense sites—one geological repository—in other words, someplace in the ground—is better than above ground— or in the case that you are particularly concerned about, next to Lake Michigan. 
isn’t what you would think would be some sensitive areas, whether it is large lakes, large rivers, flood plains, and the like. The world community, the scientists, have all said: let’s get it all located in one place, and let’s put it in longterm geological storage location. 
law in 1982 called the Nuclear Waste Policy Act. It had 10 locations. The top pick in that location was Yucca Mountain; then they narrowed the list down to three. The top pick of the three was Yucca Mountain. Then the 1987 amendments to the Nuclear Waste Policy Act said: that is where we are going to send it. 
the greatest scientific minds in the world, this is the most studied piece of ground on the planet, has concluded, based upon a report by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission—an independent science commission of our government—said that, once Yucca Mountain is closed, it will be safe for 1 million years. That is a long time. 
debate again back into this country because it has always been a question of the science. Will the science prove it? We don’t know. We have to do the studies; we have to do the research. 
Well, fortunately, we were able to finally get the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to render the safety evaluation report which said, once closed, this site will be safe for 1 million years. 
Now, as you mentioned, Yucca Mountain is 100 miles from Las Vegas. It is in the desert. It is a mountain in a desert. It is 1,000 feet below the crest of the mountain. It is 1,000 feet above the water table. 
well, until you go out and visit, is it is surrounded by the nuclear test site, the 
place where our government used to test nuclear weapons. There is an Air Force base there, so the adjoining land around Yucca Mountain is all Federal land. 
get local buyin, local folks to decide, well, the Federal Government is the local folks in this case. 
just Yucca Mountain, but the need for communities around this Nation to start having this debate again because the Federal Government has already invested. 
We have a site. It is time to move 
forward. It is time to get the spent nuclear fuel, in your case, or the defense waste, like Congressman NEWHOUSE , it 
is time to get that in a single repository. Mr. DOLD. Can the gentleman shed a 
and not know who actually owns the nuclear fuel. Many people don’t realize that private entities can’t own this. This is actually all owned by the government. Private entities can use it for power, but the actual nuclear fuel rods, the spent nuclear fuel rods, are owned by the government. 
fuel; it is the government’s waste. You highlighted this earlier. When we don’t have a longterm repository to take the spent nuclear fuel or the defense waste—mostly, the spent nuclear fuel— we have to pay the nuclear utilities to hold that spent fuel because we have an obligation by law to receive that. 
Even from a fiscal conservative position, we should be moving forward. We should get a return on the investment of 30 years and $15 billion, especially since the NRC has said this location is safe; but then we should relieve ourselves from having to pay the additional cost to utilities for holding the 
Order and, of course, again talking about the local issues that are very important in your district, but they are important in districts all around this country. 
make that statement for the Federal Government to start doing what it is legally obligated to do. I am just happy to join you, and I thank you. 
Mr. DOLD. Well, I certainly appreciate your leadership, and it is great to have you speak on such an important topic. 
a safety issue; it is an economic issue— and one that we have to step up and solve. 
I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ), my 
good friend, who understands these issues and understands them very well. 
Mr. Speaker, I wish to discuss an important matter that we have heard tonight and talk a little bit about it more, that impacts both my home State of Texas and, as we have heard already, the Nation. 
and virtually inexhaustible fuel source. Many people rely on it. In fact, in Somerville County, Texas, Comanche Peak is a nuclear power plant that generates enough power to supply about 1.15 million homes in normal conditions and 460,000 homes in periods of peak demand. 
Nuclear waste, however, must be isolated for tens of thousands of years to safely degrade. Yucca Mountain—we have talked a lot about it tonight—is the official Federal nuclear waste repository and is the law of the land under the Nuclear Waste Policy Act. The Department of Energy has concluded that the repository would have little to no adverse impact on future populations or the environment; yet President Obama and HARRY REIDeffectively have delayed the Yucca program in 2009 without proposing any kind of alternative energy or energy strategy. 
plants across the United States, Comanche Peak in my district has been paying dues for storing waste, which some think could be as much as $30 billion which, of course, is simply passed on to its customers. That is what always happens. 
poses an environmental risk, a terrorism risk, and prevents communities from redeveloping the property. The facility at Yucca Mountain represents our best option to dispose of spent nuclear fuel in a safe, environmentally friendly, and secure way for centuries to come. 
Now, if we fail to act, we will continue to spend billions of dollars storing nuclear waste in a way that ultimately leaves our communities vulnerable to environmental disaster or terrorism. 
We cannot punt this problem to future generations. We have a habit of doing that. We need to find a solution, and we need to find that solution today. I believe we need the Federal Government to quit breaking promises to the American people. 
from Texas, and I certainly appreciate your leadership on this. 
is also an economic issue is this land, all of a sudden, can’t be redeveloped oftentimes; and, frankly, the property taxes for a lot of these communities can’t be developed to its fullest extent. 
be that constant drumbeat around the country and certainly in our communities, you know better than many in terms of what we need to do to create jobs, and this is one of the things that I think the government is falling short on. 
question about it. It is about jobs, and it is about growth. We need Yucca Mountain to come online, so we can begin to develop these properties and also protect the safety of America and Americans. 
again, it just highlights, Mr. Speaker, how many communities, how many sites we have around our country that are impacted by spent nuclear fuel, whether it could be defense or whether it be for civilian purposes. 
It is now my pleasure to yield to the 
gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ), my good friend. 
Thank you for yielding; and, Congressman DOLD, thank you for your leadership on this issue. 
Savannah River Site in Aiken and Barnwell Counties of South Carolina. I had the privilege of working with Congressman JIMCLYBURN , very bipartisan. A portion of this site is located in Allendale County, South Carolina. We have worked together on the issues relative to the Savannah River Site, which should be noted is where the defense waste is currently being placed. 
but it also is a consequence of victory in the cold war. I know that the persons who worked in the Savannah River Site are very, very grateful for the opportunities that they have had to provide for the protection of the American people, and it has been successful. 
because I am the only Member of Congress that actually worked at the Savannah River Site, so I know firsthand that it is really very professional, and it is also very environmentally sound. 
here. For me, it is due to the environment and jobs. The environment we know is in danger if we have different sites around the country that could be addressed. 
another distinction. I was very grateful to be the deputy general counsel of the Department of Energy in 1981 and 1982. The defense waste bill came up through that time. 
be a geologic formation to place the waste of our country, whether it be defense waste or whether it be commercial. It was determined—and I know that you will be going through this to explain—that, indeed, Yucca Mountain is ideal. 
any community, any State at risk, but we know well that Yucca would not be of risk to the people of the West, but it would be very sound, and it would be very environmentally secure, and it would also, indeed, help create jobs. 
have the Savannah River Site, but we also have another distinction. We are one of the most nuclearintensive States in the country. Nearly 60 percent of all the power that is produced in the State of South Carolina for almost 30 years has been nuclear. 
this is, and that is that we have reliable energy, we have green, clean energy, and we have a level of inexpensive energy, which has a consequence of promoting jobs. 
quite selfevident in our State. We have a circumstance with the providing of lowcost energy. South Carolina now—particularly with the development of the BMW facility at Greer, South Carolina, of all things—is the leading exporter of cars in the United States, creating jobs in our State, our region, but then providing for extraordinary export around the world. Additionally, South Carolina is the 
leading manufacturer of tires. Right next to the Savannah River Site is the Bridgestone facility, and this is a Japanese investment, over $1 billion. 
district I represent, is the Michelin facility. There are two plants adjacent to each other. I was there recently with Ambassador Gerard Araud of France because we appreciate the French investment. 
largest Michelin facility in the world, nearly 2 million square feet with nearly 2,000 employees. Again, this is because of the success that we have with nuclear power. 
grateful of a German investment. Continental Tires has just announced that they just completed a halfbilliondollar facility in South Carolina. Then we also welcome from Singapore the Giti Tire company, which has announced a quarterofabilliondollar facility to be located in the upper part of South Carolina. 
have safe, secure, clean energy. In fact, I want to commend the Obama administration. They actually have provided for the licensing of three new nuclear reactors in our country. 
facility at Jenkinsville, South Carolina, which is, again, adjacent to the district I represent in Fairfield County; and then directly across the Savannah River from the district that I represent is the Vogtle plant at Waynesboro, Georgia. 
of them will be so helpful to achieve the environmentally very important determination of a geologic formation. 
as the people of Illinois, the people of South Carolina, and also the people of Pennsylvania have, through their rates, paid over $1 billion into the fund to build Yucca, so our people are invested. 
We have done it in good faith, and we 
need to follow the law. The law is that, indeed, this be the geologic formation, which is safe for the American people and creating the opportunity for jobs. 
taken this so seriously. I want to commend our Governor, Nikki Haley. I also want to commend our Attorney General, Alan Wilson. They have actually filed a suit—and it was inspired largely by U.S. Senator LINDSEY GRAHAM and 
law. The law needs to be enforced. It would be beneficial to the people of our State, and it would be beneficial to our region of South Carolina and Georgia, but it would also be beneficial to the American people. 
I want to thank you for your leadership on this issue so the American people understand how environmentally sound this is, how positive it is, the energy that is being produced because of 
this, and then the potential for jobs, not just in our region but across the United States. 
from South Carolina for his insight. Certainly, he knows, in living close to and representing an area that is very close to the water there on the Savannah River, that it is very close to what my particular issue is with spent nuclear fuel being just a few hundred feet away from the greatest fresh surface water we have in the world. Ninetyfive percent of the world’s fresh surface water is in the Great Lakes. Storing that nuclear fuel so close, I think, is not only an environmental risk and a terrorist risk, but it is jeopardizing where 30 million Americans actually get their drinking water. It is really just a jewel of a natural resource and one that we need to protect, so I certainly appreciate your leadership. 
Mr. DOLD. Thank you, sir. Mr. Speaker, we have heard today 
from different people from around our country about the need for us to move forward with Yucca Mountain. Again, just highlighting some of the points: Yucca Mountain is 100 miles away from the Colorado River, further away from any inhabitants, sitting 1,000 feet above the water table, 1,000 feet below ground. 
to share with you a story about my district and, more specifically, about a portion of my district in Zion, Illinois. 
the shores of Lake Michigan. Yet, due to the obstruction of the administration, tons of spent nuclear fuel remain stored at Zion. It is stored on the shores of the Great Lakes, literally just a few hundred feet away from the shore where 30 million Americans receive their fresh drinking water. 
We need to make sure we do everything we can to protect what, I believe, is the jewel of our ecosystem in the Great Lakes, but so long as the fuel remains there, the city of Zion cannot use this site to bring in new businesses or new jobs on that site, and it continues to suffer from lost revenue from lost property taxes. The uranium that has been used in the nuclear reactors stays radioactive for tens of thousands of years. It stays radioactive after it has been removed from the reactor, and it must be isolated from the environment in order to allow it to safely degrade. 
Unfortunately, the Federal Government has not done its part to take charge. As we talked about earlier, Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government is the one that actually owns the fuel, so it is sitting now in our communities as opposed to going to a site we have spent nearly $15 billion researching and putting money into—Yucca Mountain. 
of the Federal Government has been to push forward with a longterm, deep 
in Nevada. Thirteen years ago, the Department of Energy determined that Yucca Mountain was the best and safest location in which to store America’s nuclear waste. Indeed, it is the law of the land, as we have heard tonight, and we have spent billions of dollars to study the site and get it ready to be able to store our spent nuclear fuel. 
dollars spent, nothing has been done on Yucca Mountain since this administration has taken office. The administration cut off funding for Yucca Mountain and ensured that nothing would be done to get this site ready—this despite the three decades spent studying the site and the over $15 billion spent. If we do not proceed, that money will be completely wasted. Further, the administration has failed to bring forward any kind of alternative, meaning that spent nuclear waste continues to sit in our communities where, I would argue, it should not be. 
produced over 71,000 metric tons of spent nuclear fuel over the past six decades, and while it has created jobs and clean energy, we do have an obligation to make sure that it is stored, and stored safely. We need to make sure that it is stored in a longterm facility. But, instead, spent nuclear fuel remains at plants at at least 75 nationwide sites, including at Zion. 
which affects not only Zion but the entire country. We can fund the Yucca Mountain project and ensure that we will solve the problem once and for all. If we don’t, the only alternative right now is to leave the waste where it is, stored in places like Zion, leaving both Zion and the drinking water for 30 million Americans vulnerable to an environmental disaster or to a terrorist event, leaving the residents of Zion with a large plot of land in the heart of their community that, frankly, we can’t use. 
is to tackle this problem today. We have seen the statistics out there, and as we look at what the facts are, the Department of Energy has determined that the deep geological disposal is the safest method to store spent nuclear fuel. 
in Zion, Illinois, on the shores of Lake Michigan, there are 65 casks containing 1,135 metric tons of nuclear waste— waste stored above the ground, about 5 feet above the water table and just a few hundred feet away from the shores of Lake Michigan. 
hand—a place where we have spent $15 billion, where our experts have said is the safest place for us—is where we actually tested a nuclear weapon. It is near an Air Force base. So, when people talk about the neighbors, as Congressman SHIMKUS talked about earlier, the neighbor is the Federal Government. The Federal Government 
owns the spent nuclear fuel. The Federal Government owns the land around it. The Federal Government owns the site at Yucca Mountain—Yucca Mountain, again, 100 miles away from the Colorado River. 
about would be 1,000 feet above the water table, because it is important that we protect our water, and 1,000 feet below ground. This is the ideal spot. Yet we have come not on science; this hasn’t been objected to by the scientific research. This has been objected to for political reasons. Frankly, I have to tell you, Mr. Speaker, the politics has to end because what it is doing is jeopardizing communities across our Nation. We should be transporting this spent nuclear fuel to the safest location possible to make sure that we are not putting our citizens at risk, that we are not damaging or potentially damaging the environment. 
The Department of Energy has concluded that the repository would have little or no adverse impact on future populations or the environment. These are key. So we are going to take a look at what the Department of Energy has to say and at the studies that have been done. Literally, Yucca Mountain is probably the most studied piece of real estate that we have in our Nation today. All of the studies that have come back say this is the spot at which we should be storing this spent nuclear fuel. Instead, it is staying all across the country at the cost to the taxpayers. 
nuclear fuel, and when it refused, according to the law, to take that nuclear fuel back and deal with it, we had our companies out there that basically said, Well, what are we supposed to do with it? So they sued on breach of contract, literally costing the taxpayers billions of dollars. We heard my colleague from Washington say that it could be as much as $50 billion that the hardworking taxpayers are going to pay to keep the spent nuclear fuel where we don’t want it to stay. 
Mr. Speaker, to step up and do the right thing. I, for one, am delighted to be able to be here today to tell you about the story of Zion, Illinois, but we recognize that this is a situation that is impacting over 104 different sites. We cannot afford to wait any longer. 
the building, Mr. Speaker, who are specifically holding this process up. We need to move forward. We need to make sure Yucca Mountain is approved, open, and, again, able to store this for up to a million years. It is the right thing to do, and I urge my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats— we have got those in the Illinois delegation to my south who rely on Lake Michigan. This is something that we should all be united behind. 
I am honored to be able to come up 
and talk about this, but I am also saddened that it has taken so long and 
that, if we do nothing, it will be potentially decades longer. This is unacceptable. The citizens of our country demand that the United States Government abide by the law and by its obligations to store the spent fuel at Yucca Mountain. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) for 30 minutes. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, in advance of D.C. Emancipation Day, and I know that it is not a national holiday, but it is, yes, a holiday in the District of Columbia. It commemorates the day when the slaves in the District of Columbia were liberated by the Congress and Abraham Lincoln 9 months before the national Emancipation Proclamation. 
freedom and equal citizenship have not yet come to the residents of the District of Columbia. 
You don’t have to be the Holmes family in the District of Columbia, who have lived three generations here paying taxes without representation. Indeed, my great grandfather, Richard Holmes, was a runaway slave from Virginia. When Lincoln and Congress freed the slaves 150 years ago, Richard Holmes was not freed, because he was a runaway slave rather than a slave whose master lived in the District of Columbia. So he had to wait the 9 months for the Emancipation Proclamation, but he was working on the streets of Washington like a free man as they were building Washington. He became free, but his great granddaughter—grateful for all that my family has done—cannot say that we are free today. 
those of us who are longtime residents. It will come from those who moved to D.C. yesterday, from those who are not three generations here but who are one day here, when they find that their rights are gone, that the rights they had in every State of the Union have vanished except for a few. 
can’t vote for whoever represents them on this House floor. They have Congress interfering with their local business. This will astonish the average American, and most Americans have no idea this is the case for the 650,000 residents who live in their Nation’s Capital. People have taken for granted that the vote that is emblematic of statehood would follow them—I don’t know—from Utah and California, from 
Alaska and Maine to the District of Columbia when they moved here. They had no idea that their local budget, for example, which is a budget raised exclusively in the District of Columbia, 
Government kicking it around—indeed, that it would even be in the Congress. 
Columbia is not a mere commemoration. It is not like George Washington’s birthday. It is alive with a fervor against this rank injustice that I have begun to speak about this evening. I am going to speak about the injustice, but I am also going to talk about progress because we have been encouraged—we who live in the District of Columbia—and the many allies we have to fight as we begin to make some substantial headway. 
Americans—obtain their full rights by going through a citizenship ceremony or by simply being born here. All you have to do to have your full citizenship rights, when all is said and done, is to pay taxes. You don’t even have to have participated in all of the Nation’s wars or any of the Nation’s wars the way the residents of the District of Columbia have done ever since the first war, the war that created the United States of America. You don’t have to have paid all the taxes ever since you have been in the Union of states the way the District of Columbia residents have. 
statehood simply comes with where you live, and that is what has not happened to us. Where do we live? We are proud to live in the Nation’s Capital. There, you would expect rights to flourish first and foremost. 
do understand I have the vote in committee, and I am very grateful for that vote because it does allow me to carry home some important benefits to the District of Columbia, but what I don’t have is the right to come to this floor and have the same vote that each of my colleagues has on business that affects the District of Columbia and the Nation. 
of Columbia, our own budget comes to Congress; and every other Member, who had nothing to do with raising the funds, gets to vote on that budget, but not the Member elected by the people of the District of Columbia. How painful it is that I have been able to speak on a number of wars that our country has entered, most recently Afghanistan and Iraq, have gone to Arlington to bury those killed, residents killed in those wars who went to war, secured the vote for residents of Afghanistan and Iraq but came home to find no vote or, in the case of those who died, did not come home at all. 
where ‘‘federalism’’ is the byword. Indeed, I understand why, because nothing was more important to the Founders than their own local laws and keeping the Federal Government, which was then kept deliberately weak, out of their affairs. What mattered to them was what was most local. So the very notion of interfering with the local 
business of a jurisdiction of any kind was unthinkable for our Framers. 
this localism, this thing that says that there is territory and there are laws, there are habits for you only. They will differ vastly across the country, but that is your prerogative; that is the prerogative of statehood. That is why the residents of the District of Columbia seek to become the 51st State, and know it will happen. Perhaps later than sooner, but it must happen because of the principles I have begun to describe. 
called out and continue to be called out internationally, because we have signed treaties where we are now in violation. We are in violation of a treaty we signed in 1977, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. The Human Rights Committee, the U.N. Human Rights Committee, has called us out once again as it did in 2006, and they recited the reason for it. 
The Human Rights Committee, looking at what has been done or, as it turns out, not been done said, and I am quoting them, the United Nations delegation to the U.N. ‘‘remains concerned that residents of the District of Columbia do not enjoy full representation in Congress, a restriction that does not seem to be compatible with article 25 of the covenant.’’ 
quote from it entirely, but it says that the treaty we signed requires that we ‘‘adopt such laws or other measures as may be necessary to give effect to the rights recognized in the present covenant.’’ 
What are those rights? In this covenant, in this treaty that we the United States has signed, says all persons are ‘‘equal under the law and are entitled, without discrimination, through the equal protection of the law. In this respect, the law shall prohibit any discrimination and guarantee all persons equal and effective protection against discrimination on any ground,’’ and then they name the grounds. Here are the grounds: ‘‘such as race, color, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth—and here is the one that applies to the District of Columbia and its residents—‘‘or other status.’’ What is our other status? That we reside in our own Nation’s Capital—and for that reason, and that reason alone, are denied equal rights with other citizens of the United States of America. 
is getting a right and then having it taken from you. Even that has happened to the residents of the District of Columbia. Shortly after I was elected to Congress, I wrote a memo indicating that since, as a Delegate, by rules of the House, I could vote in the Committee of the Whole, it followed that I should be able to vote in the Committee of the Whole when it meets on this floor. The Democrats were in control, but even they said: We must send this to outside counsel. Nobody from the District of Columbia has ever voted on this floor. 
said that the District of Columbia votes by rule in committee, so by rule, yes, if the majority pass a rule, the District can vote on the floor of the House of Representatives. That rule was passed. Every time that the Democrats are in power, I get to vote on the House floor—by no means on all business, but certainly on business in the Committee of the Whole, and some of that really affects and is important to the District of Columbia. It is not the whole and complete vote. It is not what we are entitled to. 
from us when we pay taxes without representation? But sure enough, when 
my good friends on the other side of the aisle write their rules, they write the District right out of the rules and take from us a vote that we have actually exercised on the House floor with the concurrence of the Federal courts of the United States. Right after we were granted that right and after I began to exercise it, my Republican colleagues actually sued the Congress for giving the District the vote in the Committee of the Whole. The District Court said: It is your discretion. What 
Congress has done is legal; the matter is legal and constitutional. And the Congress—the Republicans, not the Congress, took their suit against the Congress, the Democratic Congress to the Court of Appeals. The Court of Appeals, the Federal Court of Appeals said: Yes, what Congress has done is legal, in its discretion and constitutional. And I proceeded to vote. 
I think it is probably unheard of except in coups or dictatorships to snatch a vote or a right that someone once held, but that is what happened to the residents of the District of Columbia. No wonder there is rage in the city about such treatment. 
Now, you might say: Well, there surely must be some reason why the residents of the District of Columbia don’t have the vote. No one has found any such a reason yet. They have only found reasons why we should have the vote. 
small to have the vote. After all, you are only a city. Well, a city is whatever you call it, so is a State. But if the size determines that you have the vote, then Vermont and Wyoming should not have the vote because we have more population than either of those two States. 
Those are the states where we have notably more residents than they have. We have more than 650,000 residents. But there are more than half a dozen States that are in the same range of population as the District of Columbia and have a Representative—no more than one, just like the District of Columbia has one in this House—and two 
Who would say that that is fair? And yet if you look down to the 
states with comparable population, the first tier that are almost exactly like the District of Columbia: North Dakota, Alaska, Vermont, of course, and Wyoming. And then there is another tier that are above us but very close in population: Delaware and South Dakota. I want them to keep their vote, and I want them to keep their two Senators. All we are asking is that District of Columbia residents be treated equally. 
preparation for Emancipation Day tomorrow, April 16. I began with two important, what I call debtpaid, paidin full obligations of citizenship. The first is participation in the armed services— although we know nobody is required to participate in the armed services today—and the second is payment of taxes. Pretty much today, April 15, if you have earned enough money, even a relatively small amount, you are going to have to pay some taxes. 
It is hard to say which of those is 
most important. They all, of course, surround citizenship. Both support our government: those who go to the service, those who pay their taxes. I won’t say what is most important, but I started with military service for a reason: anyone who enters the service, especially today, does so voluntarily, knowing she is taking personal risk of her life. 
important to our country that undocumented immigrants have been granted citizenship by serving in the Armed Forces, and that has now been formalized. Young people who grew up in the United States but came with their parents as undocumented children without any legal status have always joined the armed services. In recognition of that, our country has now said that, at least for those who have special language or medical skills, if they join the armed services, after 6 months they can apply for citizenship. 
are placing on service in the Armed Forces, a premium that is more than deserved, and yet there is no cognizance taken of the fact that our residents who lived in the District of Columbia since its formation in 1801 have fought and died in the armed services; and even before that they fought in the Revolutionary War that led to the formal formation of the United States and the District of Columbia. So by any measure, District of Columbia residents have gone beyond the call of duty in serving their country and earned the right—earned, earned painfully, with their lives—the full right to be treated as full and equal citizens of a State. 
the 51st State has been tragically earned. In World War I, there were more casualties from D.C., this small 
territory than three States; in World War II, there were more casualties from the District of Columbia than from four States—and it only rises. 
casualties than from eight States of the union, almost all of which were larger in size and had more population. The Vietnam war, where we have the very most casualties—more men and women were killed than from 10 States in the Union. 
service in the Armed Forces. The District of Columbia was not a majority African American city until almost 1960. Today, it really is not a majority African American city. I grew up in a city that was largely White. 
history, the District of Columbia was a segregated city, segregated by the Congress of the United States. I went to segregated schools, for example; yet look at how residents of the District of Columbia who had no vote of any kind at that time, had no home rule government. The city was run by three commissioners—no mayor, no city council, nobody to go to who was responsible to you—yet look what its residents did. 
general was born and raised in the District of Columbia. The first African American Air Force general was also born in the District of Columbia. 
Academy graduate was born right here in the District of Columbia. The first African American Air Force Academy graduate was born in this city. The roster continues into recent years, where we had the first Deputy Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard and the first African American female aviator in the D.C. National Guard. 
haven’t paid their dues and then some; yet I have sometimes had some difficulty getting our armed services personnel duly recognized. 
mother who wrote me—and I thank this Congress for helping me to correct this injustice. It may seem small to you, but it didn’t seem small to my constituents. They are the parents of Jonathan Matthew Rucker, a D.C. native high school graduate who then proudly joined the Navy, instead of going to college. 
Great Lakes. His parents went to see him graduate. Tomi Rucker, his mother, is an investigator with the D.C. Fire and EMS Department. His father, Michael Linwood Boyd, is a sergeant in the Special Operations Division of the D.C. police department. 
graduation from naval boot camp. The Navy called out the names. As the name of each young person was called, the Navy raised the state flag. The name of Jonathan Matthew Rucker was called, and no flag was raised. Why? What in the world? What could they have been thinking, that we 
weren’t a State, so the flag shouldn’t be raised? 
good Republican friends, was also amazed. I very much appreciate that they passed my bill that was attached to the Defense authorization bill that the Armed Forces now must display the D.C. flag—and we learned only with the visibility of this incident that there were D.C. veterans who had come home from wars and, every flag was raised, except the D.C. flag. 
I must tell you, I think it was because D.C. is not a State, for God’s sake. At some point, you just have to draw the line. Just make us a State, and maybe those kinds of things won’t happen. 
Every State had a World War I memorial—paid for by people in that State— so was ours, 100 percent. Indeed, they collected money even from schoolchildren. 
to take our D.C. War Memorial—because it happens to be located on the Mall—and convert it into a national World War I memorial because there is no World War I memorial on the Mall. 
not only in treasure, but in the lives of almost 500 D.C. residents. I thank my Republican colleagues for working with me to maintain the D.C. War Memorial. The D.C. World War I memorial had become, really, a war memorial for all D.C. veterans. 
my colleagues so that we would get a real World War I memorial that could be respected. That means there is going to be a wholesale redevelopment of the Pershing Park, which many always considered a World War I memorial. 
It is not located on the Mall, but it is 
located right in a prime location on Pennsylvania Avenue, near the White House, and we were able to come to a compromise, the kind of compromise that makes the world go round and makes this House look good. 
my Republican colleagues came forward with any number of bills. Some were worthy bills, bipartisan bills. Some were nonsense. Some were just straight out demagoguery. My colleagues are very concerned with tax cuts, even bills this week. 
Many will be surprised about the District of Columbia and taxes. This is one of the great unknown factoids of the United States. Residents of the District of Columbia, per capita, per resident, pay the highest taxes in the United States, Federal taxes, more than any Americans. 
lowest per capita, at just about $4,000, compared to our $12,000. If you go to my Web site, you will find out where your State stands. 
I will go down the top 10: the District 
of Columbia, Connecticut, New Jersey, Massachusetts—this is in rank order, 
by the way—Maryland, New York, Nevada, Wyoming, New Hampshire, and California. 
The largest States—let’s take California and New York—they each pay in the $8,000 range. D.C. is $12,000 per capita. This is all per resident. 
Rhode Island—we are $12,000, and they are at $7,000. We are at $12,000 per resident, and in Vermont, they are $6,000. North Dakota is at $6,000. Montana is at $5,000. 
Those are the States with small populations, so population can’t be the cause. The cause is that the District has middleincome people, rich people, and, yes, because it is a big city, poor people, and when you add it all up, Uncle Sam gets more than his due without D.C. getting statehood and the rights that come with it. 
bucketload of injustice. Only statehood can end no vote for the Member from the District on this floor, no matter what the bill, even if the bill is about the District of Columbia. Only statehood can end the outrage of bringing the District’s local budget for Members to vote on who have nothing to do with it and have contributed not one penny to it. 
Only statehood can keep this Congress from interfering with the local laws of our local jurisdiction, using their own preferences to overturn the democratic will of the legislature of the District of Columbia. 
made progress. This is a country that makes progress slowly, so we are not about to give up. We are trying to get the elements of statehood even as we try to get what we are entitled to. 
Budget autonomy—so that our budget won’t have to come here—was not only in the President’s budget, but my bill for budget autonomy was in the Senate appropriations bill last Congress. They put it in their budget. That, I am afraid, did not pass because we cannot get yet the kind of consensus we need from the House. 
The residents of the District of Columbia want to have sole dominion over their own money. That is $7 billion that we raise ourselves in the District of Columbia, so residents put it to referendum. 
The city was sued after that referendum which passed by almost 85 percent of the vote. Now, that is in court to see where it goes. But residents are not going to give up. If they can’t get statehood, they are trying to get any part of it that they can. 
also been introduced in the House and the Senate so that our local laws don’t have to come here, for example. 
have had on the floor for Emancipation Day. I want to leave you looking forward, not backward. We are overjoyed by making some progress. We know that, ultimately, the denial 
of rights will be seen as unAmerican, especially when that denial concerns the residents of our own Nation’s Capital. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 42 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, April 16, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2014 Performance Report to the President and Congress for the Biosimilar User Fee Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1133. A letter from the Chief Human Capital Officer, Department of Energy, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Policy Advisor, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of The President, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, 5 U.S.C. 3349, regarding a vacancy in a Senate confirmed position in the Office of Management and Budget; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Corps, transmitting the Corps’ FY 2014 report, pursuant to Title II of the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Equal Employment Opportunity, U.S. Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting the Board’s No FEAR Act Data Tables for FY 2015; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final 
Conference of the United States, transmitting for consideration the proposed ‘‘Criminal Judicial Procedure, Administration, and Technical Amendments Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting a report titled ‘‘Department of Justice Activities Under the Civil Rights of Institutionalized Persons Act FY 2014’’ pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1997f; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the ‘‘2012 Regional Partnership Grants to Increase the 
WellBeing of and to Improve the Permanency Outcomes for Children Affected by Substance Abuse: First Annual Report to Congress’’, as required by the Child and Family Services Improvement Act, Pub. L. 11234; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 373. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Secretary for good Samaritan searchandrecovery missions, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–75, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 404. A bill to authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska (Rept. 114–76). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 533. A bill to revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–77). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 984. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the feasibility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Train, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–78). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1168. A bill to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before foster care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–79). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1324. A bill to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 80). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 979. A bill to designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’ (Rept. 114–81). Referred to the House Calendar. 
and Government Reform. Oversight Plans for All House Committees (Rept. 114–82). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committee on Agriculture discharged from further consideration. H.R. 373 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
BLACK , Mr. R EED, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
H.R. 1795. A bill to require the Commissioner of Social Security to make publicly available online tools to allow individuals eligible for disability benefits to assess the impact of earnings on the individual’s eligibility for, and amount of, benefits received through Federal and State benefit programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
land located within the Rainy River Drainage Basin in Minnesota from all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws, location, entry, and patent under the mining laws and operation under the mineral leasing laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Mr. FATTAH , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. W ALBERG ): 
H.R. 1797. A bill to facilitate effective research on and treatment of neglected tropical diseases, including Ebola, through coordinated domestic and international efforts; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1798. A bill to prohibit the Department of the Treasury from assigning tax statuses to organizations based on their political beliefs and activities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1799. A bill to amend the Real Estate 
Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to prohibit certain financial benefits for referrals of business and to improve the judicial relief for certain violations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1800. A bill to require the Commissioner of Social Security to update the medicalvocational guidelines used in disability determinations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1801. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a tax credit for providing programs to kindergarten, elementary, and secondary students that promote 
economic and financial literacy; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1802. A bill to promote energy efficiency; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1803. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the work opportunity tax credit for veterans and to allow an exemption from an employer’s employment taxes in an amount equivalent to the value of such credit in the case of veterans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
MATSUI , Mr. K IND, Mrs. L OWEY , and 
H.R. 1804. A bill to protect the public, communities across America, and the environment by increasing the safety of crude oil transportation by railroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
STEFANIK , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
and Nationality Act to simplify the petitioning procedure for H2A workers, to expand the scope of the H2A program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
PALAZZO , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. K NIGHT , 
H.R. 1806. A bill to provide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific discovery, and development to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment demonstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1808. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend certain expiring provisions for 1 year; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. D OGGETT , and Mr. L EVIN): 
H.R. 1809. A bill to prohibit the award of 
Federal Government contracts to inverted domestic corporations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Crime Reports, and the National Incident Based Reporting System, to direct the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to include information in those reports pertaining to law enforcementinvolved justifiable homicides, and for other purposes; to 
By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. V ARGAS , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
H.R. 1811. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make improvements in the oldage, survivors, and disability insurance program, to provide for cash relief for years for which annual COLAs do not take effect under certain cash benefit programs, and to provide for Social Security benefit protection; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 1813. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to tax bona fide residents of the District of Columbia in the same manner as bona fide residents of possessions of the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
DINGELL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H UFFMAN , 
RUIZ, Mr. T AKAI, Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
H.R. 1814. A bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
pinyonjuniper related projects in Lincoln County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, and to provide for the implementation of a conservation plan for the Virgin River, Nevada; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1816. A bill to exclude from consideration as income under the United States Housing Act of 1937 payments of pension made under section 1521 of title 38, United States Code, to veterans who are in need of regular aid and attendance; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1817. A bill to prohibit the provision of 
performance awards to employees of the Internal Revenue Service who owe back taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Health Service Act to provide grants to States to streamline State requirements and procedures for veterans with military emergency medical training to become civilian emergency medical technicians; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1819. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an exception for certain publicprivate research arrangements from the business use test for purposes of determining private activity bonds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico (for himself and Mrs. L UMMIS ): 
of the Interior to retire coal preference right lease applications for which the Secretary has made an affirmative commercial quantities determination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1821. A bill to provide certain protections from civil liability with respect to the emergency administration of opioid overdose drugs; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1822. A bill to extend the supplemental security income program to Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, and American Samoa, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1823. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the mortgage interest deduction with respect to boats only if the boat is used as the principal residence of the taxpayer; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1824. A bill to repeal the current Internal Revenue Code and replace it with a flat tax, thereby guaranteeing economic growth and fairness for all Americans; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1825. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration to prohibit certain employees of the Transportation Security Administration from using the title of ‘‘officer’’ and from wearing metal badges or uniforms resembling those of law enforcement officers; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 1826. A bill to reauthorize the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1827. A bill to allow funds under title 
II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to be used to provide training to school personnel regarding how to recognize child sexual abuse; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1828. A bill to provide a taxpayer bill 
of rights for small businesses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1829. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to assess and submit to Congress a report on the ability of the Department of Homeland Security to convey information to, collect information from, and serve individuals with limited English proficiency; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
sense of the House of Representatives that a Global Marshall Plan holds the potential to 
demonstrate the commitment of the United States to peace and prosperity through poverty reduction in the United States and abroad; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
JONES , Mr. H UDSON , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
LEE, Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. T ROTT ): 
the 2015 national champions, the Duke University Blue Devils, for their win in the 2015 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
for designation of June 2015 as ‘‘National Men’s Cancer Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for designation of May 13, 2015, as a national day of celebration of the diversity in the United States, known as Diversity Day in the Nation; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
RUSH, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. 
the administration, staff, students, and alumni of Roosevelt University on the occasion of the University’s 70th anniversary; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
for designation of April 2015 as ‘‘National Learn to Swim Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1795. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 1796. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing powers.’’ 
H.R. 1797. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1798. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers; and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof 
H.R. 1799. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 3. 
H.R. 1800. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 1801. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power To Lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the Common Defence and general Welfare of the United States[.]’’) (This bill would provide a tax credit to entities that implement financial literacy programming for students—empowering said students, and in turn, improving the nation’s ‘‘general Welfare.’’). 
H.R. 1802. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 1803. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1804. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 1805. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 and 4, of Section 8, of Article I. 
H.R. 1806. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1807. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF 
CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 1809. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 of the 
H.R. 1810. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1811. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
by Steward Machine Company v. Davis and by Helvering v. Davis (‘‘general welfare’’ and general taxation). 
H.R. 1812. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1813. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, US Constitution: To exercise exclusive Legislation in all 
Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dockYards, and other needful Buildings 
H.R. 1814. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1815. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 1816. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 1817. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which states 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1818. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
According to clause 7 of Section 9 of Article I of the Constitution, Congress has the authority to control the expenditures of the federal government. 
H.R. 1819. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 and the 16th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico: 
H.R. 1820. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
H.R. 1821. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1822. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution such power, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regulations respecting the U.S. territories, as enumerated in Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1823. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises; as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1824. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1825. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Per Article 1 Sec 8 of the Constitution: To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1826. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1827. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
H.R. 1828. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imports and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare for the United States; but all Duties, imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ 
H.R. 1829. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 174: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mrs. 
H.R. 237: Mr. C OOK, Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
H.R. 249: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Ms. 
H.R. 333: Mrs. B EATTY and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 453: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. K ELLY of 
H.R. 577: Ms. G RAHAM and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 605: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. P RICE of 
H.R. 619: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. F RELING HUYSEN . 
H.R. 692: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. B UCK, 
Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 721: Mrs. R OBY, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
H.R. 793: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 797: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
H.R. 820: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. L IPINSKI, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. K USTER , 
Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. N OLAN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. G RIFFITH , and 
H.R. 868: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. 
H.R. 880: Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. J ONES , and 
H.R. 923: Mr. S ESSIONS and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 928: Mr. B UCK, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. C ONAWAY , and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 980: Mr. S CALISE , Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. 
H.R. 985: Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. N OLAN . 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 1087: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona and Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
DELBENE, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. P AYNE , and 
H.R. 1274: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
BARR, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1312: Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. T IPTON, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. D ENT, Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 1324: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. S MITH of 
BEYER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and 
H.R. 1365: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 1415: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. D EUTCH , 
H.R. 1421: Mr. M EEKS and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1476: Mr. M ERCHANT , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. G IBBS, and Mr. R ICEof South 
H.R. 1568: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 1605: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1635: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and 
MULVANEY . H.R. 1651: Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
H.R. 1674: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1688: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. B LUM, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Ms. 
H.R. 1695: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. P ALAZZO , 
H.R. 1713: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1714: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. G ARRETT , and 
H.R. 1734: Mr. K IND, Mr. K INGof New York, 
H.R. 1737: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. B ARR, Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. 
H. J. Res. 43: Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. F LEMING , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. D UNCAN  
of Tennessee, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 14: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, 
Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. R IGELL , and Mr. A LLEN . 
H. Res. 28: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Miss R ICE 
H. Res. 54; Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. K ILDEE. 
H. Res. 130: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2185 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 2015 No. 54 