an honor for me to welcome to the United States Capitol a tremendous community and spiritual leader, Pastor Randy Bezet, who led us in the opening prayer this morning. 
Pastor Bezet is the senior and founding pastor of Bayside Community Church, which has several campuses located throughout my district. His church has been at the forefront of strengthening, encouraging, and serving the people of Sarasota and Bradenton, Florida. The pastor is an inspirational leader who mentors young pastors who are also passionate about revitalizing and restoring local churches in their communities. 
pastor and his church do in southwest Florida. It is a great honor and a privilege for me to welcome the pastor before Congress today. 
today for a very special occasion, to wish my grandmother, Edna Yoder, a 
happy 104th birthday. That is right. She is 104 years of age. The Lord has 
blessed my grandmother with great health and longevity, and I cannot be more thankful for her or proud of my grandmother on her birthday this upcoming Sunday. 
made America such a strong and vibrant nation. Born in 1911 and one of 14 children, she worked tirelessly on the farm, milking cows at dawn and bringing in the wheat harvest in the hot Kansas sun. 
seen good times over the past 104 years with a front seat to the great American century, but through it all, her faith in God and love of family define her life. She is a sweet, caring, and loving woman who continues to inspire me each and every day in so many ways. 
United States House of Representatives, I wish you a very happy 104th birthday. 
strong support of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which is set to expire in less than 100 days, unless Congress takes action. 
We have a generational responsibility to protect our Nation’s remaining natural wilderness areas for our children and grandchildren. For over 50 years, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has been an instrumental tool in this effort, and it has been used in almost every single county in the United States. 
recreational areas and preserves our treasured natural and historic landscapes. It does not cost taxpayer 
deficit. In fact, according to a recent economic analysis, every dollar invested in the conservation of public lands through the LWCF leads to $4 in economic activity to local communities. 
supporting the permanent reauthorization of the LWCF, ensuring that it remains one of our Nation’s most successful conservation tools. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
time to personalize and modernize our healthcare system and bring it into the 21st century. 
21st Century Cures Act to pass bipartisan reforms that will accelerate the discovery, development, deployment, and delivery of lifesaving and lifeimproving techniques and cures. 
The 21st Century Cures Act is the result of bipartisan work to ensure that our regulatory system keeps pace with the advances we are seeing in our science and technology fields. 21st Century Cures will make a difference in people’s lives. 
are only 500 FDAapproved treatments. By removing barriers to research and development, by modernizing clinical trials, and by incorporating more patient perspectives, we can more effectively develop treatments and cures to fight cancer, Alzheimer’s, and other diseases that affect millions of Americans. 
we will have the opportunity to help bring the newest, cuttingedge medical technology to the people who need it the most. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
standing here today because the clock is ticking. Today is the last legislative day to prevent the shutdown of the ExportImport Bank and avoid disaster for our economy. 
I have in my hand, sir, a letter regarding dozens of businesses in my district, the 14th District of Michigan, that rely on the ExIm Bank. It is clear the dire consequences if Congress does not act. 
million in exports and nearly 600 jobs just in my district. This year alone, more than half a million dollars has been financed for businesses in the 14th District. All of this was done at no cost to our taxpayers. To reduce the deficit, to create more 
jobs, to remain globally competitive, we must reauthorize the ExIm Bank. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today in honor and in memory of Washington State University president, Dr. Elson Floyd, who passed away on June 20, after a courageous battle against cancer. 
Washington. He embodied the values we seek in our leaders. He was visionary. He was kindhearted. He was a fearless and passionate advocate for higher education, our region, and our State. He had the gift of making our dreams seem possible and of turning our aspirations into a reality. 
and call him friend. During this difficult time, my prayers continue to be with his wife, his children, and the whole WSU family. Together, Washingtonians are inspired and will carry on his legacy. 
Thank you, Dr. Floyd, for your tireless work. Rest in peace. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to join my many colleagues in highlighting the urgency of reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank. 
in New Castle, Delaware, called V&S Delaware Galvanizing. This small business employees 60 hardworking Delawareans. Their jobs depend on the financing provided by the ExportImport Bank. The failure to authorize the Bank would be a failure to support and protect these and many other jobs in Delaware. 
things here in America, if we are serious about providing good middle class jobs to people who need them, if we are serious about creating an economy that is built to last, we will reauthorize the ExportImport Bank before it expires next week. 
the country. It sustains those jobs, and it also reduces the deficit. Last year alone, the Bank returned $700 million to the United States Treasury, and it supports 160,000 U.S. jobs. 
and it never has been in the past. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to come together and take action today to ensure that the ExportImport Bank can continue to grow our economy and create jobs across our country. NEGOTIATIONS WITH IRAN 
(Mr. GIBBS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
a week, the deadline for the administration’s negotiations with Iran will pass. Many people, including myself, have serious concerns about the status and the outcome of these negotiations. 
to the Middle East, especially to our closest ally, Israel. I remain skeptical of Iran’s commitment to disarmament and transparency. 
that must be addressed for this to be a good deal for America and Israel. 
One, unrestricted access to inspection locations on short notice—inspectors must be given complete access at any time and at any place for verification inspections. 
of its previous activities and efforts towards a nuclear weapon. 
place until Iran complies and proves its compliance, and we must show commitment to a robust response to any violation. 
and it must not include the development of and access to nuclear weapons. 
Finally, any negotiations must include provisions that require Iran to dismantle its program completely with no path to a weapon in the future. 
are met should Congress and the American people even consider a deal with Iran. 
colleagues today in supporting equality and dignity for every American regardless of whom one loves. 
make an historic decision about the rights of LGBT couples and families, and it is my hope they will respect that each of us deserves as an American citizen the ability to have a family and to love whom one loves. 
how important it is for all families to access the protections of civil marriage so they can live with more certainty and dignity even in challenging times. 
we will keep pushing so people in loving, committed relationships throughout this Nation can say two simple words with extraordinary meaning: ‘‘I do.’’ We will keep fighting to ensure that people don’t face discrimination based on whom they love. 
Let me close with the words of President Kennedy, who said: ‘‘In giving rights to others which belong to them, we give rights to ourselves and to our country.’’ 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to add my voice in support of Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. 
Today, 5.3 million Americans are living with Alzheimer’s, including 200,000 who are younger than 65. When you include dementia and other brain diseases with Alzheimer’s, the number of diagnoses is nearly on par with cancer diagnoses. 
sixth leading cause of death in the United States, and of the top 10 causes of death, Alzheimer’s is the only one that today cannot be prevented, cannot be cured, and cannot be slowed. 
Yesterday, the House Appropriations Committee approved an initial funding bill for the Department of Health and Human Services that provides a $300 million increase over last year’s level for Alzheimer’s research at the National Institute on Aging. 
Additionally, the committee continues its support for the Peer Reviewed Alzheimer’s Research Program at the Department of Defense. 
bills pending in the House, including the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act, are a testament to the strong advocacy that we have been witnessing on Capitol Hill and throughout the country, but we must continue to do more. 
in this fight and join me in raising awareness of this most critical national health concern. 
1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
a resolution constituting a question of the privileges of the House. 
the bill (H.R. 1735) entitled ‘‘To authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes’’, in the opinion of this House, contravenes the first clause of the seventh section of the first article of the Constitution of the United States and is an infringement of the privileges of this House and that such bill, with the Senate amendment thereto, shall be respectfully returned to the Senate with a message communicating this resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolution presents a question of the privileges of the House. Without objection, the resolution is 
the right to object, only to say I do not object. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan withdraws his reservation. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1295, TRADE PREFERENCES EXTENSION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 338 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1295) to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adoption without intervening motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), my 
friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
rule which would allow for an upor down vote in the House on the Senate amendment to H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act, so that it 
can be considered by the full House; and, if the bill passes, it will head to the President’s desk along with the trade promotion authority for the President’s signature. 
after passage of this rule renews the Generalized System of Preferences program, extending the African Growth and Opportunity Act, and reauthorizes Trade Adjustment Assistance, known as TAA. 
House today represents a promise to Congress made by Speaker BOEHNER  
and Senate Majority Leader M CCONNELL . After House Democrats voted 
down TAA last week, the House considered and passed TPA, with a bipartisan majority, and sent it to the Senate. In the meantime, the Speaker and the Senate majority leader promised that they would ensure that both TPA and TAA receive votes in the House and the Senate. 
Senate yesterday delivered it, when it passed TPA 60–38, which is now headed to the President’s desk for his signature. The Senate also passed the Senate amendment to H.R. 1295, which will be considered today under the rule which we are speaking about. The final legislative step is for the House to consider the Trade Preferences Extension Act, and that is exactly what the rule will do. 
This rule and the underlying bill represents the end of a long process to deliver trade promotion authority on behalf of the American people. Mr. Speaker, it is a Republican agenda about jobs. By passing TPA, the House and the Senate proved to the world that America is willing to lead and to stand for jobs and interaction between great countries to help lead in the 21st century. We believe in the rule of law, we believe in intellectual property, and we believe in an opportunity for consumers to have the best products, wherever they are around the world, at a great price. 
partner nations have indicated that they are now ready to begin the negotiation to bring their best deals to the table. As these negotiations heat up, it is vital that the administration follow the requirements of TPA, some 160 separate, specific items which this House and the legislation very clearly talks about. It will lead negotiation to a deal that is good for the American people. If the administration violates that promise, the House can turn off TPA and stop the process. 
the President is required to make public the text of an agreement for 60 days before the President seeks approval to it. The President must then submit the final text of any trade agreement to Congress 30 days before it gets a vote. Because of this important transparency feature of TPA, the American people have seen a better process than 
months to read the text of any deal before Congress votes on it. 
retains its right to vote up or down on any agreement. So if the President brings us a bad trade deal, we can and we would vote that down. This ensures that Congress, and only the U.S. Congress, can change and agree to any law or agreement that is made that becomes U.S. law. 
has learned from some States, like my home State of Texas, which benefit greatly from trade. Trade supports over 3 million jobs in Texas, and last year Texas exported $289 billion worth of goods and services to trading partners around the globe. Because of the process Congress has gone through the past few weeks, we can ensure that the growth, the availability of better jobs, and highpaying opportunities lie ahead for the American people. 
difficult to create jobs in this country, we will, through trade promotion authority and these trade deals, offer new and great opportunities for more jobs and to build more American products and to sell more products around the globe. 
yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman very much for yielding me the time, but the procedural jockeying that has unfolded before us does a disservice to our Chamber, to our economy, and to our Nation. 
Members to offer amendments, without clear consideration, and without, certainly, robust debate, the bills have bounced from one Chamber to another, jumped back and forth between in every iteration that can be cooked up. 
disservice not only to the bills, but to the people it will impact, and I think even to the House of Representatives. Thomas Jefferson, who authored the legislative manual that guides our procedure, would be pained to see the path by which these trade packages have come to the floor. 
this body have been shut out, shut out from reading the text of the TransPacific Partnership that has now been fasttracked, and we are not being able to discuss it with our constituents. 
It is not just the American Representatives that have been silenced, either. The trade deal is upending legislative bodies across the world, and particularly in another great democracy involved in this agreement—Australia. The people’s representatives in Australia could not look at this bill, even though they had great concern that PhRMA was going to do great harm to their own health system in Australia as well as in New Zealand. They couldn’t even go to see about that unless they signed a paper that 
they would not discuss it for 4 years. So, two of the great democracies on the planet working on this trade bill, the United States and Australia, basically shut out the people’s representatives from knowing what it is that we are even talking about today. 
the text of an article about the Australians, an article from The Guardian from June 11, titled, ‘‘Leaked Trade Deal Terms Prompt Fears for Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme.’’ 
Pacific Partnership agreement (TPP) shows the megatrade deal could provide more ways for multinational corporations to influence Australia’s control of its pharmaceutical regulations. 
‘‘transparency and procedural fairness for pharmaceutical products and medical devices’’ uncovered the draft agreements regarding medicines between the 12 TPPA member countries. 
announced a vote on Friday that may provide Barack Obama a fasttrack authority to complete the agreement with Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. The countries represent 40% of the world’s economy. 
out the draft rules for member countries regarding medicines under national health care programs, in Australia’s case, the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS). The TPP has yet to be signed off. 
trade deal will provide access for Australian products to other markets. But it requires Australia to trade off regulations that stop access by other countries and particularly multinational companies to the Australian market. 
likely to include Investor State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) clauses, will allow big corporations to sue Australian governments. Philip Morris International is currently challenging the former Labor government’s tobacco plain packaging laws under a Hong Kong trade treaty ISDS. 
Trade experts leaped on the rare information release regarding the secret but wide ranging trade deal. Deborah Gleeson, a lecturer at the school of psychology and public health at La Trobe University, said the inclusion of an annexe on health ‘‘serves no useful public interest purpose’’. 
‘‘It sets a terrible precedent for using regional trade deals to tamper with other countries’ health systems and could circumscribe the options available to developing countries seeking to introduce pharmaceutical coverage programs in future,’’ Gleeson said. 
Jane Kelsey of the faculty of law of the 
University of Auckland described the annexe as one of the most controversial parts of the TPP in her analysis. She said the US pharmaceutical industry was using the trade agreement to target New Zealand’s Pharmaceutical Management Agency (Pharmac), equivalent to the PBS. 
the processes and decisions of agencies that decide which medicines and medical devices to subsidise the public money and by how much,’’ Kelsey said. 
‘‘This leaked text shows the TPP will severely erode Pharmac’s ability to continue to deliver affordable medicines and medical 
devices as it has for the past two decades. 
subsidised, or people will pay more as co payments or more of the health budget will go to pay for medicines instead of other activities or the health budget will have to expand beyond the cap. 
pharmaceutical companies will win and the poorest and most vulnerable New Zealanders will lose.’’ 
AMA president Brian Owler said while doctors were very concerned at the possible effects on Australia’s healthcare systems, they were constantly dismissed by the trade minister Andrew Robb. 
effects on health, the only response is ‘we are not going to undermine the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme’,’’ said Owler. 
Dispute Settlement (ISDS) mechanism and there are issues in terms of patents that would affect pharmaceutical prices. 
dismissed by the trade minister but we do not know what is in the text.’’ 
government would not accept anything that would adversely affect the PBS, the health system more generally, or increase the price of medicines for Australians. 
benefits that will flow from a more seamless trade and investment environment across 12 countries representing 40 percent of global GDP,’’ Robb said. 
sets of trading rules will help support growth, create new jobs and result in higher living standards.’’ 
to see the TPP draft by Robb if they agreed to a four year nondisclosure agreement. 
group has formed, including Greens senator Peter WhishWilson, Labor MP Melissa Parke and independent senator Nick Xenophon. 
as he refused to agree to the terms of the agreement, said the latest leak suggested the Australian PBS could be undermined. 
closed doors, without the scrutiny of the parliament,’’ he said. 
deserve to be reassured that the government won’t allow any deal which drives up the public health costs for Australian taxpayers such as further subsidising important new medicines including biologics.’’ 
the past fortnight, WhishWilson questioned officials from the department of foreign affairs and trade about the strategic importance of the TPP to the United States. 
the whole purpose was to indicate a ‘‘ramped up US presence in Asia’’. 
to the United States in terms of its rebalance, because it is an important step in relation to the economic engagement of the United States with the region, and the whole purpose of the rebalance was to indicate a ramped up US presence in Asia, and a recognition of the importance of Asia in broader US geostrategic thinking,’’ Varghese said. 
as an instrument for locking anybody out— in fact, quite the contrary.’’ 
western New York have been silenced because I don’t go see a trade bill if I can’t discuss it with them. 
absolutely no Member input, with the exception of the Committee on Ways and Means. Now, the Senate had plenty of opportunity for amendments, and they were plentiful. Many of them were accepted. They also had robust debate, but not the House of Representatives. The opportunity in the Committee on Ways and Means to offer amendments did not result in acceptance of any Democratic amendments. 
and Republicans, alike, came to the Committee on Rules with ideas to try to make the trade package better. They ranged from currency manipulation to labor standards to environmental fixes to the investorstate dispute settlement, but one by one they were shut out. 
the investorstate dispute settlement, where three lawyers will be allowed to adjudicate all cases brought against any of the participating countries, in many cases resulting against change in their laws. I should note that the House of Representatives, in fear of all this, has already voted to do away with country of origin labeling. 
we have had in so many weeks on trade, we are being asked to vote on two separate bills packaged into one vote. On one hand, we have Trade Adjustment Assistance, or TAA; on the other hand, we have the African Growth and Opportunity Act, or AGOA, which most of us have supported. The other part of this is a bill that was trounced in the House of Representatives. We find ourselves in the position of supporting the African Growth and Opportunity Act at the same time of a vote that most of us have voted against, the TAA. 
untenable and goes again the mores of the Chamber. And as we see, when the process is strained, the bills suffer, but most of all, the people we represent suffer. 
up a lot of good issues. We have been on the floor talking about this bill for a long, long time: hours of debate up in the Committee on Rules; hours of debate not only in the Committee on Ways and Means, but also watching the United States Senate for weeks work through this issue. 
understands that any final trade deal will result in our ability to see in writing—and the public—this document; and the gentlewoman knows and understands it is simply not true if we try and say that we can’t see what is in the bill, we don’t know what is in the bill. Plenty of time, plenty of time to do 
that has not yet been negotiated? I wouldn’t do that. And whether the administration has handled this entire process well or not may be up for speculation, but I find it hard to criticize. Any Member of Congress was given an opportunity to come and read what exists today. This is not the final deal. Members of Congress have not seen the final deal because it has not been negotiated. When it is negotiated, when whoever the President is brings a trade deal back to the United States, to the United States Congress, we will be able to see it. 
Secondly, very specifically, Chairman PAULRYAN of the Committee on 
Ways and Means put in the law that any Member of Congress may take part in any of the trade talks as they evolve around the country. Members of Congress are allowed to do this, and I think that it is a real advantage to have more authority for Members of Congress of rules and regulations, putting us into the process to where we are a part of understanding not only what we would be voting on, but the importance of us being involved throughout the process. 
do understand that the rules and regulations that have been added, not every Member of this House would like them, but I felt like they were important. I would like to just go through some of those very quickly. 
One of them is that we are not going 
to allow any part of a trade deal to end up as an immigration deal. That is the wrong thing. This should be about trade, not about immigration. 
Secondly, it shouldn’t be about climate change, and we specifically said it cannot be about climate change. 
Lastly, we said that for our own authority—and I think the constitutional bounds are there for us to say that—if there are any changes in this document, those changes have to come through Congress for us to approve them. 
we have in the House would be for those rules, but I believe that they are in the best interest of this body. 
of making sure that the way the world sees us is that we work together from a democracy, a republic perspective; that we work back through the things that we agree to in law, in bilateral deals, would have to involve the United States Congress. It would have to involved the United States Senate and the President and us working together. 
TPA, that is exactly what we will do. I think it is well balanced. I think it is really a work of art that Chairman RYAN has crafted, along with our colleagues in the Senate, and I am proud of that. I reserve the balance of my time. 
What the gentleman said sounds wonderful, and so we are all going to have an opportunity to do it, but we have not been in on the negotiation. All we know about it is what has come through WikiLeaks, that it is being negotiated mainly by financial services and pharmaceutical companies. 
passed both Houses, once that is done, the administration can do the trade bill itself in perfect secrecy, and we will not know it until it comes to the House. At that point, all we can do is vote up or down. It is my sincere hope that we vote it down. 
saying I have the utmost respect for the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ). I have worked with him on 
other issues where we have agreed. That is not the case today. 
I also know that there will be Members of the majority and Members of the minority that have a different opinion than I do on this matter, and it 
does not mean I have less respect for them; it just means we have a difference of agreement on this one bill. 
Now, when I first met my wife, I was 
an ironworker. I worked as an ironworker for 20 years. Then I went to law school and became an attorney. Then I ran for office and became a politician. My wife says it has been one disappointment after another. 
opportunity to work at the General Motors facility, the auto plant in Framingham, Massachusetts. That was just before they made a decision to close that plant, close a couple in Michigan, and move them over the border to Mexico. I have seen the effect that that has had on local communities where that has happened. 
stronger America. That is why I oppose this bill. Our trade agreements negotiated under fast track have had a continual pattern of exporting American jobs overseas. That is just the fact of the matter. 
former union president, a Democrat, an ironworker would oppose a bill. The object of this bill is to provide public assistance to workers after we send their jobs overseas. That is the object of this bill. When their jobs are exported, we will give them public assistance and some training for a new job. 
that surprising, but I can only draw on my own experience. I always felt that I would rather have my Representative fighting for my job than coming up with a public assistance program to support me after I lost my job. 
That is why I am here on the floor 
want them in the fight to protect their jobs, not to give them public assistance after they ship their jobs overseas. That is as simple as I can describe. 
people. I think I understand the American worker. I have been there, and this does not do the job. 
have to go to a secret location here on the Capitol Grounds. I had to give up my cell phone and my iPad. I had to give them my pen. I was not allowed to bring any paper. I can’t take notes. They bring in a big box with the bill, and they sat it down in front of me, and they let me read it. They do not allow me to talk to the people who sent me here about what is in that bill. 
That is not right. That is undemocratic. There is a reason they don’t let me talk about that bill to the people I represent and everybody else in this Chamber—because they would not like it. They would tell you: Do not pass this bill; it is going to cost our jobs and our kids’ jobs. 
though, as the gentlewoman from New York spoke, are industries like the chemical industry, the pharmaceutical industry. They are all drafting sections of this bill; yet the people who represent American workers are kept out of the process. 
Later on, we will be able to vote up 
or down, but we cannot fix this bill. Unlike every other bill that comes to this floor that we are allowed to amend, we cannot fix this bill. We have to vote it up or down, and that is not right. That is not right. If we see a problem, we should be able to fix it. 
I was listening to a guy the other day 
talk about the fact that we shouldn’t really worry about not having manufacturing jobs in America anymore, that we have a service economy. He described it as a Starbucks economy. 
next guy; I like my grande latte, but the Starbucks economy does not work unless you have someone who can walk into that store and pay $4 for a cup of coffee. This is not good for America. 
last night on PBS, and they talked about, after the Second World War, the world called America ‘‘the arsenal of democracy’’ because our industrial might, our manufacturing capacity, allowed us to marshal resources and save the world. 
We have continually exported millions and millions and millions of American manufacturing jobs in the industrial capacity. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. 
Second World War as the arsenal of democracy because we did save the world. Today, when the world looks at us after we have exported millions of 
manufacturing jobs and industrial capacity overseas, I think they look at America and say: You know, in America, they can make us a good cup of coffee if you can pay $4 a cup. 
sending America. I have the utmost respect for my friends on the other side of aisle. Democrats on my side of the aisle are going to support this. We have to get America’s Representatives, Members of Congress, back in this fight. We have abnegated our responsibility. 
bills on this floor and over in the Senate, nuclear regulatory issues, bankruptcy—very complicated issues—war and peace; yet we can’t negotiate this trade deal. We have got to leave it up to multinational corporations. That is flat wrong. America wants their Representatives back in the fight on this issue. 
of TPA and let the American workers have a voice on the floor of this House of Representatives on this bill. 
The gentleman, my friend from Massachusetts, is a great man and a very dear friend, but I would respond and say to the gentleman that you are going to have an opportunity, and I can’t wait to get you invited to every single round of these and have you find time to go do exactly what you think Members of Congress ought to be doing because, in fact, that is the way the TPA is written. 
Now, we haven’t agreed to it yet because it has not been signed by—well, that has—but this whole process. As soon as that takes place, the gentleman will have all the opportunity he wants to go and take part in every round of the discussions. 
elected for. I don’t believe we were elected to go and have to do all the work that is described that the gentleman said to get back into the fight, to go offer the trade deals, to go do the negotiating. 
be given that chance every single day. As soon as it is signed by the President, he can go at it. He can maybe even just tell the President he wants to do this for a fulltime job; I don’t know, but he will have that opportunity. 
that same chance. He and every Member will have a chance to go and negotiate, be in the room, be a part of the discussion, and make sure all these big, multilateral corporations that he talks about that will be in the room—which they won’t be because that would not be the right thing. There would be ethics violations. I am sure the White House, the executive branch, can notify him of that, but he will be allowed as a Member of Congress. 
being talked about most as negative points about this bill, there is already 
an answer to it. That is what Republicans did. 
about the authority of the House of Representatives, the United States Congress, to make sure we are involved. That has never been allowed before. 
That is what we did have. We now have a bill before us today which will help us complete the entire process, to make sure Members of Congress are involved, not just the United States negotiator; but all the world will know the piece parts about how we are going to negotiate the trade deal. If it doesn’t come back that way, we will vote it down. 
today? I don’t think so, but if any Member wants to be involved in this, they can just get on their plane and go wherever they want and get it done. By law, they will be allowed that opportunity. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
I have great admiration for Mr. SESSIONS . We truly are good friends, and I 
know that he is absolutely sincere when he says that every Member of Congress is going to have input now into this bill that has not even begun. 
If there is no bill, then why is everybody talking about going to read something? For goodness sake, when you passed the TPA, we have passed fast track. You can’t say we are not operating under fast track. 
I hear that all the time, and it really 
grates on me because fast track is what was passed here and in the Senate that gives to the administration the ability to negotiate that. 
It will come in here, and we may be 
reading all of it—if we have the ability to do that—before we vote; I am not even clear about that. But I do know that they negotiate it; it is brought over here, and we get to vote ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no.’’ We don’t amend it. There will be nothing that we can say about it, and we are stuck with it. 
Not only do we have fast track, but it 
is not just until the expiration of President Obama’s term; it is for years beyond, so a future President can do whatever they please because the Congress gave that authority to the executive department. Why? I don’t know. 
bill. I hope everybody understands that. When they passed TPA here the other day, they were doing it for years to come. 
I will try not to repeat the arguments that the gentlewoman has put forward, but I do have to say that there is about 8 pounds of bill over there at a secure location, as I spoke of before, 
that I can’t talk about it in public because I am precluded from doing that. I would violate the rules of the House and the classified status that has been accorded that material, so I can’t really talk about it. 
Like I say, there is probably, I am guessing, about 8 pounds of document there that you have to read. It is largely aspirational. In other words, I will paraphrase without disclosing any classified information. It largely says the parties will aspire or engage to do blah, blah, blah. It is largely unenforceable. 
We are negotiating the biggest multinational trade agreement in the history of the United States. You have got some countries that I think are reliable partners and that we have a history with. 
Canada, even before free trade agreements, we had trade agreements with Canada. They have the rule of law there. It is not a race to the bottom with Canada or with Australia or with New Zealand. 
I think we have rule of law established in those countries. But we also, in the same agreement, are negotiating with Vietnam. 
when we talked issues, I sat down across the table from a bunch of Communist generals. They run the country. They have problems with prison labor. They have problems with child labor. They have serious problems with environmental standards in that country. 
Malaysia, do you know what the minimum wage in Malaysia is? Zero. They do that to try to attract companies. 
have organizers that have tried to work on behalf of workers who have been killed in those countries. There is no rule of law established in those countries where we have had success in enforcing our agreements. That has been a major problem. 
worker to compete with workers in Vietnam, who get, I think it is 90 cents an hour, 97 cents an hour—I don’t want to sell them short—97 cents an hour in a country that has had a history of major problems, as I have spoken about. Malaysia, the same thing. 
And on the issue of who has drafted this bill, it is my understanding that the chemical industry provisions in that TPP were drafted by the chemical industry. They like it. They got exactly what they wanted. The same thing with these other industries. 
that I can’t talk about a bill that is going to affect every American citizen today? And not only that, it is going to affect their sons and daughters. 
There is a reason that our kids coming out of college can’t get jobs. We have got to wake up. 
Korea recently, with JPAC. It was about the Korean war and recovering 
our sons and daughters who fought in that country and are still there. But while I was there, I looked for American cars because we had passed a free trade agreement with Korea. We were there for days. I had two young Navy lieutenants with me. I said, Let’s all look for American cars. 
time we were there in Korea. It is a big industrial country. They have got plenty of traffic. We saw hundreds of thousands of cars. I saw two American cars: the one I was driving in from the Embassy, and the one that the Navy lieutenants were driving in behind me. They have shut us out. 
the same story. I said before, you need to hire a detective to find an American car in Japan. 
enforcing our trade agreements overseas. We have got a lousy deal. 
So all I am asking is, look, I believe 
in—and you know what? I have to say, the EU did it right. The EU, when they negotiated with South Korea, they said: If you are going to sell cars into the EU from Korea, we want 30 percent of the components in that car to be made in the EU. And they created a lot of work for their auto parts industry. 
Congress could do that. We could maintain that, if they are going to sell a foreign car here, we want 40 percent or 50 percent of the components to be manufactured here in the United States. We would create millions of jobs in the United States. There is nothing wrong with that. It is a good thing. We would restore industrial and manufacturing capacity in the United States if Congress got back in the game. 
free trade works when it is balanced. I want somebody in there fighting for the American worker. We don’t have that now. We don’t have that now. Congress has abdicated its responsibility by agreeing to buy a pig in a poke because, when they bring that bill back on the floor here, we are going to have to vote up or down. 
the bill like you do on every other bill that is brought on the floor of Congress. You will not have that ability. Congress will have abdicated its responsibility to represent the people that sent them here. 
fair deal for the American worker. That is all I am asking for. 
If there were a fair deal for the American worker that I could read and talk to my constituents about—you know, I have got 727,514 bosses back in Massachusetts, and they sent me here to do my job, and I am trying to do that on their behalf. I think that every other Member of Congress is trying to do their job as well. We can’t do that if TPA goes through. We need to give the American worker a voice, and we can do that today. Let’s vote this stuff down. Let’s talk 
to the President. He is a good man, wants to create American jobs. Let’s have an open debate. It should not be a secret. It should not be a national secret about these agreements we are having with multinational corporations. We should not be afraid that the American people might find out what is going on here. 
doing here. We should want it plastered all over the front pages of the newspapers in this country. We should be proud of our work here. 
I can’t be proud of what is going on 
right now, and so I urge my colleagues to vote against it. Vote this down. Let’s change this system to a transparent system that the American people can be assured that their Representatives in Congress are doing the right thing. 
once again, appreciate the gentleman for coming to the floor and speaking directly with you and all of his colleagues about the importance of this bill and, really, the problems he has with it. 
know, Mr. Speaker, that the number one selling car in Korea is an Americanmade car. We signed a trade agreement in 2011 with Korea. The Toyota Camry from Georgetown, Kentucky, the Toyota made in Georgetown, Kentucky, is the number one selling vehicle in Korea starting last year. 
Now, there may not be a lot of them 
necessarily where the gentleman visited in Korea, but that is a fact; and the gentleman from Georgetown, Kentucky, ANDYBARR, who is a Member of 
this Congress, has talked about this for a long, long time. 
United States engages with them, we end up with surpluses, and it is better for the American worker. The trade agreement jobs pay 30 percent more than the nontradeassociated jobs in this country; and by virtue of what we are doing we are trying to get a trade deal now where Japan would be involved because we do want Japan to open up their marketplaces. But where we have these agreements, that is what happens. The American worker wins. 
land. The question we have today is whether we are going to include in that package the last parts of this, which would be TAA, which do give, if there is a difference as a result of the trade deals where an industry, where a town, where a group of people were ‘‘harmed,’’ then the law would be there for retraining. 
I think that is the right vote. That is 
back, even though, by and large, this concept was turned down by the Democratic Party, from the very top of their organization to the bottom. That is why Speaker BOEHNER understood the 
said the right thing to do is to bring it back; let’s see if we can repackage it. Let’s see if we can take a little bit of time, measure three times, saw again, see if we can get it right. That is what we are trying to do. 
gentleman has been speaking of is already the law of the land. The question is will this last piece be a part of it. 
morning must certainly cause great confusion in the minds of America. Let me restate what has happened here. 
authority, TPA, for 6 years. It goes beyond this President’s term and covers 4 years of another. Why that happened, I am not really clear, but it certainly is something we have given away our right to negotiate trade agreements, which, by the way, the Constitution gives us the ability to do. 
Congress of the United States will not be writing that trade bill. That is purely in the hands of the Trade Representative and the Executive Department of the United States. 
have, is to vote up or down on whatever they present us. What a sad day it is. 
And I want to agree with Mr. LYNCH . 
The very fact of passing this bill is an admission and knowing that we are going to lose jobs. 
New York is just now starting to regain its footing after NAFTA. You have heard me say it a million times. Eastman Kodak, one of the iconic companies in the country—in the world, actually—went from 62,000 employees down to foreign bankruptcy. What we have got, also NAFTA has put us, the losses there, as the fifth city that is under the poverty line in the United States. 
heart to think that my constituents are going to have to be facing this again, because people who have voted for all this don’t seem to understand what it is that they have done. 
myself the balance of my time. I appreciate my colleagues, the gentleman from Massachusetts, the gentlewoman from New York, for their engagement today. 
number one car, the car of the year in Korea in 2013: Toyota Camry, made in Georgetown, Kentucky. I have had 10 people text me trying to give me more information about what a great opportunity this is for American workers. 
about. It is about the jobs opportunity and a fair proposal, not just by the administration, not just by the House and the Senate but, really, a Republican 
bill for jobs. This is a jobs bill, a jobs bill that will allow the American worker to have new boundaries, new opportunities to go out in. 
don’t travel very much. But I will tell you that I know from the stories that come back, people want American made products. They want American made, everything from jeans all the way to hightech products. They want American products because of the reliability of the American workers, because of the stability of America, and we have got a great opportunity with this final piece, part of this trade agreement to move it forward. 
going to look back and say, Wow, what did we do great? And you can mark it just like they do this year, 2 years ago, looking back to the Toyota Camry, number one in the Korean market. 
for, I think, just an upordown vote— it is really simple—to Senate amendment H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act. By passing this rule today, we can move on. The House will have an opportunity to consider the bill, and it will head to the President’s desk, this package of bills to the President. 
forward to the debate that will follow on the real substance of the bill. 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
Speaker, I have a privileged resolution at the desk. 
Whereas on December 20, 1860, South Carolina became the first State to secede from the Union; 
Whereas on January 9, 1861, Mississippi seceded from the Union, stating in its ‘‘Declaration of Immediate Causes’’ that ‘‘[o]ur position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery – the greatest material interest of the world.’’; 
Whereas on February 9, 1861, the Confederate States of America was formed with a group of 11 States as a purported sovereign nation and with Jefferson Davis of Mississippi as its president; Whereas on March 11, 1861, the Confederate 
States of America fired shots upon Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina, effectively beginning the Civil War; 
Whereas the United States did not recognize the Confederate States of America as a sovereign nation, but rather as a rebel insurrection, and took to military battle to bring the rogue states back into the Union; 
Lee surrendered to General Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Court House in Virginia, effectively, ending the Civil War and preserving the Union; 
Whereas during the Civil War, the Confederate States of America used the Navy Jack, Battle Flag, and other imagery as a symbols of the Confederate armed forces; 
Whereas since the end of the Civil War, the 
Navy Jack, Confederate battle flag, and other imagery of the Confederacy have been appropriated by groups as a symbols of hate, terror, intolerance, and as supportive of the institution of slavery; 
and other white supremacist groups utilize Confederate imagery to frighten, terrorize, and cause harm to groups of people toward whom they have hateful intent, including African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Jewish Americans; 
leaders, including United States Senators Thad Cochran and Roger Wicker, along with Mississippi House Speaker Philip Gunn and other State leaders, have spoken out and advocated for the removal of the imagery of the Confederacy on Mississippi’s state flag; 
Whereas many Members of Congress, including Speaker John Boehner, support the removal of the Confederate flag from the grounds of South Carolina’s capitol; 
statement on the issue saying, ‘‘I commend Governor Nikki Haley and other South Carolina leaders in their effort to remove the Confederate flag from Statehouse grounds. In his second inaugural address 150 years ago, and a month before his assassination, President Abraham Lincoln ended his speech with these powerful words, which are as meaningful today as when they were spoken on the East Front of the Capitol on March 4, 1865: ‘With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation’s wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations.’’’; 
several State flags with imagery of the Confederacy throughout its main structures and House office buildings; 
symbols of the Confederacy offend and insult many members of the general public who use the hallways of Congress each day; 
recognized in its hallways the symbols of sovereign nations with whom it has gone to war or rogue entities such as the Confederate States of America; 
hatred, oppression, and insurrection that nearly tore our Union apart and that is known to offend many groups throughout the country would irreparably damage the reputation of this august institution and offend the very dignity of the House of Representatives; and 
the House and its Members constitutes a violation under rule IX of the Rules of the House of Representatives of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress: Now, therefore, be it 
Representatives shall remove any State flag containing any portion of the Confederate battle flag, other than a flag displayed by the office of a Member of the House, from any area within the House wing of the Capitol or any House office building, and shall donate any such flag to the Library of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolution presents a question of privilege. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California is recognized for 1 hour. 
time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
for bringing this resolution to the attention of the House. 
am a big believer in the committee process to discuss all issues that come before the floor, especially one of this importance. I think this resolution should be referred to the Committee on House Administration to give other Members an opportunity to weigh in. 
lived his entire life in the State of Mississippi and has had to endure a symbol that represented bigotry, hatred, and everything this country is not, I am convinced that an effort to remove this flag from the hallowed Halls of the House of Representatives is the right thing to do. 
We know the secessionists’ motivations behind the Civil War, and my ancestors were those individuals who were held in bondage against their will. 
not identify with symbols of hatred and bigotry. That flag, those symbols should be put in a museum. They should not be flown under any circumstance where there is freedom and dignity in this great institution of ours. 
I know it is a hard choice for Members to do, but I saw what happened in Charleston, South Carolina, last Wednesday. The whole world saw it, and they did not like it. This is one step toward getting us healed as a Nation. 
churches burned in my district. I have had men and women killed for trying 
to do the right thing; yet, when I see people trying to defend that way of life which that flag represents, this is not who we are as an institution. 
resolution. I understand where we are with it, but I have issues with it. 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER ), the distinguished chair of the Committee on House Administration. 
Speaker, I certainly thank the majority leader for yielding the time. 
colleague from Mississippi, I certainly was moved personally just listening to him speak now; and I listened to him last night when he offered his privileged motion. 
House Administration is looking forward to hearing more from Representative THOMPSON , as well as all of the 
congressional delegation from the great State of Mississippi, on this resolution. As well, our committee, of course, would want to have an opportunity to hear from all of the elected representatives at the State level of the great State of Mississippi. 
We want to say that we sincerely appreciate Representative THOMPSON for 
offering his privileged resolution and to assure the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Speaker, that our committee will give this measure every serious consideration and every thoughtful consideration. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the motion to refer. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion to refer will be followed by 5minute votes on adoption of House Resolution 338 and the motion to suspend the rules on H.R. 1615. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 240, nays 184, not voting 9, as follows: 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Texas and D ELBENE, Messrs. HASTINGS, CLAWSON of Florida, SERRANO, and JOHNSON of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the motion to refer was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for rollcall vote No. 385 on H. Res. 
341. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Stated against: Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
earlier today, I was unavoidably detained in a meeting with constituents and missed recorded vote No. 385. Had I been present, on rollcall No. 385, On the Motion to Refer the Thompson (MS) Resolution to the Committee on House Administration, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 25th, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 385. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on the Motion to Refer the Thompson (MS) Resolution to the Committee on House Administration. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1295, TRADE PREFERENCES EXTENSION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on adoption of the resolution (H. Res. 338) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1295) to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 251, nays 176, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline 
Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Gohmert Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal 
Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 25th, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 386. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on agreeing to the resolution, H. Res. 338, Providing for consideration of a Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015. 
people’s House is only as good as its people, and I would like to take a moment to recognize a very wellrespected member of our staff. 
Tim Harroun, the manager of the Republican cloakroom, is retiring after 41 years of service. 
you factor in that Tim started here as a page on September 5, 1972, under Republican leader Gerald R. Ford; but his first fulltime job was in the post office. Then he moved to the cloakroom, 
where he has been a steady presence ever since. 
Now, you all know Tim is a good guy 
and, frankly, quite a character, and he wears the worst ties of anybody here. 
great success because you are the kind of guy who works hard and gives back. So, on behalf of the whole House, I want to thank you for your long and distinguished service, and I wish you and your wife all the best. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, as someone who has not served here as long as Tim—but for a pretty long time—I have gotten to know him very well when I have wandered across that side of the aisle. He always receives me with a very gracious attitude and is always very, very helpful. He has been a wonderful fellow worker on the floor of this House with all of us on this side of the aisle as well. 
thanking him for the service that he has given to this House and to this country, and I wish him the very best in the future. 
objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1615) to direct the Chief FOIA Officer of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in the implementation of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 423, nays 0, not voting 10, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) 
Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce 
Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton 
Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) 
Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 25th, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 387. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1615, the DHS FOIA Efficiency Act, as amended. 
pursuant to House Resolution 338, I call up the bill (H.R. 1295) to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted, insert the following: 
dutyfree treatment for articles of beneficiary subSaharan African countries under Generalized System of Preferences. 
investment ties between subSaharan Africa and the United States. 
articles as eligible articles only for leastdeveloped beneficiary developing countries under Generalized System of Preferences. 
taxpayers electing to exclude foreign earned income from tax. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘AGOA Extension and Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
and Opportunity Act has been the centerpiece of trade relations between the United States and subSaharan Africa and has enhanced trade, investment, job creation, and democratic institutions throughout Africa. 
African Growth and Opportunity Act, promote economic growth, development, poverty reduction, democracy, the rule of law, and stability in 
Saharan Africa has more than tripled since the enactment of the African Growth and Opportunity Act in 2000, and United States direct investment in subSaharan Africa has grown almost sixfold. 
engage and compete in emerging markets in sub Saharan African countries, to boost trade and investment between the United States and sub Saharan African countries, and to renew and strengthen the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
United States is enhanced by strong economic and political ties with the fastestgrowing economies in the world, many of which are in subSaharan Africa. 
integrate subSaharan African countries into the global economy, stimulate economic development in Africa, and diversify sources of growth in subSaharan Africa. 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466b) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
‘‘SEPTEMBER 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘S EPTEMBER 30, 2025’’; 
FOR DUTYFREE TREATMENT FOR ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY SUBSAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
performed in one or more such beneficiary sub Saharan African countries or former beneficiary subSaharan African countries shall be applied in determining such percentage.’’. 
such modifications as may be necessary to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) to add the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘D’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS for each article classified under a heading or subheading with the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘A’’ or ‘‘A*’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS. 
506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a) is amended— 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a), as so amended, is further amended— 
after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the President shall establish a process to allow any interested person, at any time, to file a petition with the Office of the United States Trade Representative with respect to the compliance of any country listed in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act with the eligibility requirements set forth in section 104 of such Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3702) is amended— 
should develop utilization strategies on a biennial basis in order to more effectively and strategically utilize benefits available under the African Growth and Opportunity Act (in this section referred to as ‘‘AGOA utilization strategies’’); 
agencies should work with, and provide appropriate resources to, such subSaharan African countries to assist in developing and implementing biennial AGOA utilization strategies; and 
regional integration, the United States Trade Representative should consider requesting the Regional Economic Communities to prepare biennial AGOA utilization strategies. 
Growth and Opportunity Act and identify opportunities and obstacles to increased trade and investment and enhanced poverty reduction efforts; 
that inhibit utilization of benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act; 
African Growth and Opportunity Act and establish a plan to promote full regional implementation of the Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization. 
country should publish on an appropriate Internet website of such country public versions of its AGOA utilization strategy; and 
AND INVESTMENT TIES BETWEEN SUBSAHARAN AFRICA AND THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the policy of the United States to continue to— 
10 eligible subSaharan African countries as having the greatest’’ and inserting ‘‘, through the Secretary of Agriculture, shall identify eligible subSaharan African countries that have’’; and 
and phytosanitary rules of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘, complying with sanitary and phytosanitary rules of the United States, and developing food safety standards’’; 
the following: ‘‘, particularly from businesses and sectors that engage women farmers and entrepreneurs,’’; and 
such measures as are necessary to ensure adequate coordination of similar activities of agencies of the United States Government relating to agricultural technical assistance for subSaharan Africa.’’. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the trade and investment 
relationship between the United States and sub Saharan African countries and on the implementation of this title and the amendments made by this title. 
investment between the United States and sub Saharan Africa, including information on leading exports to the United States from subSaharan African countries. 
African countries during the period covered by the report. 
beneficiary subSaharan African country is continuing to meet the eligibility requirements set forth in section 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974. 
the trade and investment relationship between the United States and subSaharan African countries. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the United States Trade Representative shall submit to Congress a report that— 
that have a expressed an interest in entering into a free trade agreement with the United States; 
such subSaharan African countries and other subSaharan African countries toward entering into a free trade agreement with the United States; and 
of this section shall cease to have any force or effect after September 30, 2025. 
Section 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703), as amended by section 106, is further amended— 
‘‘subSaharan African country’’ has the meaning given the term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2465) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
COTTON ARTICLES AS ELIGIBLE ARTICLES ONLY FOR LEASTDEVELOPED BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
LIMITATION AND WAIVER UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES WITH RESPECT TO ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES EXPORTED TO THE UNITED STATES DURING CALENDAR YEAR 2014. 
TRAVEL ARTICLES FOR DUTYFREE TREATMENT UNDER THE GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
4202.11.00, 4202.12.40, 4202.21.60, 4202.21.90, 4202.22.15, 4202.22.45, 4202.31.60, 4202.32.40, 4202.32.80, 4202.92.15, 4202.92.20, 4202.92.45, or 4202.99.90 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2703a) is amended as follows: 
‘‘(cc) 60 percent or more during the 1year period beginning on December 20, 2017, and each of the 7 succeeding 1year periods.’’; and 
year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1 year periods’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘December 19, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 19, 2025’’. 
succeeding 1year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1year periods’’; and 
succeeding 1year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1year periods’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Trade Adjustment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–40; 125 Stat. 416) is repealed. 
Except as otherwise provided in this title, the provisions of chapters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on December 31, 2013, and as amended by this title, shall— 
under chapter 2, 3, or 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after such date of enactment. 
amendment to, or repeal of, a provision of chapters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, the reference shall be considered to be made to a provision of any such chapter, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
Section 285 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
‘‘DATAREPORTING ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ERFORM ANCE MEASURES ’’; 
who received benefits under the trade adjustment assistance program who are in unsubsidized employment during the second calendar quarter after exit from the program; 
who received benefits under the trade adjustment assistance program and who are in unsubsidized employment during the fourth calendar quarter after exit from the program; 
who received benefits under the trade adjustment assistance program who, subject to clause (ii), obtain a recognized postsecondary credential or a secondary school diploma or its recognized equivalent, during participation in the program or within one year after exit from the program; and 
who received benefits under the trade adjustment assistance program who, during a year while receiving such benefits, are in an education or training program that leads to a recognized postsecondary credential or employment and who are achieving measurable gains in skills toward such a credential or employment. 
Section 249B of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2323) is amended— 
training approved under section 236 and obtained unsubsidized employment in a field related to that training.’’; and 
‘‘quarterly’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘annual’’; and 
DEFINED .—Section 247 of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2319) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Labor has not made a determination with respect to whether to certify a group of workers as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in clause (iii), the Secretary shall make that determination based on the requirements of section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(ii) RECONSIDERATION OF DENIALS OF CERTIFI CATIONS .—If, before the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary made a determination not to certify a group of workers as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in clause (iii), the Secretary shall— 
(iii) PETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition described in this clause is a petition for a certification of eligibility for a group of workers filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
A worker certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance pursuant to a petition filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or before December 31, 2013, shall continue to be eligible to apply for and receive benefits under the provisions of chapter 2 of title II of such Act, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, shall be applied and administered by substituting ‘‘before January 1, 2014’’ for ‘‘more than one year before the date of the petition on which such certification was granted’’ for purposes of determining whether a worker is eligible to apply for adjustment assistance pursuant to a petition filed under section 221 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and on or before the date that is 90 days after such date of enactment. 
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enactment 
in this subparagraph is a petition for a certification of eligibility filed by a firm or its representative under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
subparagraph is a firm that the Secretary determines would have been certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance if— 
(ii) the provisions of chapter 3 of title II of the 
period’’ for ‘‘104week period’’ and all that follows through ‘‘130week period)’’; and 
benchmarks established as part of the training approved for the worker; 
and administered by substituting ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘December 31, 2007’’; 
and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1year period beginning on July 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of fiscal years 2003 through 2007, and $4,000,000 for the 3month period beginning on October 1, 2007’’; 
and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1year period beginning on July 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of the fiscal years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘October 1, 2007’’; and 
30, 2022’’ for ‘‘December 31, 2007’’ each place it appears; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the assistance is otherwise eligible to receive such assistance. 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the assistance is otherwise eligible to receive such assistance.’’. 
2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, shall continue to apply on and after July 1, 2021, with respect to— 
title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed 
under section 221 of that Act before July 1, 2021; 
as eligible for technical or financial assistance under chapter 6 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 292 of that Act before July 1, 2021. 
apply to any taxpayer for any eligible coverage month unless such taxpayer elects the application of this section for such month. 
any eligible coverage month in a taxable year shall be made not later than the due date (including extensions) for the return of tax for the taxable year, and 
‘‘(ii) any election for this section to apply for 
an eligible coverage month shall apply for all subsequent eligible coverage months in the taxable year and, once made, shall be irrevocable with respect to such months. 
taxable year shall be increased by the excess, if any, of— 
on behalf of the taxpayer under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and section 7527 for months during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(II) the sum of the credits allowed under this 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘August 1, 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
date of the enactment of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015, and 
Section 776 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 
Such adverse inference may include’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘facts otherwise available; and 
adjustments to, a countervailable subsidy rate or weighted average dumping margin based on any assumptions about information the interested party would have provided if the interested party had complied with the request for information. 
for the same or similar program in a countervailing duty proceeding involving the same country, or 
‘‘(ii) if there is no same or similar program, 
use a countervailable subsidy rate for a subsidy program from a proceeding that the administering authority considers reasonable to use, and 
subsidy rate or dumping margin used by the administering authority reflects an alleged commercial reality of the interested party.’’. 
injury or threat of material injury to an industry in the United States merely because that industry is profitable or because the performance of that industry has recently improved.’’. 
sales, market share, gross profits, operating profits, net profits, ability to service debt, productivity, return on investments, return on assets, and utilization of capacity,’’. 
authority determines that the particular market situation prevents a proper comparison with the export price or constructed export price.’’. 
subject to the investigation or review is not so large that any additional individual examination of such exporters or producers would be unduly burdensome to the administering authority and inhibit the timely completion of the investigation or review.’’; and 
subtitle A or B and reviews under section 751 being conducted by the administering authority as of the date of the determination. 
completion of each such investigation and review as the administering authority considers appropriate.’’. 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North American Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), the amendments made by this title shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
62 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended— 
‘recreational performance outerwear’ means trousers (including, but not limited to, paddling 
pants, ski or snowboard pants, and ski or snowboard pants intended for sale as parts of skisuits), coveralls and bib overalls, and jackets (including, but not limited to, full zip jackets, paddling jackets, ski jackets, and ski jackets intended for sale as parts of skisuits), windbreakers, and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets) composed of fabrics of cotton, wool, hemp, bamboo, silk, or manmade fiber, or a combination of such fibers, that are either water resistant or treated with plastics, or both, with critically sealed seams, and with five or more of the following features: 
zippered, hook and loop, or other type of closure. 
tightening around the waist or leg hems, including hidden leg sleeves with a means of tightening at the ankle for trousers and tightening around the waist or bottom hem for jackets. 
areas: the elbows, shoulders, seat, knees, ankles, or cuffs. 
skirt, or adjustable inner protective cuff at sleeve hem. 
textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered, or laminated with plastics, as described in Note 2 to chapter 59. 
have been covered by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing, welding, or a similar process so that water cannot pass through the seams when tested in accordance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35. 
and similar articles, sealed seams that are sealed at the front (up to the zipper or other means of closure) and back rise. 
protection’ means insulation with either synthetic fill, down, a laminated thermal backing, or other lining for thermal protection from cold weather. 
closure (including, but not limited to, laminated or coated zippers, storm flaps, or other weatherproof construction) that has been reinforced or engineered in a manner to reduce the penetration or absorption of moisture or air through an opening in the garment. 
‘inner protective skirt’ refer to a partial lower inner lining with means of tightening around the waist for additional protection from the elements. 
or triangularshaped, designed, or patterned to allow radial arm movement. 
unrestricted, 180degree range of motion for the arm while wearing performance outerwear. 
means the incorporation into a fabric or garment of materials, including, but not limited to, activated carbon, silver, copper, or any combination thereof, capable of adsorbing, absorbing, or reacting with human odors, or effective in reducing the growth of odorcausing bacteria. 
means outerwear garments, including uniforms, designed or marketed for use in the workplace or at a worksite to provide durable protection from cold or inclement weather and/or workplace hazards, such as fire, electrical, abrasion, or chemical hazards, or impacts, cuts, punctures, or similar hazards. 
shall be disregarded in classifying goods as ‘recreational performance outerwear’. 
of record shall maintain internal import records that specify upon entry whether garments claimed as recreational performance outerwear have an outer surface that is water resistant, treated with plastics, or a combination thereof, and shall further enumerate the specific features that make the garments eligible to be classified as recreational performance outerwear.’’. 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6201.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.12.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 60% 
6201.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down.4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6201.13.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.13.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.13.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6201.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6201.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 49.7 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6201.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.19.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6201.19.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste Free 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6201.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.91.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 3.4% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
6201.92.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.92.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.92.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6201.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6201.93.35 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.93.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.93.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6201.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6201.93.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 49.5 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6201.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% 
6201.99.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste Free 35% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% ’’. 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6202.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.12.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
through 6202.13.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.13.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6202.13.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6202.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 43.5 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6202.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.19.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6202.19.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight or silk or silk waste Free 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6202.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.91.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 5.6% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
through 6202.92.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.92.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6202.92.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
through 6202.93.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.93.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6202.93.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down 4.4% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6202.93.40 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 43.4 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6202.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6202.99.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste Free 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6203.41.05, and the superior text to subheading 6203.41.05, and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.41 having 
the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.41 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.7¢/kg + 
6203.41.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without belt loops, weighing more than 9 kg per dozen 7.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.8% (AU) 3% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
through 6203.42.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.42.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6203.42.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
6203.42.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down Free 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6203.43.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.43.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6203.43.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% 
6203.43.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
and of which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down Free 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6203.43.25 Certified handloomed and folklore products 12.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6203.43.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 49.6 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
6203.43.35 Water resistant trousers or breeches 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 2.8% (KR) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% ’’. 
6203.49.80 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.49 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.49 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 76% 
6203.49.15 Certified handloomed and folklore products 12.2% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6203.49.40 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste Free 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% ’’. 
6204.61.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.61.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.61.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.61.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without belt 
loops, weighing more than 6 kg per dozen 7.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3% (OM) 6.8% (AU) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% ’’. 
through 6204.62.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.62.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6204.62.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
6204.62.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down Free 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6204.62.30 Certified handloomed and folklore products 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6204.63.35 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.63.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6204.63.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% 
6204.63.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
which down comprises 35 percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or more by weight of down Free 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6204.63.20 Certified handloomed and folklore products 11.3% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6204.63.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.63.30 Water resistant trousers or breeches 7.1% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% ’’. 
6204.69.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.69 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.69 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6204.69.20 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6204.69.40 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste 1.1% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, J, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6210.40.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.40.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6210.40.30 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.40.30 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber 
or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
6210.50.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.50.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6210.50.30 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.30 Having an outer surface impreg nated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber 
or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% ’’. 
through 6211.39.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 (as in effect on the day before the 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.39.10 Of wool or fine animal hair 12% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 58.5% 
6211.39.20 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste 0.5% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% ’’. 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% ’’. 
through 6211.49.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.49.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6211.49.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% 
6211.49.10 Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste 1.2% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
6211.49.41 Of wool or fine animal hair 12% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% ’’. 
from warehouse for consumption, on or after such 180th day. 
States are amended by adding at the end the following: 
6402.91.42 and 6402.99.32, the term ‘protective active footwear’ means footwear (other than footwear described in Subheading Note 1) that is designed for outdoor activities, such as hiking shoes, trekking shoes, running shoes, and trail running shoes, the foregoing valued over $24/ pair and which provides protection against water that is imparted by the use of a coated or 
FOOTWEAR .—Chapter 64 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
the following new subheading, with the article description for subheading 6402.91.42 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6402.91.40: 
‘‘ 6402.91.42 Protective active footwear (except footwear with waterproof molded bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper and except footwear with insulation that provides protection against cold weather), whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 15.34 cm 20% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, D, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, R, SG) 35% ’’. 
BH, CA, CL, D, IL, JO, MA, MX, P) 1% (PA) 6% (OM) 6% (PE) 12% (CO) 20% (KR) 35% ’’. 
from warehouse for consumption, on or after such 15th day. TITLE VII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report assessing the contribution of the trade preference programs of the United States, including the Generalized System of Preferences under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.), the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), and the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), to the reduction of poverty and the elimination of hunger. TITLE VIII—OFFSETS 
Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corporation with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the preceding taxable year)— 
corporate estimated tax which is otherwise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 8 percent of such amount (determined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
and received by such individual shall be treated as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
by this section shall apply to returns required to be made, and statements required to be furnished, after December 31, 2015. 
by this section shall apply with respect to returns and statements required to be filed after December 31, 2015. 
FOR TAXPAYERS ELECTING TO EXCLUDE FOREIGN EARNED INCOME FROM TAX. 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
not apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer elects to exclude any amount from gross income under section 911 for such taxable year.’’. 
by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014. 
services shall be the base rate for renal dialysis 
House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1295. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 338, the motion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
RYAN) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L EVIN) each will control 30 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material to H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, as amended, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ), a senior member of the 
Committee on Ways and Means, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Select Revenue Measures, who is the author of the Trade Adjustment Assistance bill. 
the gentleman for yielding and thank him for his leadership on this series of trade bills that we have been considering for the last few weeks. 
of the preferences bill before us. This bipartisan legislation renews both the Generalized System of Preferences and the African Growth and Opportunity Act. GSP is an important program, both to Washington State businesses and promoting economic development across the globe. 
critical to further strengthening our ties with Africa. The strong bipartisan vote this legislation received weeks ago made clear there is strong support 
for these programs in Congress and among the American people. 
renewal of Trade Adjustment Assistance, and I am proud, as Mr. RYANsaid, 
to sponsor the House legislation to renew TAA because there is a need for this program. I believe increased trade is good for all Americans. It creates jobs and it makes America stronger. But I also understand that as we create jobs and trade, and our jobs change over the next few years, along the way some workers may need extra assistance and additional training. That is why TAA is so important. 
past week by sending TPA to the President’s desk; and I am also proud that TPA was attached to another bill, which happened to be a labor bill, TSP, which created a fair application of retirement benefits for Federal public safety officers. Now, Mr. Speaker, we must move forward, pass TAA and AGOA today, General System of Preferences. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
weeks and months has been about how do we get a strong and effective trade policy and trade agreement. That debate only intensifies now. Supporters of trade promotion authority, TPA, thought vague negotiating objectives and a passive role for Congress in the process were the way to go, in part because many on the majority side feel that more trade is essentially better, no matter its terms or conditions. 
The opponents of TPA wanted to ensure that TPP negotiations were on the right track, with no blank check to USTR, when there are so many outstanding areas where we are not satisfied with the status of negotiations or where we are uncertain of their outcome. Now we can focus like a laser beam on those issues. The argument about the process of TPA is now behind us and the challenge of the substance of TPP smack in front of us. 
doctrines does not meet the challenges of intensifying globalization, so we will continue to shine a bright light on the critical issues, like market access, stateowned enterprises, intellectual property and access to medicines, worker rights, environment, currency manipulation, and investment provisions that could put at risk domestic regulations. Our calls for improvements to the negotiations will only grow louder. 
of the American people, it will need to gain the votes of a much broader coalition of Members of Congress than voted for TPA. The issue is not protrade versus antitrade, but whether we shape trade agreements to spread the benefits broadly, including the middle class of Americans. 
before us today: the African Growth and Opportunity Act and our trade 
preferences programs. House Democrats have been key architects of these programs. For example, in the 1990s, our colleagues CHARLIE RANGEL and 
Crane, laid the foundation for the African Growth and Opportunity Act of 2000. 
shape trade, to ensure that its benefits are more broadly based. We can see that in AGOA, stronger labor and other eligibility criteria and the inclusion of textile and apparel products can give us additional leverage to help raise living standards. 
Haiti program. While there is much work to be done in Haiti, one critical element of our program, inspections of factories by the independent group Better Work, is resulting in improved compliance with Haitian labor laws and better conditions for workers there. 
Finally, this bill includes a reauthorization of Trade Adjustment Assistance. I am an ardent supporter of TAA and introduced a bill earlier this year with ADAM SMITH to reauthorize it. I 
support H.R. 1295. To be sure, this TAA is not perfect. It falls short of the high water mark we established for the program in 2009. 
and is expected to expand even further with new trade agreements, we should be ensuring adequate funding for workers who lose their jobs as a result of trade and are transitioning to new jobs, not cutting the program. But we need to restore the program also for service workers and for trade with all countries, improvements that were wrongly allowed to lapse at the end of 2013, and we need to extend the entire program for the future. 
word scramble, but going forward, TPP, to the American people, will be about jobs and wages. They expect us to work hard to get it right as it is being negotiated, not simply leaving their elected officials with a ‘‘yes’’ or a ‘‘no’’ vote after TPP is done. We have a lot of work to do, and there is no ducking these issues now. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the aisle have been working for years to promote American trade. We took big steps when we passed TPA last week and sent it to the President yesterday. Passing TPA, I believe, is an achievement that this Congress should be very proud of. It is going to empower Congress in trade negotiations. It will help America get the best possible trade agreements for American workers, and it will tell the world that the America that they knew and the America that they know is an America that is still willing to lead. 
I especially want to thank my colleagues in the House, like Congressman 
RONKINDand Congressman E ARLBLUMENAUER , for their leadership on this 
issue. I also want to thank our friends in the Senate, like Senators HATCH and 
WYDEN . But to pass TPA, we needed a 
little bit of trust. We promised our Democratic friends, if they stay with us on TPA, that we will follow through with this bill that is before us today, and so we are here today to keep our word. 
three of which have bipartisan support. First, we reauthorize the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act, which is in keeping with the agreements that we have made. This program helps workers whose jobs have moved elsewhere to find new opportunities through job training. Traditionally, we have always authorized TPA and TAA, and that is what we are doing here. We have always authorized them together, and that is effectively what we are doing here. We have made some improvements to the program. 
trade preferences for developing countries. This bill reauthorizes a number of programs that have broad bipartisan support: AGOA, GSP, and Haiti Hope. These programs lower trade barriers between our country and these developing countries. It is the best example of trade not aid that you can come up with. They grow our trading ties, because when we grow, they grow. This is good policy that has been well respected and supported by both sides of the aisle. Therefore, we have every incentive to get this done. 
Third, we make sure that our companies can use our trade remedy laws to address unfair trade practices. This is something that we have worked with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, our colleagues from steel country and the House Steel Caucus, to make sure that our trade laws are actually enforced and, when our trade laws are not being followed, when they are being abused, that we have quick remedies to these situations. All of this legislation will strengthen the American economy. It will strengthen America’s credibility on the world stage, and it will strengthen American leadership. 
With that, I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. I now yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ), who was an inspiration for 
good day for America, and it is a good day for us in the House. There are so many people to thank for making this day possible, not just for the people in developing countries in Africa, but, more importantly, for Americans who recognize, unless we can raise the level of survival in other countries, our country is not fulfilling its moral and economic obligations. 
I want to give a special thanks to the 
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means. It is kind of rough listening 
to him talking about TPP, the Trans Pacific Partnership, because he knows and I know that, if we wanted each bill passed, we would be concerned not by what the multinationals want, but we would be concerned about the middle class. The middle class you can help by having infrastructure, you can help by having an education, all the things that are not Democratic issues. On this particular AGOA bill, he gave assurances that he thought that this standing alone did not have to get involved in the controversy that people had over the more controversial bill. Like he said, he made his commitment. He kept his commitment. It is things like this that should have younger Members realizing Congress can do it, we can work together, and I thank him publicly for that. 
Members in terms of the involvement that they have had. Certainly, Mr. LEVIN from the very, very beginning 
with Republicans, gave birth to this bill 10 years ago, and his guidance and support and the Ways and Means members have given another year. 
KAREN BASS, she is something special. She came to us after serving as California speaker. She grabbed Africa, foster care, and those types of issues that people have left behind, but she managed to make certain that everyone knows that this country cares, and cares deeply. 
It is ironic that as we talk about Africa, we are talking about Haiti, we are talking about developing countries, and we also are talking about those workers who, through no fault of their own and because of international and national decisions, have lost their opportunity to have selfesteem and to have a job. 
touched on in this bill. These are issues that go nowhere in terms of how far America has to go in order to be fair and equal and allow us to include real wages, real education, and real opportunity in the pursuit of happiness. 
there is nothing in this bill that doesn’t point us in the right direction, especially on the same day that the United States Supreme Court has recognized that compassion is not restricted to just those who can afford insurance on their own, I just want to thank the leadership in this House, both Republican and Democrats, for the great work that allows me to be a proud Member of this House. 
at this time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ), 
a distinguished Member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
for his leadership in bringing the bipartisan solution to the trade promotion authority. I stand right now in support of the 
Trade Preferences Extension Act, which is before us at the moment, and encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join in supporting this. 
Assistance, a program I have seen in my own district, where I have watched for workers, when it can be demonstrated that they have had their jobs impacted because of foreign implications, there is a support network in place. 
and believe that it is important that we keep the tradition of TAA, but we also need to point out that there have been significant improvements in this program. 
There will now be performance goals for TAA that are aligned with other job training programs. 
process in which we will promote direct services for participants over administrative spending. These are important and critical improvements to a program that already has a history. 
There is a very important provision in the Trade Preferences Extension Act dealing with improving antidumping and countervailing duty laws. 
As an attorney, I appreciate the importance of creating an accurate record. This allows us to do this in a vitally important area, in the battle against the dumping that is being done that are affecting American jobs at home. 
allow the Department of Commerce to have the ability to create an accurate record. When, in fact, what you have is a foreign party that fails to cooperate with the agency’s request, they will be able to impute the information that is necessary to make that case. 
to be able to disregard prices or costs of inputs that foreign producers purchase if the Department of Commerce has reason to believe or suspects that the inputs in question have been subsidized or dumped. 
Because I think this is such a critically important issue to be able to create the kind of record—and it gives the Department of Commerce the kind of discretion to be able to look at the facts and to take recalcitrant countries and hold them accountable by creating what is accurate in the form of the case that we can make to assure that workers here at home are being protected. 
These are important and valuable assets in the ability for us to continue to 
reasons that I strongly encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015. 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), another distinguished member of our committee. 
and I would first acknowledge what my friend, the chairman of the committee, said a moment ago. 
this institution for a whole host of reasons, but we were given ironclad assurances from the Speaker, from the President, from the chairman, from Senator WYDEN , Senator H ATCH , and 
come back to this floor to be voted on. I think it is important that that has in fact occurred. 
century workforce, we need Trade Adjustment Assistance. What we have before us is an improvement over current law. It is not as good as what we had in 2009. I hope that we will be able to build on this and move forward. This program has helped more than 100,000 Americans, including 3,000 of my fellow Oregonians who received job training and financial support. 
and losers in the global economy, whether we have trade agreements with countries or not, like with pressures from China. It is important that we provide this for our workers. With our vote today, we do so. 
on AGOA. Having this package before us, including new economic opportunities for growing the economies of Africa, Haiti, and other places around the world is critically important. The 10 year extension is an example of how trade can improve these critical living standards. 
little parochial interest in this bipartisan provision I worked on with Mr. REICHERT that creates jobs in the 
an unreasonable reality coming to our borders. Two identicallooking running shoes are imported. One must pay a significantly higher tariff for a single reason: they have a waterproof liner. 
the Pacific Northwest, waterproof matters. To be able to end this outmoded tariff code charging extremely high tariffs for no reason at all, I think, is an important step forward. 
finetune the tariff regimen that we have, but this is an important one for the people that I represent in the 
Northwest. I appreciate working with Mr. REICHERT to be able to get this one 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ), the chairman 
globalization occurs with or without America engaging in the world. It is important for America to engage in the world, to write the rules of the global balance economy; but whether or not we do or we don’t, there will be winners and losers because of globalization. 
bill, but it is more than just about preferences. It is about America’s leadership in Africa. It is about America’s leadership in Haiti. It is about America’s leadership at home in providing trade assistance for those workers who did lose their job because of globalization. 
America engaged in a bilateral trade agreement, my dad lost his job as a steelworker. There are important provisions in this bill written by Chairman RYAN that will help the steel industry. That is really important. My dad was in that industry. He lost his job of 25 years. He benefited from trade assistance. 
workers. This is also important for those workers who lost their job through no fault of their own and who lost their health care. The health coverage tax credit is renewed in this bill. 
This bill almost wasn’t, quite frankly. There was a lot of rhetoric on the floor of this House and the floor of the other House about the word of our chairman and the word of our Speaker and about how this wouldn’t come up and we can’t trust them. 
Well, let me tell you, ladies and gentlemen, our chairman’s word has been gold from day one in this process. Every commitment he has made has come through. Through this process, every commitment our Speaker has made has come to be. 
We wouldn’t be on the floor today debating this bill and approving this bill in a little while if it weren’t for the leadership of Chairman RYAN and the 
a great staff at the Ways and Means Committee. They should be thanked for their yeoman’s work in this process, which has been very difficult but very bipartisan and very bicameral. 
Americans want Congress to work together for America’s benefit. America’s leadership in the world today is a little bit stronger. The light of America is shining a little bit brighter because of the work that this Congress has done on this bill and the other bills, including the customs bill that this Congress has put together and will be sending to 
economy because of what we have done today. Americans should be proud that Congress is working again. 
minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND), another distinguished member of our committee. 
of this trade preferences bill and the Trade Adjustment Assistance legislation that is before us today. 
for us to be in this situation did require a little leap of faith. We weren’t sure how we were going to be able to get back after the procedural snafu earlier to have a chance to reconsider Trade Adjustment Assistance, but I give credit, and I thank the leadership on both sides of the aisle, especially my good friend and colleague on the Ways and Means Committee, Mr. RYAN 
They promised, as we did move forward trying to give the President trade promotion authority, that they wouldn’t pull any punches, that they would allow Trade Adjustment Assistance to come back for consideration, and that is exactly what is happening today. 
but this week, the President will get trade promotion authority on his desk so this administration can go forward and try to negotiate the best agreement in the TransPacific Partnership—and even with our European allies—that we can obtain in order to elevate standards and begin to level the playing field so that our workers, our farmers, our businesses have a better chance of competing in that global environment, especially the fastest growing region in the Pacific Rim right now. That is what TPP is all about. 
significant work done with the African Growth and Opportunity Act. That is all about our relationship with the countries in Africa and Haiti and where we go here in the 21st century together. It is important that we get this accomplished today, along with the Trade Adjustment Assistance bill. 
That is the help we are able to provide displaced workers who are impacted by globalization the job training and education funds so they can reintegrate as quickly as possible in the economy and be full participants of this 21st century global economy. 
political stars had not aligned. There are areas of common agreement here in this country, as represented in this Congress. Today is proof of that, being able to move forward on a trade agenda that is important for U.S. global leadership, important for our workers, growing the economy and our competitiveness as a Nation. 
shown on both sides of the aisle. We are looking forward to more opportunity to work together in the future. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. 
TIBERI left, but he did a lot of work on 
that has been said here, which is passing these very challenging bills, doing a number of bills, did require a lot of trust between the two parties, which we have not seen a lot of lately. 
I am just very pleased to be a part of 
this dynamic where we have given each other our words, we have kept our words, and therefore, we are getting this done. As a result of that, I believe that the country is far better off. This policy is good for America, and it restores our leadership in the world. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), another distinguished member of our committee. 
heard from both sides of the aisle the term ‘‘winners and losers.’’ 
of the deals that have been put before this Congress in the last 15 years are not losers. They are the most productive workers in the world. How dare you call them losers. 
back here. We are talking about a piece of legislation that is like putting the cart before the horse. 
being laid off—engineers, laborers, technicians. Our trade deals have been a joke. Not one person has come to this floor to explain to us—and I know that is not the bill we are talking about, that has already been deepsixed in its past—not one person has come to the floor and told us how these jobs are going to be created through trade. 
is fair trade deals. How dare you call our workers losers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is reminded to direct his remarks to the Chair. 
past few months is that we need to grant the President fasttrack authority so we can finalize the TransPacific Partnership because it will be good for American workers; and yet here we are today, voting on a package to prepare for the opposite: the loss of American jobs because of a trade deal that doesn’t put American workers first. 
I could support the Trade Adjustment Assistance. You need to help those people who are going to be laid off because of these trade deals that are so great so that they kept their 
jobs or some other jobs were created. Where are those jobs? 
have the rug pulled out from under them because of trade deals, something should be there to break their fall. The sad reality is that we need TAA. And even the sadder reality is that, despite the great need, this TAA bill before us today is inadequate. 
Mr. PASCRELL. The trade adjustment bill we are voting on today contains a number of flaws. The TAA has been used as a bargaining chip to push the TPA over the finish line. I would prefer that we didn’t need a TAA at all. Trade Adjustment Assistance is not preferable to a job. 
the worker from $575 to $450 million per year. You got your pound of flesh. At a time when trade is expanding, this bill slashes funding for worker training by 20 percent. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), a distinguished member of the Ways and Means Committee and a member of the Trade Subcommittee, in an effort to try and restore the civil dialogue and bipartisan dialogue we have been having. 
the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership in bringing forward some additional trade legislation today that is very, very important. 
I am going to rise in support of H.R. 
1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act, for a couple of key reasons, because there are some key, important provisions that accomplish some very critical goals. 
preferences with both Africa, through the African Growth and Opportunity Act, as well as Haiti. And these investments now, these preference programs, provide vital opportunities for American investment, for U.S. investment, longterm investment. These countries are asking for this investment for the long term. 
Haitian workers and businesses as they establish themselves as developing countries to making sure they are going to be set for the 21st century global economy. 
establishing soft power, strategic alliances, and that is smart power. 
Generalized System of Preferences program. Now, this is another very important program that reduces tariffs and, therefore, it reduces prices. It helps consumers here in the United States each and every day and the amount of product that they consume. 
authorizes also the USTR to designate certain travel goods, including purses, 
briefcases, attache cases, and backpacks, to be eligible under this GSP program, expanding new production opportunities for U.S. businesses. This is a provision that I personally have long supported. 
seeing over the last few days is the trade agenda moving forward on a very bipartisan basis. Every President since Franklin Delano Roosevelt, regardless of their political background and their party background, has understood and engaged the world with the United States leading in trade. 
with this Congress, with this President. We want to see it through. We want to see more opportunity for enhanced trade, because more trade means more jobs and higherpaying jobs for our American workers, especially in manufacturing right here at home. 
for bringing this important bill to the floor. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it. 
our ranking member for yielding and for your very critical and tremendous leadership on these issues. 
this African Growth and Opportunity Act, let me first say that I am extremely disappointed that AGOA was used as a bargaining chip to pass the unrelated Trade Adjustment Assistance package. AGOA has been a longtime cornerstone of the U.S.Africa relationship. 
And I just have to thank Congressman RANGEL and Congresswoman B ASS 
and members of the Congressional Black Caucus who have done everything they could do, everything possible to keep AGOA a clean bill, without being loaded with nonAfrica trade related issues. 
faced with a bill, really, that looks like a Christmas tree. But I will reluctantly vote for this because Africa deserves better. It deserves not to be caught up in the gimmicks of this body. And we 
will continue to fight for American jobs, American workers, and a TPP that creates jobs in America, economic growth in America, and preserves jobs in America. So this is not over. 
these trade bills have been brought to the floor, the TAA included in this bill is inadequately funded and fails to protect workers who will ultimately be displaced by massive trade agreements like the TPP—and that will happen. 
a TAA to protect workers from job losses that we know will exist which we are told won’t exist. So at least we need to, sooner or later, come back with a TAA that is fully funded, at least to the tune of $575 million. We have got to do that. 
who will adversely be affected by TPP, and it even excludes public sector employees from eligibility. This is simply wrong. We must do better. 
It is time for us to get real and stop 
putting American workers at risk with trade deals like TPP. We need an adequate trade assistance bill and a trade policy that protects and creates American jobs and economic growth in America. 
trade policies that create markets also for African goods, jobs in Africa. 
healthcare issues like HIV and AIDS; development assistance, such as the Millennium Challenge Account. 
can’t allow the continent of Africa to be used as a gimmick in this overall process, which I think was very, very poor and reflects poorly on this body. 
let me yield myself 1 minute to try and clarify some of what was just mentioned. 
and the reason TAA is attached to the AGOA bill is because of the dilatory tactics from the minority a couple of weeks ago. 
this Trade Preferences bill through the House on its own standalone. And so the reason this is happening is not because of the majority, but because of what the minority did with respect to the TAA bill. So I just want to be very clear, that is why we are where we are. 
keeping our agreement going that these bills are going through. 
make is TPP does not exist yet. There is no TransPacific Partnership trade agreement. There are talks. There have been talks for years, and those talks are still ongoing. But we do not have a trade agreement yet. That was why we needed to pass TPA, so that we can get a trade agreement like TPP. 
So I would just encourage all Members not to oppose something they have not yet seen, not to prejudge an agreement that does not yet exist. 
It is very important that we recognize 95 percent of the world’s consumers. They don’t live in this country. They live in other countries. And if we want good jobs that pay more, we need to be able to make and grow things in America and sell them overseas into other markets, other countries. 
have been 100 trade agreements negotiated and enacted around the world where we were a party to zero, none of them. What that means is other countries are lowering the trade barriers between themselves, and we, America, by not being a part of this, have much higher barriers. So when we want to make something and sell it overseas, it is a lot more expensive for them to buy our products than buying our competitors’ products. 
There were 48 trade agreements enacted in Asia since 2000 alone. We were a party to two of them. 
giving myself an additional 30 seconds, we were a party to two of those agreements and, as a result, our share of trade going into Asia, meaning exports going there from our country, went down 42 percent. 
Members: Don’t take a position on something that doesn’t exist yet. Read. See with your own eyes, then form an opinion. But I would argue, it is not in your constituents’ interest to simply say what you are for or against before you even see what it is. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 12
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. 
on TAA some days ago was because it was used as a bargaining chip to get votes for TPA. That is what the vote on TAA was all about. 
said don’t judge TPP in opposition before you see it. The problem is so many people are judging in favor of it while it is still being negotiated and labeling it for a certain kind of an agreement while it is still being negotiated. 
are opposed before they see it, I would like to say to them, what is good for the goose is good for the gander. Don’t embrace it so fully and so passionately before it is completed, and it is far from being completed. 
thank the gentleman, my friend from Michigan, and I take his word seriously. I think it is good counsel for both sides. Let’s wait and see what the fine print has to say before we draw our lines in support or opposition. I take those words to heart. 
I must say, I echo the words of Chairman RYAN. We are here today not 
under some cynical ploy to use the Africa bill to pass Trade Adjustment Assistance, rather, we are here to save Trade Adjustment Assistance because some decided it was worth sacrificing 
to get at Trade Promotion Authority. That was their political judgment, and they are entitled to it. But they are not entitled to then accuse those of us trying to save that program of cynicism. That is the least thing happening today. 
We are all about trying to keep workers who might be displaced, who will be displaced from globalization and, yes, maybe trade, get some training, get some help. That is what this program has done. It is a democratic program, and Chairman RYANand Speaker B OEHNERhave kept their word. 
about: redeeming a pledge made to us that we would have a second bite at this apple. And thank God we do, because American workers are going to benefit from it. 
minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), who is so active 
Chairman, ranking member, I will submit for the RECORD a letter from the 
stretch of a long and contentious battle over the congressional grant of trade negotiating authority to the President. Congress has now approved fast track authority, which will give the executive branch the opportunity to negotiate—in secret—as many trade agreements as it can through at least June 30, 2018 (and likely through 2021). Fast track 2015 fails to hold the executive branch accountable for achieving negotiating objectives, addressing the U.S. trade imbalance, or ensuring that trade deals adequately protect good jobs, workers rights, environmental protections, access to affordable medicines, food safety, and other vital protections for working families. 
(H.R. 1295 or TAA) will come before the House of Representatives. Unfortunately, and against the advice of many members of Congress, TAA has been packaged with an important and necessary bill to provide trade preferences to subSaharan African countries—the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA). The AFLCIO has long supported renewal of AGOA, and we will continue to work closely with our African trade union brothers and sisters to ensure that AGOA supports workers’ rights and sustainable development. 
bill is inadequately funded and fails to take into account job disruptions from massive pending trade agreements like the TransPacific Partnership (TPP) and others that may be negotiated over the course of the next six years. TAA ought to include a minimum funding level of $575 million and ensure that public sector workers are eligible. Moreover, the funding mechanism for TAA remains highly problematic: despite a fix to one ‘‘payfor,’’ partial funding for TAA is achieved in this bill by cutting $250 million from Medicare payments to hospital kidney dialysis centers. These unrelated program 
integrity of the program. Furthermore, this violates the principle that Medicare savings should be plowed back into Medicare. 
TAA, and the Customs Enforcement bill have been designed to obfuscate clear policy issues and force members of Congress to make awkward and conflicting votes with inadequate information. 
Scheduling a fast track vote without assurance that an adequately funded TAA would ever be enacted or that important trade enforcement measures would be included compounds the existing failures of U.S. trade policy to promote the interests of working families. There is significant uncertainty about what version of the Customs bill might eventually emerge from the conference process, or whether any TAA or Customs bill will eventually reach the President’s desk at all. 
the House of Representatives eviscerated key enforcement, currency and human rights provisions, while inserting ideologically motivated and counterproductive negotiating objectives with respect to climate change and immigrant rights. Every member of Congress who voted for TPA essentially endorsed this process and signaled a willingness to accept these problematic changes to the fast track objectives, as well as a willingness to enact new jobkilling trade agreements without any guarantee that displaced workers will receive adequate training and support. 
used by the Republican congressional leadership and endorsed by the White House to advance a flawed package of trade bills, absent any clarity or certainty about the final outcomes. 
We cannot endorse the current TAA legislation, given its shortcomings. We would oppose TAA in a heartbeat if by doing so we could be assured that we could slow or stop a flawed trade agenda from moving forward, and we are confident that we would have the votes to defeat it. However, in light of the unfortunate passage of TPA by the House and the Senate, we recognize that many members will be reluctant to imperil the passage of AGOA and may reasonably lack confidence that the Republican leadership will give them a chance to vote for an improved TAA bill. 
Despite President Obama’s repeated assurances that he would not sign TPA without TAA, this no longer seems to be the case. The President has made clear that his only priority in the trade agenda is passage of TPA—regardless of what happens with respect to currency, trade enforcement, trafficking in persons, immigration policy or climate change—let alone assistance to dislocated workers. We do not have confidence that the White House would hold out for a stronger TAA bill if this one were to fail. We therefore urge you to vote your conscience, and we will respect your decision, whatever it may be. 
improve U.S. trade policy. We will vigorously oppose TPP if it continues on its current course—with problematic provisions on investorstatedispute settlement, procurement and intellectual property rights; without any protections against currency manipulation; with weak rules of origin; and with inadequate protections for workers’ and human rights and the environment. We will continue to work closely with Congress and with our allies in the environmental, consumer, human rights, family farm, faith, development, domestic business, immigrants’, women’s and Internet privacy rights organizations—among many others—to educate and mobilize our members and the American 
public about what a good trade policy ought to be and why this one falls short. 
this letter from Mr. Trumka because I think, perhaps more than anybody else in this whole country, he is in touch with workers and what they need; and labor has been a solid wall of opposing the TransPacific Partnership and the Trade Promotion Authority. 
know what it is and it is an unknown, that is not true. We have, as Members, been able to go and read some of it. Pieces of it have been leaked. And everything I have seen so far has been incredibly disappointing and represents a real threat to the interests of working people, which Mr. Trumka is an expert on. 
I mean, I think it is really odd that 
we think the person who is expert at representing American workers knows so little and workers in general know so little about what is good for them. Maybe we should listen to the people who have borne the brunt of these trade bills in this country, from NAFTA all the way down. 
Partnership is anything like the trade bills we have seen so far, we are going to need a way bigger Trade Adjustment Assistance than this represents. 
good thing, but it is an admission that we are going to have displaced workers. We are saying people will be hurt by this trade bill, and so we are going to try to mitigate some of the harm. 
that will be made by transnational corporations from the TransPacific Partnership—well, let me tell you, we ought to be doing a whole lot more than the meager amount of Trade Adjustment Assistance that is captured in this bill. 
the American people are what we should be thinking about. I have not heard a word about how this is going to help raise workers’ wages. In fact, there is every reason to believe that this will put downward pressure on American workers at a time when we have seen historic income inequality and stagnation of worker pay. 
America needs to be the land of opportunity, not the land of economic stagnation caused by trade bills like the one I am afraid we are about to talk about. I am moving on the TPP, 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), who has made the AGOA such 
an important part of her life here. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to support H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, which includes the reauthorization of the African Growth and Opportunity Act, or AGOA. 
made a commitment at the beginning of the year that we would follow through and we would make sure that AGOA was on the President’s desk. I want to thank Ranking Member LEVIN; 
Chairman T IBERI ; and a giant in this 
House and one of the original authors of AGOA and a mentor to me and many, many others in this house, Mr. CHARLIE RANGEL , for their leadership 
I want to thank members of the African Diplomatic Corps, African heads of state, the diaspora, and members of the African civil society for their tireless work on this legislation. 
It has been almost a year since President Obama brought together heads of state from 50 African nations for the historic U.S.Africa leaders summit last August. This summit was the largest event any American President had held with African heads of state, and it was critical in creating the momentum and support that AGOA now enjoys. 
Over the next 10 years, Africa will become an even more important part of the world economy with a large youthful population that is increasingly university educated, tech savvy, and entrepreneurial. Without question, it is in the interest of the United States and the countries of Africa that we work toward a stronger and mutually beneficial economic relationship that will stand the test of time. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, 95 percent of all consumers are outside the United States. When you look at who exports and who is involved in international trade, over 80 percent of the companies that do this are small and mediumsized companies. In fact, in the State of Texas, 93 percent of all the companies that export are small and mediumsized companies. 
want to make sure that labor and environmental standards are higher in those countries that we want to deal with, the only way we can do that is by engaging, by talking, and by having a conversation; and that is why these trade agreements are important. 
TAA. On TPP, let’s reserve our judgment, and let’s make a decision on the facts at this time. 
further speakers. Since I reserve the right to close, I will let the gentleman finish his speakers, and then I will do a quick close. 
always standing in the gap with a creative mind for trade but for workers. 
from Wisconsin and indicate that those of us who stand here today have several reasons for doing so. 
It was in 1997 that I traveled to the 
continent of Africa and looked at the rich resources of people and product and understood that that developing continent needed a bridge of opportunity. I am not against a bridge of opportunity, and therefore, I vote and support the African Growth and Opportunity Act and those African nations who have extended their hand of friendship to the United States to create jobs. 
some of the most impoverished and one of the largest groups of working people in the South in the State of Texas. Oh, I know that there is benefit. Texas is a State that fits appropriately for benefit in trade, but there are workers that I must be concerned about. I really stand here today to support the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
district where the Department of Labor does not document the loss of jobs through trade. I would rather be standing here today and saving a monumental amount of jobs for those individuals that may have skills that are not in the chief executive office. 
help, and I also want to say let’s keep negotiating to get a component that deals with workers. The Trade Adjustment Assistance Act is for workers. It is to give you that cushion; and it is to, in actuality, be able to help over 10,853 workers in my State alone. 
We are here today to say keep pushing for an equality in trade negotiations to be able to lift the boats of workers across America, and then we are telling those who may be the beneficiary or the victim of dumping or other tactics that we will not leave here without voting for Trade Adjustment Assistance. 
Again, I thank my colleague for realizing we are better together than we are divided. I thank my colleague Mr. LEVIN, who was never wavered from understanding trade, but having the empathy of the working man and woman. 
I stand with him, and we are going to 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Motion 
to Concur to H.R. 1295—Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015. 
trade preferences for developing countries; trade adjustment assistance; and Leveling the Playing Field. As it relates to the Trade Preferences Extension Act, this provides developing countries with dutyfree access to a range of goods that are otherwise subject to tariffs to help promote commerce and boost our economy. 
Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) and trade programs for countries who most need it such as Haiti through 2025. 
As it relates to the Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA), since 1962, the Trade Adjustment Assistance has provided assistance to workers who face challenges due to global competition. 
were manufacturing workers out of work due to American trade, utilizing our free trade agreements to engage our global partners. 
program to cover a larger pool of workers such as those in the service sector, as well as manufacturing workers who lose their jobs due to trade with any country. 
worker training from $220 million per year to $575 million per year. 
This is a step in the right direction. I support this bill because it provides us with 
the opportunity to reauthorize TAA to protect workers who may lose their jobs due to trade with other countries. 
Commerce, between 2009 and 2013 over 770 18th Congressional District constituents benefitted from the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program. 
in the state of Texas between 2009 and 2013. 
In 2013 alone, over $46,000,000 was allocated to Texas, covering over 10,853 workers in the state of Texas and thousands of families. 
more discretion to determine dumping or subsidy rate to apply to an uncooperative foreign company; 
requiring the International Trade Commissions (ITC) to consider additional factors when determining whether a domestic industry has been materially injured; 
different calculation methodology to compare domestic and foreign costs if the methodology does not produce an appropriate comparison; 
when approximating costs in a nonmarket foreign economy can disregard the price of goods that are dumped or benefit from illegal subsidies; and 
with more discretion to reject voluntary respondents, which will allow the Department of Commerce to use its limited resources on other matters. 
our economy and the protection of workers are the reasons why I support this bill. 
be enriched by this bill that is why I strongly support the Trade Preference Extension Act of 
I support this bill and will keep an eye on it 
to make sure we make good on our promise to the American people in creating jobs and our commitment to growing our economy. 
I urge all members to support the bill. Mr. LEVIN. I yield 1 minute to the 
the gentleman for yielding. I commend him for his tremendous, relentless, persistent leadership on behalf of America’s workers. They have no better friend than you, Mr. LEVIN, and your 
pursuit of bigger paychecks for American workers and doing so without exploiting workers in other countries because, as we know, that only leads to stagnation of wages in America. You have understood that so clearly. You have taught us so well. It is an honor to serve with you, Mr. LEVIN. 
We come to this place with the Senate passage of TPA and the recognition that there will only be TPA signed. It no longer is connected to TAA. We have a choice today to choose between voting for TAA or not. 
If it was the intent of the Republicans in the Senate to attach TAA to AGOA in order to bring down both bills, they are very wrong because we reject that, even though we would have hoped for a better TAA. 
agreements that involve 40 percent of the world’s economy, very large with a very small TAA bill, it is woefully small, but at least it is there. I would have fought for a bigger bill. We are not given that opportunity. 
As small as it is, tying it to AGOA 
and perhaps pulling down AGOA, well, we reject that. People said: Oh, let’s just defeat the TAA bill, and AGOA will come up another way. 
that the Republicans would allow AGOA to come up another way. For that reason, from strength, knowing that we could defeat TAA, but at the same time bring down AGOA, it was wisely decided that we should just end this phase now, especially since the idea that both bills or no bill no longer existed. 
This is the end of phase one, and to 
get to this point, there has been a massive mobilization in our country of people of faith; people who are concerned about environment; women’s groups; and, of course, our friends in organized labor. There has been a massive mobilization for America’s working families. 
We all stand ready to go to the next 
phase, and that next phase is to keep a very sharp, clear, bright light focused on the provisions of the TPP. Most people really didn’t realize TPP and TPA, they are different things. Now, they will know. 
While I respect the values of the administration, giving their negotiators all of this power, it gives them no reason to come back with anything better than a great trade agreement for 
We do not believe in trickledown economics at home, and we do not believe in trickledown trade policy where it helps people at the top, entities at the top, and then trickles down maybe to the workers. 
fresh, and entrepreneurial ways. What has bothered me about this debate is it is so stale; it is so old in terms of you are either for globalization and recognize it as a reality and you are for participating in it or you are not—how condescending. 
Of course, we know we live in a global economy. Globalization is something that goes well beyond trade. It is about outsourcing and offshoring and all 
kinds of other ways of taking jobs away from our workforce. 
that can be done, and that was my aspiration, that we can do something great, something new, something that benefited all workers, lifted up all workers, not exploiting some in some country to the advantage of multinational corporations and stagnation for American workers’ wages. 
the status quo. Well, ‘‘better’’ is a comparative word. If the status quo is not good, better is less bad. We want something best. Good, better, best, never let it rest until good is better and better is best; that is what we were told in grade school. 
is the standard that we are going with, something that is less bad than the status quo, that is simply not good enough. 
world, for the planet, so we must recognize the relationship between trade policy and people’s lives. We must recognize the relationship, the interconnection between commerce around climate. 
to go forward that degrades the environment, especially now that our awareness is so great about the impact of business decisions on the environment that our people live in, the air that our people breathe, and the rest. 
accomplish this with greater transparency than this TPA enables us to have. That is done. We are arguing that. 
American people need, expect, and deserve for us to see what the course of this debate is about so that they can weigh in, so that, at the end of the day, the final product will be something that we can rally around or understand why certain decisions had to go a certain way, but not something that is just put there to say, up or down, you either understand we live in a global economy or you do not. 
That is, again, Mr. Speaker, condescending and not worthy, really, of the debate, and certainly not worthy of our 
responsibility to America’s working families. So I am excited about the prospect as we go forward. 
Mr. Speaker, I will vote for this legislation today. I wish we had a better TAA, and I certainly do not want to vote against the goal. I want to commend KAREN BASSand C HARLIE RANGEL  
who worked on this—created it, really—from the start. It is really important, and we should be happy about passing that. This could have been on the President’s desk before now if our colleagues in the Senate would have just voted for it and sent it there, except that they decided to hijack it by putting this TAA in there and changing this debate. But that is okay. It is what it is. 
spotlight on TPP. If there is any value to what we have been through—which I think has been a great one in terms of mobilization and unifying people about the importance of the stability of America’s financial stability and of America’s working family—it is that we are ready with judgment and knowledge, again, engaged in the debate as we go forward. We won’t be part of the debate because TPA prohibits that. But the American people will want to be engaged in that debate, and we, as their representatives, will have to vote on it at some point. 
sentiment is everything. The more the public knows about what is happening, I think, the better the agreement will be. That is my hope, and that is what we will fight for. 
So this is another day, a new day to 
go forward. I congratulate my colleagues who have worked so hard to get us to where we are, but we have much more to do, much bigger possibilities for the American people, and much recognition that it is a whole new world in terms of our understanding of our interconnections. Technology aids us, information helps us, and communication can be our salvation as we share information. 
many people who worked so hard on all of this, and I look forward to possibly a time when we not only have a unified Democratic Caucus but a unified Congress to come together with one thing in mind as we approach the Fourth of July: remembering e pluribus unum— from many, one. We are one country. I don’t think partisan politics, Democrats, Republicans, have anything to do with this debate. It is a debate about advancing America’s workers and about bigger paychecks for America’s workers as we lift up workers throughout the world, as we protect our environment, and as we go into the future. 
minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), a member of our 
Speaker, we have had a very rigorous and robust debate on trade. Trade is 
important to not only the entire country, but certainly it is important to the communities that I represent. 
Throughout this process, I have followed the dictates of organized labor, and I have followed the dictates of the people I represent, which means I voted ‘‘no.’’ I listened to the logic of the Democratic leader just this moment, and I am going to vote with her. I am going to vote for this legislation today because it is necessary to help those individuals who are going to be displaced, and they need all the help we can provide. I will vote to help them. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
let me just reflect a bit as someone who has been working on trade issues for some time. 
negotiate the trade agreement, Mr. RANGEL and I actually did the negotiating of the Peru free trade agreement with the Peruvian Government. I don’t suggest that should be the usual practice. 
As I look back on our debate on TPA, 
I think it has essentially been a prelude, a prelude to more vigorous debate about the contents of TPP. I think this debate has stirred the pot, and now it is important that this Congress—that this Congress—impact the ingredients in the pot and that we do so while the ingredients are being cooked and not simply afterwards, because these ingredients affect the lives of American businesses, American workers, and working families; and when we get it wrong, as sometimes has been true, people get hurt and millions of jobs are lost. 
ourselves as these negotiations proceed to be an active partner and insist that we be an active partner, that we know what is going on, and that we are able to discuss with the public what is going on. I think that is where we are today. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
clarify a few things. The reason we are here is because of the defeat of TAA the first time it came through here. That is why this bill is such this way. 
the Preferences was somehow a plan in the other body to defeat the two bills, I would just like to remind people that the first Preferences bill passed 97–1 when it passed the Senate. This bill was voicevoted in the Senate yesterday, so if someone was planning on trying to defeat these bills, they sure picked the wrong way to go about doing it. 
commitment is being honored the second time around to make sure that these bills have passed, and I am 
pleased to see that. So I don’t read into 
anything that the other body did other than respond to the fact that TAA was defeated here the first time around. Now we have rebuilt the process, kept the agreements, and here we are passing a bill that the Senate voicevoted yesterday. 
These three bills are bipartisan. TAA is offered by Mr. REICHERT , a Republican 
from Washington. Preferences is something that has gotten near universal support from both sides of the aisle. It is very good policy, and everyone on both sides of the aisle is in favor of TAA. 
We also have heard from our manufacturers that they need trade remedy, that when another country and a company from another country violate our trade laws and dump product into our market, we ought to be able to do something about it. So there is a bipartisan acknowledgment on that front, too. That is why this package is here. I anticipate a good vote count. 
the reason we are doing this is because we care about workers, we care about American leadership, and we care about jobs. The reason you need trade agreements is to remove those barriers so that the little guy, the small business, can also have access to these foreign markets. That is one of the elements to this debate that I think is missing. 
Without trade agreements, big businesses can survive, no problem. Do you know why? Because big businesses can just erect a factory in another country to sell into that other country. It happens all the time. We call it outsourcing. So a big company can set up a factory in another country, hire people in that other country, and ship our jobs over there to make their product there to sell into those markets. 
remove those barriers, make it so that you can build it here and send it over there. That means small businesses can also get engaged in trade. Small businesses can also get access to these markets. So by getting in a trade agreement, we remove those barriers from these countries who say, ‘‘If you want to sell your product in our country, then make it in our country,’’ to getting a trade agreement saying, ‘‘We remove these barriers, and we will allow you to make it in your country, America, and send it here.’’ 
trade agreements, so we can keep jobs and keep manufacturing in America, make and grow more things here so that we can have more jobs here and send them over there. It is why we have a trade surplus in manufacturing with the countries we had trade agreements with and a big manufacturing deficit with the countries we do not have trade agreements with. 
We already let a lot of other countries sell their goods into our country. Just go through Walmart, Farm & Fleet, K 
Mart, or Shopko, wherever you go buy stuff, and you will see things made in other countries all down the aisle. I bought this shirt I am wearing right now in Kenosha, Wisconsin, at the outlet mall. It was made in Malaysia. 
will not see something similar. You will not see a bunch of American products on their store shelves. Trade agreements say: Hey, wait, that is not fair. Let’s make it fair. You give us the same kind of access to your country that we are giving you to our country. 
That is what we get with trade agreements; level the playing field, keep it fair, and give us access to the fact that we have one in five jobs in America tied to trade, the fact that these jobs on average pay 18 percent more, so that we can keep that going so that we can have more jobs with higher wages. That is what this is about. 
worker is displaced—TAA is there to help that person get job training skills and benefits so they can get a new skill to get a new job to keep their life going where they want it to go. 
So that is why I expect a good vote 
here today. I am pleased that we are able to honor the agreements that were made, and I am very pleased that we are sending the signal to the rest of the world that this country is still willing and able to lead. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on adoption of the motion will be followed by a 5minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2200. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 286, nays 138, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) 
Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy 
Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed 
Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Babin Becerra Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boyle, Brendan 
Carter (GA) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Crawford Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Grijalva Hardy Harris 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis Lynch Massie McCaul 
McClintock Meadows Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rouzer Russell 
Salmon Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thompson (MS) Tipton Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
of New York, STUTZMAN, KNIGHT, MILLER of Florida, CLAWSON of Florida, LONG, and BUCHANAN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Stated for: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 25th, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 388. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (TAA/AGOA). 
25, 2015 I was unavoidably delayed and missed rollcall vote 388. Had I been present I would have voted in the affirmative. 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, due to an unforeseen conflict, I unavoidably missed the following vote on June 25, 2015. Had I been present I would have voted as follows: on rollcall No. 388, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ (June 25) (Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1295—Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015). 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 388, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2200) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear intelligence and information sharing functions of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis 
of the Department of Homeland Security and to require dissemination of information analyzed by the Department to entities with responsibilities relating to homeland security, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 420, nays 2, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers 
Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone 
Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
Stated for: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 25th, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 389. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the motion to suspend 
the rules and pass H.R. 2200, the CBRN Intelligence and Information Sharing Act, as amended. 
unable to vote on the afternoon of June 25, 2015, due to my attendance at a funeral. Had I been present, I would have voted: rollcall No. 388—‘‘nay,’’ rollcall No. 389—‘‘yea.’’ 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate reengross the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1735) ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’. 
pursuant to clause 1 of rule XXII and by direction of the Committee on Armed Services, I move to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1735) an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with a Senate amendment thereto, disagree to the Senate amendment, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas. 
The motion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
From the Committee on Armed Services, for consideration of the House bill and the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
Messrs. THORNBERRY , FORBES , M ILLERof Florida, W ILSON of South Carolina, L OBIONDO , BISHOP of Utah, T URNER, KLINE, ROGERS of Alabama, S HUSTER , CONAWAY , L AMBORN , W ITTMAN , HUNTER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Messrs. H ECK 
of Nevada, W ENSTRUP , Ms. S TEFANIK , 
of Washington, C OOPER , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. T SONGAS , Messrs. 
SPEIER , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, and Ms. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will announce the appointment of additional conferees at a subsequent time. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on consideration of the H.R. 2822, and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DENHAM ). Pursuant to House Resolution 333 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
to the floor H.R. 2822, the fiscal year 2016 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill. 
thank Chairman ROGERS for his leadership and support. Under his guidance, the Committee on Appropriations is again setting the standard for getting things done in the House. The Interior bill is the seventh appropriation bill to come to the floor so far this year. I also want to thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM), my good friend and ranking 
member, for her partnership and work on this bill. 
subcommittee members for their efforts and the collegiality that continues to be the hallmark of our subcommittee’s deliberations. Even though we may have differences of opinion within this bill, I greatly appreciate the Members’ constructive contribution, and I mean that sincerely. 
provided robust wildland fire funding. Fire suppression accounts at the Department of the Interior and the Forest Service are fully funded at the 10year average level. The hazardous fuels program was increased by $75 million to $526 million in the fiscal year 2015enacted bill, and that increase has been maintained in this bill. 
This bill also continues critical investments in Indian Country, a nonpartisan priority of the committee. Building upon the bipartisan work of the former subcommittee chairmen MIKESIMPSON , Jim Moran, and Norm 
Dicks, this bill continues to make investments in education, public safety, and health programs in Indian Country. 
Health Service is increased by $145 million, or 3 percent, while funding for the Bureaus of Indian Affairs and Education is increased by $165 million, or 6 percent, from fiscal year 2015 levels, the largest percentage increase in this bill. 
This bill provides full funding in fiscal year 2016 for the Payment in Lieu of Taxes, or PILT, payments. PILT payments are made to 49 of the 50 States as well as to the District of Columbia, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
National Park Service, including more than $60 million in new funding, relating to the centennial of the Park Service. 
priorities within the Fish and Wildlife Service accounts. The bill funds popular costshared grant programs above the fiscal year 2015enacted levels. It also provides additional funds to combat international wildlife trafficking, protects fish hatcheries from cuts and 
closures, continues funding to fight invasive species, and reduces the backlog of species that are recovered but not yet delisted. 
Land and Water Conservation Fund, programs that enjoy broad support—bipartisan support, for that matter. Some Members would prefer more funding; others would prefer less for LWCF. We have attempted to forge a middle ground that begins to return the emphasis of the Land and Water Conservation Fund to its original intent of recreation and State and local 
by $718 million, or 9 percent, from fiscal year 2015enacted levels. Members from the Great Lakes region will be pleased to know that the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is maintained at the fiscal year 2015enacted level of $300 million. Rural water technical assistance grants and many categorical grants, including radon grants, are level funded at the fiscal year 2015 enacted level. 
of concern over the number of regulatory actions being pursued by the EPA in the absence of legislation and without clear congressional direction. For this reason, the bill includes a number of provisions to stop unnecessary and damaging regulatory overreach by the Agency. 
Before closing, I would like to address the Endangered Species Act provisions in this bill. We have no interest in interfering with science or letting any species go extinct, but we are concerned about Federal regulatory actions lacking in basic fairness and common sense. The provisions in this bill address problems created by an ESA driven not by science, but by court orders that drain limited Agency resources and force the Department to cut corners to meet arbitrary deadlines. Nowhere is this more evident than with the sagegrouse. 
a listing or unnecessarily restrictive Federal land use plans will jeopardize existing conservation partnerships with States and private landowners. These partnerships are necessary to save both the sagebrush ecosystem and 
imminent threat of extinction, cooperative conservation must be given a chance to work. That is why this bill maintains a 1year delay on any decision to list sagegrouse along with full funding to implement conservation efforts. 
next step in a long legislative process. I hope over the coming months we will come together, as we do each year, to find common ground. In that spirit, I look forward to continuing to work with Ms. MCCOLLUM and the Members 
of the House on both sides of the aisle. 
on both sides for their hard work on this bill. On the minority side, I would like to thank Rick Healy, Rita Culp, Joe Carlile, as well as Rebecca Taylor. They have played an integral role in the process, and their efforts are very much appreciated. 
thank subcommittee staff Kristin Richmond, Jackie Kilroy, Betsy Bina, Jason Gray, Darren Benjamin, and Dave LesStrang. I would also like to thank Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Alexandra Berenter, and Tricia Evans on my personal staff for their great work. 
deserves the support of the Members of this body. 
Insert graphic folio 452/1 EH25JN15.001rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Oil and gas inspection and enforcement fees ........ . 
Subtotal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
1nsert graphic folio 452/2 EH25JN15.002rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
1nsert graphic folio 452/3 EH25JN15.003rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Subtotal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 258, 243 
National fish hatchery system operations ........... . 52,860 53,418 52,418 442 1,000 
Aquatic habitat and species conservation ........... . 76,668 74' 152 70,250 6,418 3,902 
1nsert graphic folio 452/4 EH25JN15.004rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Land Protection Planning. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... . 
Insert graphic folio 452/5 EH25JN15.005rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Insert graphic folio 452/6 EH25JN15.006rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Land change science. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 
Total, Climate and Land Use Change ........... . FY 2015 
Insert graphic folio 452/7 EH25JN15.007rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
1nsert graphic folio 452/8 EH25JN15.008rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Insert graphic folio 452/9 EH25JN15.009rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Forestry, .. , , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... , ... . 
Insert graphic folio 452/10 EH25JN15.010rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT DF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
(housing improvement, road maint, etc. in bill lang) .. 
1nsert graphic folio 452/11 EH25JN15.011rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Insert graphic folio 452/12 EH25JN15.012rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
TOTAL, TITLE I, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR ..... . 
Insert graphic folio 452/13 EH25JN15.013rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Insert graphic folio 452/14 EH25JN15.014rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
1nsert graphic folio 452/15 EH25JN15.015rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Trust Fund. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........ . 
State and 1 ocal air quality management ............. . 
1nsert graphic folio 452/16 EH25JN15.016rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
1nsert graphic folio 452/17 EH25JN15.017rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Deferral of road and trail fund payment .............. . 
Acquisition of lands to complete land exchanges ...... . 
Total, all wildland fire accounts .............. . FY 2015 
Insert graphic folio 452/18 EH25JN15.018rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Insert graphic folio 452/19 EH25JN15.019rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Bi odi versi ty Center. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ......... . 
Arthur M. Sackler Gallery/Freer Gallery of Art ..... . 
Insert graphic folio 452/20 EH25JN15.020rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Office of Ex hi bits Central....... . . . . . . . . ......... . 
Operation and maintenance of buildings and grounds ... . 
Insert graphic folio 452/21 EH25JN15.021rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
Insert graphic folio 452/22 EH25JN15.022rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2822) 
her support and her mentorship as I start working on this very first appropriations bill on the House floor. 
I would like to thank my subcommittee chairman, KENCALVERT , for 
the effort he has put into this bill. I appreciate that even as Chairman CALVERT grappled with an inadequate funding allocation, he carried out his work in an open and thoughtful manner. The chairman is to be commended for his diligence in holding 14 budget hearings, where we received testimony from nearly 150 witnesses. 
Let me also, along with the chairman, express my appreciation to the subcommittee staff on the minority and majority sides for their hard work during another difficult budget year. 
allocation given to the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations sets this bill up for failure. The majority’s refusal to adopt a sufficient overall budget allocation for discretionary appropriations has led to a bill that severely underfunds investments and protections that are priorities for the American people. 
for FY 2016 is $246 million below the current year’s enacted level. When added to the cuts of the past 5 years, this bill is more than $2 billion below the FY 2010 enacted level. In fact, when adjusted for inflation, this bill invests less than what was appropriated in 2005. 
But it gets worse. The rising emergency costs of combating wildland fires, courtordered Native American contract support costs, and the majority’s decision to abandon mandatory funding for the Payment in Lieu of Taxes program, otherwise known as PILT, means the remaining funding available for other critical public programs is far below the FY 2015 enacted. 
in the past, and almost 2,000 counties use this compensation for lost tax revenue to provide vital services. PILT should not be in this discretionary bill. It should be returned to mandatory spending. 
must pay full contract support costs to tribal nations. Contract support costs are true mandatory spending, and they should not be in this discretionary bill. 
Catastrophic wildland fires are natural disasters and, just as any other natural disaster, they should be treated as such emergency spending. Catastrophic wildland fires should not be subject to discretionary spending caps in this bill. 
Together, spending on these three activities consumes $5.4 billion, or 18 percent of the bill’s budget allocation. It is time for the authorizing committees to stop ignoring this problem and responsibly address what are truly mandatory costs, because these costs are 
of the programs funded by H.R. 2822? After years of cuts and flat funding, it means we are going backwards and undermining efforts to preserve America’s natural and cultural heritage, failing to meet our commitments to the social and economic wellbeing of Native Americans, and causing real and lasting harm to the environment. 
this year on the unmet needs in Indian Country, especially in the areas of education and health. Yet this bill’s inadequate allocation means that many Native American programs receive far less funding than what the President requested and what Native Americans indeed deserve. 
chairman pointed out, he and I share a deep bipartisan commitment to bettering the lives of Native Americans and to uphold our Federal trust and treaty obligations. 
parks was at a record high. With the upcoming centennial of the National Park Service in 2016, visitation is expected to increase. But what will visitors find when they come to the centennial celebration? 
find historic hotels in Yellowstone and Glacier National Parks that have serious health, safety, and accessibility issues. They will find closed facilities at Yosemite due to 70yearold sewer lines that are failing. And under the Republican spending plan, what visitors will not find are the hundreds of seasonal rangers that the Park Service needs to hire to restore staffing capacity to 2010 levels. 
of the funds requested for the National Park Service’s centennial are provided. By underfunding the Centennial Challenge, this bill misses the opportunity to allow the American public to support their parks through matching donations. 
The National Park’s Civil Rights initiative fares only slightly better, with just 19 percent of the request funded. It is our responsibility to act now to preserve the stories and monuments of the civil rights movement. 
Fund is cut by more than 25 percent below the FY 2015enacted level, continuing the pattern of shortchanging conservation. 
well, with cuts or flat funding to programs that assist in the recovery of species or help to prevent their listing in the first place. Funding decisions such as these set up the Endangered Species Act to fail. 
devastating cuts are again targeted at the Environmental Protection Agency. The bill cuts the EPA by $718 million from the FY 2015enacted level, a 9 percent cut. This is on top of the nearly 20 percent cut the Agency has received 
the water every American family drinks are all at risk by the funding cuts and policy attacks in this bill. When the majority says it wants to rein in the EPA, what they are really doing is denying the protection of our air and water. 
The consequences of abandoning public health and environmental protection will be negatively felt in communities across this Nation. Why? Because this bill cuts the Clean Water and Safe Drinking Water Revolving Funds by more than half a billion dollars. The revolving funds are part of a partnership with our communities to build and repair infrastructure that protects America’s drinking water and prevents sewage from contaminating our water. And when we invest in these water systems, we are also creating jobs in communities all across the country. 
Agriculture and the Interior released their latest summer fire forecast, which showed that fire costs are likely to exceed FY 2015enacted levels by nearly $300 million. 
$3.9 billion, of the bill’s allocation. And without some relief, these numbers will only continue to grow. 
In just the past 3 years, we have had 
to make up a total of a billiondollar shortfall that forced agencies to borrow funds from other accounts to pay for fire costs. We know the answer to this problem. Many of us are cosponsors of Mr. SIMPSON ’s bill, H.R. 167, to 
treat a portion of these wildfire costs as they are—disasters. 
Yet as problematic as the funding decisions in this bill are, what is even more troubling are the more than two dozen problem legislative riders and 
funding limitations contained in the bill, with seven of these being new this year. 
bill. These are proposals that should be moved through the authorizing committee, where open, transparent, and thoughtful debate can take place. 
this bill undermine our Nation’s bedrock environmental laws, endanger public health and safety, and deny the impact that climate change is having on our planet. 
that Agency scientists and procedures be ignored, saying that they ‘‘can’t be trusted.’’ Yet other provisions would overturn Federal court decisions and limit judicial review. 
As lawmakers, we create the legislation that guides our Nation, but my colleagues in the majority seem to need a reminder that we are only one of three branches of government. Clearly, we are the most important branch. But the other two branches have jobs to do as well. 
directives that certain Federal rules be issued. It would appear that the majority is okay with Federal rulemaking, but only as long as the rules are the ones they want. 
With the inadequate funding and special interest provisions, I share the administration’s concerns about this bill. I will submit the Statement of Administration Policy on H.R. 2822, which is eight pages and includes a veto threat. 
H.R. 2822—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR , ENVIRONMENT , AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO PRIATIONS ACT , 2016 
House passage of H.R. 2822, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, Environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. The bill drastically underfunds core Department of the Interior programs as well as the Environmental Protection Agency’s operating budget, which supports nationwide protection of human health and our vital air, water and land resources. Funding levels in the bill would prevent investments that reduce future costs to taxpayers by facilitating increased energy development and maintaining facilities and infrastructure in national parks, refuges, forests, public lands, and Indian Country. They would make it harder for States and businesses to plan and execute changes that would decrease carbon pollution and address the challenges the Nation faces from climate change. They would also reduce support for partnerships and effective collaboration with States, local governments and private entities on efforts to restore and conserve natural resources. Further, the bill includes numerous highly problematic ideological provisions that have no place in funding legislation. These provisions threaten to undermine the ability of States and communities to address climate change and protect a resource that is essential to America’s health—clean water, as well as the most basic protections for America’s special places and the people and wildlife that rely on them. If the President were presented with H.R. 2822, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
congressional Republican budget’s overall spending limits for fiscal year (FY) 2016 would hurt our economy and shortchange investments in middleclass priorities. Sequestration was never intended to take effect: rather, it was supposed to threaten such drastic cuts to both defense and nondefense funding that policymakers would be motivated to come to the table and reduce the deficit through smart, balanced reforms. The Republican framework would bring base discretionary funding for both nondefense and defense for FY 2016 to the lowest real levels in a decade. Compared to the President’s Budget, the cuts would result in tens of thousands of the Nation’s most vulnerable children losing access to Head Start, millions fewer workers receiving job training and employment services, and drastic cuts to research awards and grants, along with other impacts that would hurt the economy, the middle class, and Americans working hard to reach the middle class. 
put our national security at unnecessary risk, not only through pressures on defense spending, but also through pressures on State, USAID, Homeland Security, and other nondefense programs that help keep us safe. More broadly, the strength of our economy 
and the security of our Nation are linked. That is why the President has been clear that he is not willing to lock in sequestration going forward, nor will he accept fixes to defense without also fixing nondefense. 
The President’s senior advisors would recommend that he veto H.R. 2822 and any other legislation that implements the current Republican budget framework, which blocks the investments needed for our economy to compete in the future. The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress to reverse sequestration for defense and non defense priorities and offset the cost with commonsense spending and tax expenditure cuts, as Members of Congress from both parties have urged. 
opportunity to share additional views regarding the Committee’s version of the bill. 
EPA Operating Budget. The Administration disagrees strongly with the bill’s reduction to EPA’s operating budget by $474 million, or 13 percent, compared to the FY 2016 Budget request. This reduced level of funding would significantly undermine implementation of the Clean Power Plan and the recently finalized Clean Water Rule. The Clean Power Plan is a flexible and practical approach to addressing the risks of climate change by reducing carbon pollution from the electric power sector, the largest source of carbon pollution in the United States. Climate change is not only an environmental challenge, it is also an economic, public health, and national security challenge. Unabated climate change is projected to hamper economic growth in the United States and put the health and wellbeing of the Nation at risk from extreme weather events, wildland fire, poor air quality, and illnesses transmitted by food, water, and disease carriers such as mosquitos and ticks. Failing to address climate change would also exacerbate poverty and contribute to environmental degradation in developing countries, potentially resulting in resource shortages, political instability, and conflict. Meanwhile, the bill also reduces funding to implement the recently finalized Clean Water Rule that would ensure waters protected under the Clean Water Act are more precisely defined and predictably determined. By delaying implementation of this rule, business and industry face a more costly, difficult, and slower permitting process. 
State Categorical Grants. The Administration opposes the $118 million reduction to State and Tribal Categorical grants compared to the FY 2016 Budget request. Often, States and Tribes implement environmental programs through delegated authorities. However, the bill reduces these grants to States and Tribes to carry out activities such as water quality permitting, air monitoring, and hazardous waste management programs. In addition, the bill reduces funding for brownfields projects by $35 million, or 32 percent, from the FY 2016 Budget request. This reduced level of funding severely limits opportunities for local communities to revitalize their contaminated lands to improve environmental quality and spark economic redevelopment. 
State Revolving Funds (SRFs). The Administration objects to the funding levels provided for EPA’s Clean Water and Drinking Water SRFs. The bill reduces SRF funding by a combined $527 million from the FY 2016 Budget request, reducing necessary support to help communities finance water infrastructure improvements, resulting in approximately 200 fewer projects being funded nationally. 
Plants. The Administration strongly objects to section 428 of the bill, which would prohibit the use of funds to propose, finalize, implement or enforce carbon pollution standards for fossil fuelfired electric generating units that are the largest source of 
carbon pollution in the United States. The bill seeks to derail Administration efforts to address under section 111 of the Clean Air Act the urgent economic, public health, and national security impacts of unabated climate change. Failure to reduce the utility sector’s carbon footprint places the Nation at risk from extreme weather events, wildland fire, poor air quality, global instability, accelerated environmental degradation, and illnesses transmitted by food, water, and disease carriers such as mosquitos and ticks. 
Clean Water Act (CWA). The Administration believes that the CWA provisions in the bill undermine efforts to protect America’s clean water resources, which are critical to American families and businesses. The Administration strongly objects to section 422 of the bill in particular, which would disrupt the Administration’s current efforts to clarify the scope of CWA, hamstring future regulatory efforts, and create significant ambiguity regarding existing regulations and guidance. 
Social Cost of Carbon (SCC). The Administration regards the SCC as an essential component of the environmental rulemaking process and opposes the Congress’ interference with the Interagency Working Group’s (IWG) development of the SCC. The Administration strongly objects to section 437 of the bill, which would force the IWG to revise the SCC using only the discount rates 
and ‘‘domestic’’ SCC values stated in Executive Order 12866 and Office of Management and Budget Circular A–4. This revision would ignore the transboundary movement of carbon, fail to capture key costs of carbon emissions, and disrupt dozens of upcoming rules that would use the SCC to monetize carbon reduction benefits. 
Limitations on Significant New Alternatives Policy (SNAP) Program under the Clean Air Act (CAA). The Administration objects to section 435 of the bill, which would block the finalization, implementation, and enforcement of a rule to prohibit certain uses of climate superpollutants known as hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). Domestic action to reduce use of HFCs is consistent with U.S. advocacy for addressing HFCs on a global basis, such as through an amendment to the Montreal Protocol. 
National Ocean Policy. The Administration objects to section 425 of the bill, which prohibits any funding provided in the bill from being used to implement the marine planning components of the National Ocean Policy. This provision would prohibit the Department of the Interior (DOI) and EPA from participating in marine and coastal planning efforts, a process to better determine how the ocean, the Nation’s coasts, and the Great Lakes are managed in an efficient manner. 
as categorically ‘‘carbonneutral.’’ This language conflicts with existing EPA policies on biogenic CO2and interferes with the position of States that do not apply the same policies to forest biomass as other renewable fuels like solar or wind. This language stands in contradiction to a wideranging consensus on policies and best available science from EPA’s own independent Science Advisory Board, numerous technical studies, many States, and various other stakeholders. 
the elimination of funding for eManifest development, EPA’s system for electronically tracking the transport of hazardous waste. While the Administration acknowledges the concern about the pace of development of the eManifest, eliminating the requested $7 million in funding at this time would jeopardize EPA’s ongoing progress to develop the system and begin operations in the coming years. 
Lead Test Kits. The Administration objects to section 426 of the bill that would disrupt EPA’s current activities under the 2008 Lead Renovation, Repair and Painting rule until EPA approves a commercially available ‘‘improved’’ lead paint test kit. This provision would undermine EPA’s efforts to protect sensitive populations from exposure to lead, a known toxin to children and developing fetuses, during home renovation projects. 
The Administration opposes the $159 million, or 5 percent, reduction to BIA as compared to the FY 2016 Budget request. This funding level would limit DOI’s ability to make key investments in education and wraparound services to support Native youth, eliminating all increases to postsecondary scholarships and $10 million for education program enhancement funds to allow Bureau of Indian Education to drive school improvement and reforms. The bill reduces funding for initiatives aimed at supporting tribal selfdetermination through the creation of a onestop portal to facilitate access to Federal resources and funding to address data gaps in Indian Country, and the creation of an Office of Indian Affairs Policy, Program Evaluation, and Data to support effective, datadriven, tribal policy making and program implementation. In addition, this bill eliminates all increases to natural resources management on tribal lands, including funds to help tribal communities prepare for and respond to the impacts of climate change. 
The Administration opposes funding levels provided for the NPS Centennial. The bill fails to provide adequate funding to prepare for the Centennial in 2016, resulting in the delay of roughly 70 percent of lineitem park construction projects and 36 percent of repair and rehabilitation projects, and forgoes millions in matching private donations. The bill also fails to provide funding for engaging youth and cultivating the next generation of conservationminded individuals, including funding for transportation assistance to students from Title I schools. 
include a proposal in the FY 2016 Budget request to institute a new onshore oil and gas inspection fee program. The proposal, which is similar to the program already in place for offshore operations, would cover the cost of inspection activities and reduce the net cost to taxpayers of operating the Bureau of Land Management’s (BLM) oil and gas program. Failure to adopt the new fees and associated funding would hamper the BLM’s ability to protect human safety, conserve energy resources, facilitate the proper reporting of oil and gas production, and ensure environmental requirements are being followed in all phases of development. 
State and Tribal Wildlife Grants. The Administration opposes the 15 percent reduction to State and Tribal Wildlife Grants compared to the FY 2016 Budget request. This important program allows States and Tribes, key partners in conservation, to strategically protect wildlife and conserve habitat in a way that complements Federal investments and yields better results for the public. 
provides $452 million for PILT, which the Administration has proposed to fund through a separate mandatory appropriation in line with its previous congressional enactment. While the Administration appreciates the Committee’s support for PILT, inclusion of these funds in the bill comes at the expense of all other programs funded by the bill. 
bill would block DOI from implementing, administering or enforcing the Bureau of Land Management’s recentlyfinalized Hydraulic Fracturing rule. This would leave the agency reliant on 30year old requirements and prevent it from taking key steps to improve the safety of oil and gas drilling activities and improve opportunities for BLM to coordinate standards and processes with States and Tribes to reduce administrative costs and improve efficiency. 
would prohibit DOI’s Office of Surface Mining, Reclamation, and Enforcement from updating 30yearold stream protection regulations to reflect modern science and technology and better protect people and the environment, provide industry more certainty, and address recent court decisions. 
Hunting, Fishing and Recreational Shooting. Sections 421 and 424 would substantially impair the enforcement of a longstanding ban on the use of lead ammunition in the hunting of migratory waterfowl, and would complicate in other ways the overall implementation of hunting, fishing, and recreational shooting on public lands. 
interfere with ongoing Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) actions to combat wildlife trafficking, curb the poaching of African Elephants, and restrict trade in ivory, which would impair U.S. leadership in the global fight against ivory poaching. 
Endangered Species Act Restrictions. Sections 117, 121, and 122 of the bill undercut the Endangered Species Act by limiting the ability of the FWS to properly protect, based on the best available science, a number of species, including the greater sage grouse, northern longeared bat, and certain gray wolf populations. Language provisions, like those affecting the sage grouse, would only create additional uncertainty and undermine 
unprecedented efforts to conserve the sagebrush landscape and the Western way of life. 
Federal Acknowledgement of American Indian Tribes. Language under the heading ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs, Administrative Provisions’’ in the bill would block DOI from finalizing, implementing, administering, or enforcing the Administration’s proposed Federal acknowledgment rule, preventing DOI’s effort to improve the regulations governing the process and criteria by which the Secretary of the Interior acknowledges an Indian Tribe. 
(LWCF). The Administration objects to the drastic reduction of $152 million, or 38 percent, to the requested discretionary funding for DOI and USDA LWCF programs. LWCF is a cornerstone of Federal conservation and recreation preservation efforts. This funding level would severely impede agency capacity to further protect our Nation’s natural heritage. To date, the LWCF has contributed to the protection of key public lands, such as Rocky Mountain National Park, Mount Rainier National Park, and portions of the Appalachian Trail, among others, as well as State and local recreation projects and important cultural heritage sites. 
Wildland Fire Suppression. The Administration’s cap adjustment for wildfire suppression was not included in this bill. Continued inaction on this proposal, which has bipartisan support, would increase the likelihood of disruptive funding transfers for suppression and away from the very restoration and fire risk reduction programs that are meant to restore landscapes and reduce suppression costs and restore landscapes. 
Land Management Operations. The Administration opposes the $502 million, or 8 percent, reduction to operational funding to land management agencies, relative to the FY 2016 Budget request. This reduction would undermine support for the provision of basic public and business services that support the longterm health and resilience of national parks, forests, refuges, and other public lands. 
prohibits agencies from conditioning land use authorizations on the transfer, relinquishment, or impairment of a water right, or on the acquisition of a water right in the name of the United States. This language is unnecessary for its intended purpose, and would preclude land management agencies from protecting the public interest. The provision would eliminate the ability of land management agencies to maintain sufficient water for other congressionallydesignated purposes and ensure water rights are tied to the activities for which they were developed. These restrictions would also hamper cooperative work with land users to improve land conditions, such as range improvements, or conduct habitat mitigation activities as part of land use agreements. 
provides $357 million for capital improvement and maintenance of the national forest system, a 5 percent increase from the FY 2016 Budget request. While the Administration supports the capital improvement and maintenance of the Nation’s public forests in order to increase its health, resilience, and accessibility, the increase in this bill comes at the expense of other needed priorities. 
Administration strongly opposes the reduction to funding for Native American health 
Health Service (IHS) by $300 million, or 6 percent, below the FY 2016 Budget request. This would result in inadequate funding for the provision of health care to a population that is sicker and poorer compared to national averages. For example, compared to the FY 2016 Budget request, the bill reduces funding by nearly $50 million for Purchased and Referred Care, a program that supports health care not available in IHS and tribal facilities, which would exacerbate existing levels of denied care and waiting lists for services. 
Contract Support Costs. The Administration objects to the limitation in funding for tribal Contract Support Costs (CSC) for BIA and IHS. Specifically, the bill would limit funding for CSC that could perpetuate the funding issues described in the Supreme Court’s Salazar v. Ramah Navajo Chapter decision. The Congress should pursue a long term solution for CSC appropriations, providing an increase in funding in FY 2016 as part of a transition to a new threeyear mandatory funding stream in FY 2017, as proposed in the President’s Budget. 
funding for the Smithsonian Institution by $116 million, or 12 percent, below the FY 2016 Budget request—a reduction that can be expected to reduce public access to the Smithsonian as well as increase safety concerns through delays in planned renovations. With over 30 million visits to Smithsonian facilities recorded in 2014, it is important to ensure the museums, galleries, National Zoological Park, and nine research facilities that make up the world’s largest museum and research complex remain open, maintained, and available to the generations of Americans who make use of this unique institution each year. Specifically, the bill reductions would delay renovation for the National Air and Space Museum, where the museum has had to establish temporary covered walkways to protect the public from potential falling debris from its facade, and would reduce operating hours for the museums, including the new National Museum of African American History and Culture. 
Act of 2014 (DATA Act). The Administration urges the Congress to fully fund the FY 2016 Budget requests for DOI and EPA to implement the DATA Act. This funding would support efforts to provide more transparent Federal spending data, such as updating information technology systems, changing business processes, and employing a uniform procurement instrument identifier. 
U.S. Digital Service Team. The Administration urges the Congress to fully fund the FY 2016 Budget requests for DOI and EPA to develop U.S. Digital Service teams. This funding would support managing the agency’s digital services that have the greatest impact to citizens and businesses. 
Several provisions in the bill raise separation of powers concerns. 
The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress as the FY 2016 appropriations process moves forward. 
owe it to our constituents to be good stewards of the environment, to be protectors of public health, and to be defenders of the public good. We can do better than what this bill offers. H.R. 2822 falls short of our responsibilities to present and future generations. As such, I cannot support the bill in its current form. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), the full committee chairman. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
fiscal year 2016 Department of the Interior and Environment Appropriations bill. This is the eighth of the 12 individual bills that have made it to the floor. That is a record pace, by the way. It is the fastest that these bills have come before the House since at least 1974, when the Budget Control Act came into being. 
This bill, as the chairman said, provides just over $30 billion in discretionary funding for programs that preserve and nurture our Nation’s unique natural and cultural heritage. This fulfills our responsibility to the American taxpayers to provide funding for these important programs within a smart and sustainable budget. 
taxpayers, of course, doesn’t end there. The people of this Nation expect their government to act in a way that fosters economic development and job creation. This current administration has been neglecting that duty, instead choosing to push a regulatory agenda that would create an environment hostile to economic growth, that would put our energy independence at risk, and that could cost thousands of hard working Americans their jobs. 
stop this harmful executive overreach. First and foremost, we limit funding for the Environmental Protection Agency, cutting its funding by 9 percent from last year. 
implementing a litany of its egregious, expensive regulations, including applying new greenhouse gas regulations for power plants, updating existing ozone regulations, and changing the definitions of ‘‘navigable waters’’ and ‘‘fill material,’’ all of which could spell disaster for our economy. 
Land Management from hampering economic growth by halting increases in oil and gas inspection fees and from burdening ranchers with higher grazing fees. 
the government out of the way of growth, preventing the overregulation and overtaxation of American business and industry, and keeping down manufacturing costs and utility bills for families across the country. 
funding on other important Department of the Interior related programs. For instance, the bill creates a new $30 million program to help accelerate the reclamation of abandoned mine lands, boosting local community redevelopment. 
legal obligations to American Indians and Alaska Natives, increasing funding for programs that will help improve education systems, health facilities, and other infrastructure. 
and preparation for wildland fires, increasing funding for these programs billwide by $52 million. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a fine appropriations bill that we have before us today. I want to commend Chairman CALVERT for his good work on this bill. 
He, the ranking member, and the subcommittee have done a thorough job on the bill, and I am proud to support it. I also want to thank the staff for their work to bring this bill to the floor today. 
This is the maiden voyage, Mr. Chairman, of this cardinal, this new chairman, the new chairman of this subcommittee. This is his first bill, and it is a good one. I want to salute him and his staff for doing a great job in putting together a bill that was tough to put together. Congratulations to you. 
to take a moment to recognize one of my staff members, Mike Robinson, who will be moving on to greener pastures next week. 
20 years ago and has had several tenures in my personal office. Four years ago, he joined the Appropriations Committee, the front office, as coalitions and Member services director. 
chance to know Mike over these past 4 years. He has answered your questions. He has helped you offer amendments. He has helped guide dozens of appropriations bills to passage. He has been an integral part of the staff over these years, and we will miss him greatly when he departs. 
Mr. Chairman, this is an appropriations bill that puts our Nation’s economy first. It preserves the role of the Federal Government, making sure the government is doing its job well, not in a way that intrudes into the lives of American businesses or the American people, but in a way that encourages our economy to grow and thrive, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the 
Chairman R OGERS ; as well as my good 
an outstanding job in her first year as ranking member of the subcommittee; and all the hardworking staff on both sides of the aisle. 
is the latest in a series of bills that 
drastically shortchanges jobcreating investments and vital environmental protections, while carrying a wish list of special interest giveaways that hurt hardworking American families’ health and safety. 
The President proposed to end sequestration through more reasonable and realistic budgeting 4 months ago, but Republicans have yet to engage on finding a workable solution. How much longer do we have to play this charade, the Republican shutdown strategy, before the House considers bills that could be enacted? 
allocation for discretionary investments has led to a bill that severely underfunds far too many priorities. 
The EPA would be slashed $1.17 billion below the President’s request, $718 million below the 2015 enacted level. Such a draconian cut would take EPA investments back to 1997 levels. 
underfunded, with Indian Health facilities receiving $173 million less than the President’s request. 
the State revolving funds endanger our Nation’s water infrastructure, cutting 32,000 construction jobs on 207 projects, risking public health with fewer water and drinking water projects. 
Fund, which conserves irreplaceable lands and improves outdoor recreation opportunities, would be cut by 30 percent below the current level. 
dismantle critical environmental protections in the bill that are supposed to advance environmental initiatives. 
climate change deniers and the coal industry, the majority would prevent the administration from advancing new rules to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
existing activities to protect the environment, 2.8 million ocean industry jobs, $282 billion in GDP generated by ocean industries in coastal States, the National Ocean Policy’s implementation would be blocked. 
war on the Endangered Species Act, placing politics above science and jeopardizing the protection of precious species, including wolves. 
to lead the world to end the trade of ivory, the Fish and Wildlife Service’s efforts would be rolled back. 
Given the number of unnecessary riders, it is particularly disappointing that the majority didn’t include our colleague, Mr. SIMPSON ’s wildfire bill, 
an excellent proposal that would improve our ability to prepare for and respond to disasters. 
find a balanced and fiscally responsible way to lift the sequester that is strangling our investments in America’s future and invest in a stronger defense, better infrastructure, and bigger paycheck for America’s hardworking families. 
bill makes those investments and sheds unnecessary policy changes. I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided bill. 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ), our new hardworking member. 
Chairman, I want to express my appreciation to your hard work and to the ranking member, to your staff, and all who have worked so hard on this legislation. 
water. We love clean air. We love our mountains and our forests and our rivers. 
this President’s war on coal. This week, petitions from 26,000 West Virginians were delivered to my office asking the President to stop the war on coal. West Virginia’s jobs and our citizens’ livelihoods are on the line. The President has requested hundreds of millions of dollars to spend on new regulations, programs, and an army of lawyers to defend his illegal regulatory overreach. 
just the last 3 years of this administration. Today, we say ‘‘no’’ to funding the war on coal, ‘‘no’’ to regulatory overreach. We do cut the EPA’s budget by more than $1 billion from what was requested. We halt harmful, jobkilling rules on new and existing coalfired power plants. 
of navigable waters and fill material, no to imposing ozone regulations that are simply unachievable, and no to imposing the stream buffer zone rule. 
refused to come to West Virginia to talk to our communities and hard working coal miners, but instead, when she refused, I brought coal miners to the Appropriations Committee to tell their story, and it was a powerful story. 
voices to make sure they are heard here at the Capitol. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ), a member of 
to begin by thanking the subcommittee chairman, my friend from California, and the ranking member, my friend from Minnesota, for the hard work that they have put into today’s bill. 
I have gotten to see firsthand the enormous amount of work that went into 
the product that we have before us today, and it is, frankly, a testament to the hard work of the Appropriations Committee staff that we have been able to get to this point. 
for a number of really important provisions in the bill that I think are critical points of progress. In a very tough budget environment, this bill boosts funding for the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Indian Health Service, increasing the Federal commitment to addressing the needs of Indian Country. 
say that there is also a very strong effort here to ensure that the Forest Service can responsibly increase harvest levels on our national forests, as well as supporting new tools, such as collaboratives, that have the potential to bring folks together in a way that reduces the litigation risk surrounding these projects. 
Of course, I would love for us to be 
legislation addressing wildfire disaster funding. I have heard from so many people in my neck of the woods just how important it is that we get this taken care of it. 
The bill also provides essential resources to support recovery efforts in the Puget Sound. As both the chairman and ranking member of the subcommittee know, this is big deal, both for our natural environment and for our economy; and I will continue working with them to make sure we are dedicating the needed resources for this critical effort. 
the bill before us today. This bill comes in at $2 billion below the President’s budget request. It would cut funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund. It fails to make needed investments in the National Park System and takes a meat axe to the Environmental Protection Agency and the programs that protect clean water. 
just say we need to come together in a bipartisan way to end sequestration, to remove these budget caps, and to work on bipartisan bills that make the investments our Nation needs to boost economic development and protect our natural resources for future generations. 
I hope we do that, and I am eager to 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) for the purpose of engaging in a colloquy. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to thank you and the Appropriations Committee for its hard work on bringing this important legislation to the floor. 
with your staff on an issue of great importance to the Port of Savannah, which services 40 percent of American consumers. 
Cockspur Island within the Fort Pulaski National Monument to the Savannah Bar Pilots. The bar pilots help navigate large ships through the Savannah River channel to the port and have done so from Cockspur Island since as far as back as the 1730s. 
Service, Congress passed legislation to change the relationship between the bar pilots and the Park Service. With enactment of the Fort Pulaski National Monument Lease Authorization Act, Public Law 112–69, the relationship between the bar pilots and Park Service was shifted from a series of special use permits to a noncompete lease of up to 10 years. 
legislation, the Congressional Budget Office estimated the annual lease fee for the bar pilots would be $25,000, a slight increase from their existing rate based on a 2008 appraisal conducted by the Park Service. 
Park Service is attempting to use passage of the legislation to increase the lease fee by as much as tenfold. This is extremely problematic because such an increase could threaten to force the bar pilots off Cockspur Island. 
Simply given their history on the island, the idea of forcing the bar pilots to relocate is inappropriate, in and of itself. However, this is more troubling when you realize that pilotage services are required by law, so vessels are required to use their services to move in and out of the Port of Savannah, and there is no other known location from which pilots could operate more efficiently. 
longer transit times for vessels, increased safety risk in foul weather, delays in ship movement, and greater fuel usage for pilots and vessels waiting to call on the Port of Savannah. 
The resulting environmental and economic harm would significantly increase costs and could threaten growth at the Port of Savannah just as the Federal Government embarks on the construction phase of the $706 million Savannah Harbor Expansion Project. 
The legislation passed in 2011 was intended to create a longterm fix to the permitting issue, not to create an outlet by which the National Park Service could continuously raise fees to exorbitant levels. 
support of our efforts to find an equitable and timely resolution to this matter that reflects Congress’ intent and establishes a process for ensuring that the pilots are charged only fair market value in line with previous National Park Service appraisals and that they are able to continue operating from their current location on Cockspur Island. 
Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for bringing this matter to my attention. I share your concerns that this change could negatively impact the growth at the Port of Savannah just as work begins on the expansion project. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield myself an additional 30 seconds. 
I would note that, in testimony before the Senate, National Park Service Associate Director Stephen Whitesell testified that the Savannah bar pilots have operated ‘‘with virtually no adverse impact on park resources, on the visitor experience, or on park operations.’’ 
The legislation that passed at the request of the Park Service in 2011 was supposed to simply improve the legal basis through which the bar pilots and the Park Service entered into a contract. 
timely solution to this matter that ensures the Fort Pulaski National Monument Lease Authorization Act is appropriately implemented and that the bar pilots are not forced to move from Cockspur Island. 
Mr. Chairman, for your attention to this issue and for your service in shepherding this important legislation through the legislative process. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), a colleague of mine on 
the gentlewoman from Minnesota, Ranking Member MCCOLLUM , as well as 
for working with me to include important language relative to the National Park Service. 
threat to a significant part of the history of the region I represent, the Battle of Lake Erie that paved the way for America’s expansion beyond 13 colonies, commemorated by Perry’s Victory and International Peace Memorial at PutInBay, Ohio. 
coastal tourism in Ohio, attracting 130,000 visitors just last year, and more than double as many people were reached through their educational activities. 
been unnecessarily targeted for consolidation. The idea that resources and, more importantly, management of this popular site would shift to a noncontiguous, smaller installation in a different State is both concerning and, frankly, quite puzzling. 
with the bill are there to ensure that Perry’s Memorial will continue operating as a standalone site. 
ranking member to continue working with me to address this need moving forward to ensure that this misguided consolidation plan is stopped. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I am certainly happy to continue to work with the gentlewoman from Minnesota and to address her concerns as this process continues. 
from Ohio has my commitment to work with the chairman to resolve it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I thank both the chairman and ranking member. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS). 
today in support of H.R. 2822, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2016. 
EPA’s regulatory overreach is checked by Congress. Key provisions included will stop the EPA’s most burdensome and damaging regulations and encourage opportunities for water infrastructure investment. 
This bill ensures that the EPA cannot use resources to expand the definitions of the ‘‘waters of the United States’’ and ‘‘fill material’’ beyond what Congress wrote in the Clean Water Act. As the King v. Burwell case just taught us, this administration is eager to redefine words to suit their purposes. This House must stand up to them, and in this bill, we are. 
backstops for ensuring the EPA’s clean water rule does not move forward in implementation because this rule is nothing more than a Federal power grab and a substantial expansion of Clean Water Act jurisdiction. Even the agencies implementing this rule have concerns about the clarity of its changes. 
I am also pleased to see the committee supports an integrated planning approach to help communities affordably manage and meet their burdensome regulatory obligations under the Clean Water Act. Communities face enormous financial pressure to have quality services for its residents, including clean water. This approach can potentially save ratepayers millions of dollars while focusing clean water investments in a way that ensures the greatest water quality benefit. 
Lastly, this bill encourages the implementation of the bipartisan pilot program, Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act, better known as WIFIA, that was authorized under WRRDA in 2014. 
will set the stage for EPA to implement WIFIA loans in fiscal years 2017 to provide credit assistance for water resource infrastructure projects and act as a complement to the major source of Federal investment in water 
Revolving Fund, known as the SRF. This program will provide communities increased options and flexibility for funding their critical water infrastructure projects. 
Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for recognizing the importance of these provisions and for putting together a bill that sets appropriate levels for agencies and programs. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ), a thoughtful and valued member of the subcommittee. 
member for yielding me time and for the nice comments and the ability to work with her on the committee. I do appreciate the work of the Chair and the ranking member very much on this bill. 
Mr. Chair, there are so many important programs that are funded in the Department of Interior Appropriations bill. I am proud to be on this committee and particularly to serve on this subcommittee. 
good chairman in conjunction with a great ranking member, but at the end of the day, the funding levels are still too low. We cannot get bipartisan support on this bill when there are not enough dollars to go around. The reality is we need to get rid of the sequester, roll back the Budget Control Act caps, and pass these bills with funding levels that move our country forward, not backward. 
stated, when adjusted for inflation, this bill provides less than the appropriated levels in FY 2005. That is just not sufficient for the vital programs in this bill, programs that monitor and protect the water we drink and the air we breathe and regulate the products we use. 
bill, such as the Bureau of Indian Education construction budget and the Forest Legacy program and the international forestry accounts, and I am glad to see them there, but there is so much more to be concerned about. 
to the Fish and Wildlife Service endangered species listing program, which is cut by 50 percent, and the overall Land and Water Conservation Fund cuts. This overall Land and Water Conservation Fund level is 20 percent less than last year, and that is very frustrating, knowing how important this program is to every single congressional district in the country. 
as the Aquatic Animal Drug Approval Partnership Program are funded at last year’s level—and no higher—when we really need to understand the diseases that affect our fish and establish treatment options to protect them. 
funds critical research programs and the monitoring of climate change, 
stormwater gauges, earthquake and weather research is also funded only at last year’s level. 
Arts and National Endowment for the Humanities were denied the additional resources they requested, including funds that would have been used to increase programming for our veterans and wounded warriors. 
For those of us in Maine who are so 
proud of our national park, Acadia National Park, and are strong supporters of parks across the country, there is simply not enough funding. There are not enough dollars for the improvements and maintenance that is needed in any given year, but particularly needed in this special centennial year. 
once in a lifetime opportunity for us to highlight our parks and help millions of Americans who have not been to a national park before to see our Nation’s greatest treasures. 
Again, I recognize completely the position that this subcommittee and our other subcommittees have been in because of the Budget Control Act caps, but these programs deserve more. 
chair and ranking member as this bill moves forward, to try to improve the areas that still need attention. 
rise in support of H.R. 2822, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2016. 
It is no secret that the EPA is out of 
control. I think everybody across this great land knows that. A few weeks ago, the EPA issued their final rule to redefine waters of the U.S., completely ignoring the will of the House and stakeholders all across America. 
U.S. would now include smaller bodies of water and even some dry land. In fact, this new definition would extend the EPA’s regulatory reach to seemingly any body of water, including that water puddled in your ditch after a rain storm. Yes, you heard me right. 
owners, farmers, Realtors, and homebuilders in my district; and they are all concerned about the negative impact this rule could have—and rightly so. This rule is so broad that it could very well require them to get permission from a Federal bureaucrat before acting on their own property. 
the other members of the committee for including language in this appropriations bill to prohibit any funds from being used to implement this new rule. 
I am proud to support this bill, and I 
I inquire as to how much time is left? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ), a valued 
Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gentlewoman, my friend, for yielding. 
legislation for many reasons but, in particular, because it vastly underfunds the operation of our national parks, as well as many other important priorities. 
Service will celebrate its 100th anniversary. Our national parks are the envy of the world and serve as a model for their emphasis on conservation. 
for more than 400 parks, heritage areas, monuments, and the historical sites; occupies more than 84 million acres of land in all 50 States; and is home to more than 1,000 endangered or threatened animal species. It is the responsibility of the National Park Service to preserve these sites so that future generations may enjoy them. 
of our stunning landscapes, natural wonders, and historic sites. From Yosemite National Park in California to Mammoth Cave—the world’s longest known cave system, in Kentucky—to the Great Smoky Mountains in Tennessee and North Carolina, our national parks are an essential part of the American fabric and have been called America’s best idea. 
National Park System over the next year. This is more than $187 million below the amount that was requested by the President. This account funds the critical needs of our National Park System, such as support services for new responsibilities within the system, resource stewardship, and facilities management. 
The National Park System is a significant driver of economic activity. More than 275 million people visit our national parks each year. In 2013, it was estimated that every dollar invested in the National Park Service saw a return of $10. 
this economic engine and beacon of American tourism is operating at the highest level so that it can continue to fulfill its vital economic, environmental, and cultural role. 
Service has proper funding for operation ensures that we are able to preserve the story of our country’s development into the Nation that it is today. 
the Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park, created last year after I sponsored legislation in the House in cooperation with Senator JACKREEDin 
the Senate, marks the birthplace of the American industrial revolution. 
Sites like old Slater Mill in Pawtucket and the Museum of Work and 
environmental, social, and cultural transformation. In the best spirit of the National Park Service, the Blackstone River Valley tells a nationally significant multidimensional story. It illustrates how a beautiful natural landscape and powerful waterways fueled the industrial revolution and launched farreaching changes to our Nation’s economy and social structure. 
Blackstone serves only as one example of why it is essential that our national parks are properly funded and are able to operate in a manner in which millions of Americans continue to appreciate the storied history of our Nation. 
and set spending levels that meet our current responsibilities to be good stewards of the environment and protect the natural beauty of America. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS), a valued 
have made no secret about the fact that they want to strangle the EPA and undermine its vital environmental work, but they make little mention of how this bill also threatens our national security. 
home of a number of critical radiation response programs, including one of the only two EPA mobile field labs that can quickly be deployed should a radiological incident occur anywhere in the West. They can process air, soil, and water samples. 
by the Republicans, however, EPA will soon be moving this unit to Montgomery, Alabama, and decommissioning its other mobile lab. That will leave the whole country with only one EPA radiation response lab, which will be located over 2,000 miles from Los Angeles, 2,600 miles from Seattle, and 1,800 miles from Las Vegas and the Nevada test site. 
gamble our health and safety to satisfy their corporate friends, but I am not, and that is why I am asking my colleagues to vote against this legislation and fund our agencies at levels necessary to protect our national security. 
not have an update on the Member that I am waiting for. I yield back the balance of my time. 
just say that this is a good bill. A lot of work has gone into it, and I would make sure that everyone votes for it because it is a fine bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, let me thank our Ranking Member, Congresswoman MCCOLLUM , for 
yielding, and for her tremendous leadership of this Subcommittee. 
and Environment bill before us would place health and safety of all Americans at risk. It dangerously cuts finding by $246 million from FY2015 levels and is $3.1 billion less than the President’s FY2016 request. 
our air quality, land, water and conservation funding and will have devastating impacts on all communities in my home state of California and across the country. 
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) by more than 700 million dollars—from FY2015 levels and funds the agency at more than a billion dollars less than the President’s FY2016 request. These profound cuts would significantly harm the Clean Water Fund and the Safe Drinking Water Fund—critical programs that ensure the safety of our drinking water and our children. 
It also includes $40 million in cuts to the 
Historic Preservation Fund (HPP), which would weaken the National Park Services’ (NPS) ability to preserve sites significant in the Civil Rights Movement. This includes sites like the Selma to Montgomery National Historic Trail, where many of us participated in the commemoration of the 50th Anniversary of Bloody Sunday. 
riders in this bill that would block clean air protections, such as the EPA’s Clean Power Plan. 
income, vulnerable communities, already suffer from poor air quality because of dirty carbon pollution. 
We know that communities of color are disproportionately affected by pollutionrelated illnesses, including asthma. According to the American Academy of Allergy Asthma and Immunology, one in six African American and one in nine Latino children suffer from asthma. 
would block the protection of our imperiled wildlife under the Endangered Species Act, like the Greater Sage Grouse population. 
that has safeguarded more than 2,000 plants and wildlife from extinction. This law enjoys broad support from nearly 85 percent of Americans. And yet here we are again, with a bill that seeks to undermine decades of, animal protection and runs counter to vast public support. 
Mr. Chair, we need to continue to fight to 
defend our environment, address climate change, and make real, meaningful impacts on reducing greenhouse gas emissions so we protect our environment, our children and our future. 
we can address the insufficient funding allocations and backwards policy riders that would harm every American and put our precious environment at risk. 
amendment each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be subject to amendment. No pro forma amendment shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. The chair of the Committee of the Whole may accord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the CONGRESSIONAL  
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums 
are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: 
Page 2, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
this amendment is really relatively simple. It takes $1 million from the Bureau of Land Management’s management of lands account and inserts it right back into the account with the intent of identifying unused land for potential sale to Americans. 
forfeitures account already has the authority to dispose of land under the Bureau of Land Management, but is not specifically appropriated funds. 
States Government owns and controls 640 million acres of American land. This is 27 percent of the entire landmass in the United States. If you take all of the countries in Western Europe, the United States Government, Uncle Sam, owns that much land and more. 
In this poster to my left, the red portions of the poster identify land that is owned by Uncle Sam, the Federal Government. The white portions, of course, are land that is owned by private entities. Included in the red area is Alaska. The red area represents 27 percent of the landmass in the United States. A lot of this land is unused, and it is not even managed by the Federal Government. It is just sitting in these different parts of the country. 
tells the Bureau of Land Management to study the possibility of selling some of this land back to Americans. Let Americans own America, not all of it. We are not talking about the national parks, the national forests. We are not talking about Yosemite. We are talking about the unused abandoned land in the United States, but yet it is still owned by this Federal Government. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask that this amendment be adopted. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POEof Texas). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
today to offer an amendment, along with my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) and my friend from North 
This amendment will address an energy infrastructure issue that faces our Nation today, as well as continuing regulatory overreach by the Environmental Protection Agency. 
revolution has dramatically improved our energy security at home and our economic opportunity for hardworking Americans. The United States is now the number one producer of oil and gas in the world, yet we are in the midst of new challenges due to a lack of appropriate infrastructure to bring those resources to our consumers. 
that methane emissions from oil and gas wells are down 79 percent since 2005, and total methane emissions from natural gas systems are down 11 percent since that same year. However, the administration intends to propose another regulation that only results in more bureaucratic red tape and higher energy costs. This does nothing to address the underlying issue. 
only achieves lower greenhouse gas emissions, but also improves the outcomes for the American taxpayer. 
amount of funds made available to both the Bureau of Land Management and the U.S. Forest Service by $5 million each to help expedite the approval of additional pipeline infrastructure that would more efficiently and more cleanly deliver our taxpayerowned resources to consumers. This will ensure that the BLM and the Forest Service have the appropriate resources to permit rightsofway for gathering lines on Federal lands. This increase would be offset by a very modest reduction of less than onehalf of 1 percent to the EPA environmental programs and management accounts. 
these natural resources to market using the latest lowemissions, cutting edge technology. Permitting and constructing this critical infrastructure is beneficial to the environment since natural gas could be transported, processed, and sold to consumers instead of being vented or flared, which creates the greenhouse gas problems. 
furthers our country’s ongoing energy renaissance, while creating more jobs and growing our economy. A recent API study shows over 1.1 million jobs on average per year and over $1.1 trillion in capital investments will be generated by updating our domestic midstream infrastructure. 
provides three great outcomes: first, it reduces greenhouse gas emissions; second, it provides critical infrastructure to safely transport taxpayerowned resources to consumer markets; and 
third, it promotes goodpaying American jobs for these hardworking American families. 
I also want to take a second to compliment and thank my friend from California (Mr. CALVERT ) and all of the 
subcommittee members and all of the subcommittee staff for such a great job on this Interior Appropriations bill. 
Mr. FLORES. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. I like the amendment. I would accept that amendment. 
gentleman’s amendment would cut $12 million from the Environmental Protection Agency program and shift $5 million to the Bureau of Land Management and $5 million to the Forest Service. 
easy target for many of my colleagues across here on the other side of the aisle, but I want to assure my colleagues and understand if this amendment were to be adopted, this account funds program is important to both sides of the aisle. For example, it includes permitting for construction projects across the country; toxic risk prevention, part of the successful brownfields program; pesticide licensing; indoor air quality; radiation. 
beyond the political talking point of various regulations, and it is necessary to keep this valuable Agency able to do the functions it needs to do to protect public health. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to make sure that everybody knows that this cuts onehalf of 1 percent from the EPA to hopefully help stop them from pursuing a regulatory scheme where the industry is already working to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and then it takes that money and puts it into accounts where we actually achieve greenhouse gas reductions and we bring taxpayerowned resources to market in a clean, safe, and efficient way. 
those things: reduces greenhouse gas emissions, better jobs, and better infrastructure for hardworking Americans. 
my amendment and to support the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ). 
Page 2, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $14,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will 
listening to the previous debate, I would certainly agree we have made great strides in America in accessing oil and gas, so much so that we have now become almost energy independent, all for the good. All of that has happened in the last 7 to 8 years, and we are thankful for that. 
money than needed. The administration has asked for about $32 million less. 
look at where we really do need to spend some money. This amendment that I am proposing deals with this. This is California’s water situation today. The great Central Valley of California is rapidly depleting its aquifers. The water resources that agriculture and communities depend upon are rapidly depleting. 
$11,611,000 to the USGS, to Geological Survey, for the purposes of studying the aquifers of California. Now, keep in mind that the State of California voters approved a $7 billion bond act of which a good portion of that money is for underground aquifer storage. 
to have the engineering to go with it, and this amendment would provide the additional money that the USGS needs in order to do the surveys and the engineering and understanding the geology of those areas where we might be able to have the aquifers replenished. That is what it is all about. 
for the purposes that the committee has identified in the approval and the permitting of mineral and gas and oil resources. 
who is well aware of these issues, including aquifers in the San Fernando and the Santa Anna aquifer area, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
necessarily oppose where the gentleman wants to go; I just oppose the offset right now because, under the budget scenario that we are operating under, we obviously have cut back a lot of these agencies somewhat. I am sympathetic to the job that the 
United States Geological Survey has. As you know, in California, we probably have the most adjudicated water rights in the world. I will work on this in the future as this process moves forward. 
If it is necessary, after some conversations with USGS, that they need additional resources, I will be happy to work with the gentleman to attempt to do so, but this offset, we could not accept at this time. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
the issues of water in California, as well as anyone does, and also understands that, in order for us to meet the current and certainly any future drought, we are going to have to use the aquifers, which will require the services and the knowledge and capability of the U.S. Geological Survey to fully comprehend the potential that the various aquifers have throughout the State, those in southern California, as well as the Central Valley and coastal areas. 
the chairman as the process moves along and see if we might be able to find sufficient money and address the specific needs of aquifer surveys by the USGS. I look forward to working with the gentleman on that. 
this and going to a vote, I heard the gentleman suggest that we can work together and quite possibly solve this problem. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 2, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,325,000)’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
ranking members for the fine work they have done on H.R. 2822. I think, overall, it is a great bill. 
over $25 million from the Bureau of Land Management’s law enforcement activities and transfer that money into the deficit savings account. 
Land Management, has a force of roughly 200 uniformed officers and 70 criminal investigators on staff enforcing a wide range of laws. In addition, 
the FBI has 35,000 agents; the Department of Homeland Security has over 70,000 enforcement agents; the IRS has over 3,700 criminal investigation employees, including 2,600 special agents; the ATF has over 2,500 special agents; and the DEA has over 5,000. 
are over 115,000 national law agents in just these five agencies. I feel that we have enough Federal agencies to deal with the problem to enforce the laws on the books, especially when we are talking about the violations on Federal lands. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
million from the Bureau of Land Management program and put the savings into the socalled spending reduction account. 
plans on reducing that amount on law enforcement in the Bureau of Land Management. The employees who are out doing this work are already overstretched and find themselves sometimes in very dangerous positions. 
The BLM is the caretaker of our Nation’s public lands. They protect one eighth of the country. I think that we should make sure that BLM law enforcement is able to do their job, do their job safely, come home to their families, and protect America’s resources. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
gentleman knows, I am a westerner. As was pointed out by Mr. POE, a significant amount of the West is in BLM control. In dealing with the BLM over the years, they have a lot of land mass that they deal with, and they also work with the Native American tribes and others dealing with really a restricted number of law enforcement. 
about how well they operate, but I would hope that we didn’t have to do this because there is a considerable need for some law enforcement in those vast areas in which the Federal Government owns throughout the Western United States. 
that we are on both sides, I don’t have to remind people that we have the debt ceiling coming up, and we are short of money; we have the highway trust fund that is going to come up again at the end of July, and we are short of money. I believe that the Federal Government has enough agents and more than enough debt for sure. 
they talk to us about what happened out in Nevada with the Cliven Bundy case. When you have the Bureau of Land Management with SWAT capabilities showing up like they do, we get asked: Why are agencies like this having that kind of tactical gear? Why do they have that kind of capacity? 
sense, and we do have to patrol those areas. I just think, at this point in time, that $25 million would serve our debt. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this 
bill already is $246 million below the FY 2015enacted level. This amendment only causes further damage. 
Let’s look at what has been happening over the past decade. As the funding has decreased, we know from committee hearings that the demands on the BLM have increased. There are more oil and gas leases to manage to make sure that they are properly protected. 
Bureau of Land Management, also with law enforcement, is working directly with the public sometimes who are out recreating and accessing these lands. 
I would just like, once again, to reiterate my strong opposition to cutting law enforcement for BLM. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, in lieu of 
what the chairman is saying, I will withdraw the amendment at this time if we can have a serious discussion about the debt before September. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 2, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,010,000)’’. 
Page 8, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,902,000)’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
this bill deals with the very real problem for delivering water to southern California. 
the way in which the California water system works, water flows down the Sacramento River—I will just put this up here—water comes down the Sacramento River from the north and up the San Joaquin from the south. 
massive pumps at Tracy pick the water up, put it in the canals, and send it to 
the San Joaquin Valley and then on to southern California, Los Angeles, Orange County, and other cities in that massive urban area. 
There is a problem in the delta, a lot 
of problems. One of the problems is aquatic plants. The delta is being totally overrun by water hyacinths. Other parts of the United States and the West are also finding these invasive water aquatic plants plugging their pumps, reducing water supply, eliminating opportunities for boating, recreation, fishing, and the like. 
that problem by adding $3,902,000 to the aquatic habitat and species conservation fund, thereby allowing the Federal agencies to work with the State and local agencies to attack the aquatic plants. 
want to have more water flowing south to the San Joaquin Valley and southern California’s great metropolitan areas, including Orange County, ought to be in favor of unplugging the pumps and getting the water hyacinths reduced in the delta. 
That is what we would do. It is a very 
real problem; it is a problem that exists today, and it is also money that comes from some 32 million more dollars in this Bureau of Land Management oil and gas permitting account than the President thought necessary. Surely, there is a little bit of room to move around so that southern California can have the water that it needs. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate what the gentleman is attempting to do, again, on the offset. 
this issue of the sagegrouse in the West. We, in effect, gave both the BLM and the Fish and Wildlife Service additional resources in order for us not to be in a position to list the sagegrouse so as to make sure that we do what is necessary in the sage ecosystem. 
conservation accounts within the Fish and Wildlife Service for those types of invasive species. We have a number of invasive species, not just in the plant world, but, obviously, we have this invasive clam, as you mentioned, that is stuffing up the quagga mussel, and that is causing disruptions throughout the West. 
trying to do. It is just that we are under the budget allocations we have. We have done what we can in both of these accounts, which is to do good work on conservation and to make sure we conserve species and get rid of bad species throughout the United States. I would hope the gentleman would withdraw his amendment, and I will work 
with him in the future on the other issue. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, the 
chairman is quite correct. We do have a problem. We do have quagga mussels. We have this particular one, the water hyacinths, and there are other aquatic invasive species that are causing havoc throughout the United States—certainly, the quagga mussel in the East, along the Great Lakes, Chicago and the rest—and certainly in California. The energy systems at Hoover Dam, on the Colorado River, are impeded by quagga mussels, and there is the delta with water hyacinths, and there are other lakes and streams throughout the West. 
grow, we are going to continue to have less water and less power available to 
us. This is just under $4 million coming out of an account that was plussed up by some $32 million over and above what the administration thought necessary. I would remind all of us that the administration has done a rather good job on permitting, so much so that we now have the greatest production of oil and gas ever in the United States, so much so that we are on the verge of becoming energy sufficient. 
what is already being done, or would that $4 million of that $32 million be better spent in dealing with the very real problem of trying to get water to the pumps so it can go south to Orange County and to Los Angeles and to San Joaquin County? 
working with you, but I am going to ask for a vote on this one. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, in 
closing, the plus up in the BLM account was primarily to help resolve the issue in 11 States involving the sage grouse, which is close to a listing, and we have a plus up in the Fish and Wildlife Service accounts to recognize a real problem that hits 11 Western States. 
We do not underestimate the problems in the West as they involve the drought, and we are going to continue to work on that. Again, I would oppose this based upon the offset. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
Administration program operations, including the cost of administering the mining 
expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Bureau and credited to this appropriation from mining claim maintenance fees and location fees that are hereby authorized for fiscal year 2016, so as to result in a final appropriation estimated at not more than $1,015,046,000, and $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, from communication site rental fees established by the Bureau for the cost of administering communication site activities. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 3, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. 
Page 8, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $11,000,000)’’. 
Page 9, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
to the request of the gentleman from New Hampshire? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from New Hampshire and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
in support of my amendment to the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill in order to increase funding by $16 million for the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
collected annually to specifically fund Federal land acquisition, conserve threatened and endangered species, and provide grants to States. However, more than $18 billion has been syphoned from the LWCF trust fund since the program’s inception in 1965, diverted from their original conservation purpose. Despite a history of underfunding, the LWCF remains a crucial Federal program to conserve our Nation’s land, water, historic, and recreational heritage. 
Hampshire know, we are lucky to call one of the most pristine ecological environments in the Nation our home, and we understand firsthand LWCF’s impact on both our State’s natural resources and on our access to hunting, fishing, and outdoor activities. The 
LWCF is also an essential tool to expand public lands and to protect national parks, national wildlife refuges, national forests, wild and scenic river corridors, national scenic and historic trails, the Bureau of Land Management lands, and other Federal areas. 
I applaud the Appropriations Committee for its hard work on this important bill as it does prevent harmful executive overreach, reduces regulatory burdens on job creators and local communities, and it finds important savings for taxpayers. I certainly urge my colleagues to support the underlying bill, but given the importance of the LWCF programs across the country and in New Hampshire, I believe more robust funding for this particular program is important for the reasons I have stated. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, as the gentleman knows, the bill already provides $87 million for other land acquisition. Our intent was to needle a Federal land acquisition program that has strong support in the East—certainly, in New Hampshire—and lukewarm support in the West, where the government already owns a significant amount of real estate in the Western United States. When the conference begins on this bill with the Senate, Congress will exercise its power of the purse by selecting projects from the President’s budget to improve recreational access that have strong local, State, and congressional support. 
know he is a strong advocate of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, but this amendment might leave advocates on both sides of the aisle with some difficult and unnecessary choices. Therefore, I ask the gentleman to consider withdrawing his amendment, knowing I will be working with him in the future to see if we can’t be of assistance through the conference process. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
chairman, and I look forward to working with him on this particular issue as it is important and critical to New Hampshire. 
the East and the West and the challenges that we do face. Certainly, I support, again, the underlying bill, and I look forward to working with the chairman on this very important issue in New Hampshire. 
have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 3. line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
everyone here, this is one of those amendments that really becomes a talking point amendment, but this is something we need to talk about. Our colleague, a moment ago, raised the question of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. In addition to the words that he spoke, we need to be aware that, later this next month—in about 100 days, actually. I guess that is more than a month—the Land and Water Conservation Fund is going to disappear. It needs to be reauthorized, and I see on the floor here today the men and women who are in a position to make that happen. 
For example, there are projects in the Sequoia National Forest, which is in the majority leader’s district, that were funded through the Land and Water Conservation Fund. There is a Galloway Park playground expansion in Clark County, Ohio. I think we know in whose district that is—the Speaker’s district. The chairman of the subcommittee here is from San Bernardino. There is the Santa Rosa and San Jacinto Mountains National Monument, and there is a Santa Ana River Trail and Parkway. I am sure the chairman is familiar with that parkway. These are all Land and Water Conservation projects that, over the years, have been in place. We have 100 days, and we have got some work to do here. 
$18 billion in the Land and Water Conservation Fund, should it continue to exist, that has not been spent. It is sitting there. Well, I guess there is an IOU there. Actually, the cash isn’t there. There is an IOU because, over the years, we have diverted money from the original purpose and law to transfer that money over to all kinds of projects. Perhaps some of it even went to debt reduction. Nonetheless, it has not been used for its intended purpose and legal purpose, which is for the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Every year, over $900 million of royalties comes in from the oil and gas and energy companies for the public resources that they mine or pump out of the earth. Only a small fraction of that money has ever gone to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
I want all of us to pay attention to 
this extraordinarily important program—a program that I was able to work with when I was Deputy Secretary at the Department of the Interior, overseeing the projects in all of 
of the big national parks, including national forests, such as the one in Mr. MCCARTHY ’s district. 
to reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund? Why is it that, every year, we deny the public, whether it is a playground or a swimming pool or a park expansion playground in Ohio, the opportunity for better lives in their own communities? 
think that if any of us were to think about this for any amount of time that we would not say, yes, let’s reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Let’s not let it expire. Let’s make sure that the money that was intended for it—the royalties from the resources of this great Nation—be spent on providing for the projects that all of America can enjoy. That is what it is all about. 
I don’t know if I will go to a vote on 
this one, but I have, in my view here, leaders in the House who really have the power and, I think, the obligation to make sure the LWCF, the Land and Water Conservation Fund, is reauthorized and that we adequately fund it. I achieved, at least, my own goal of talking about something that I believe to be important. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
protection, and development of resources and for construction, operation, and maintenance of access roads, reforestation, and other improvements on the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands, on other Federal lands in the Oregon and California landgrant counties of Oregon, and on adjacent rightsofway; and acquisition of lands or interests therein, including existing connecting roads on or adjacent to such grant lands; $110,602,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That 25 percent of the 
For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisition of lands and interests therein, and improvement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751), notwithstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act (43 U.S.C. 315b, 315m) and the amount designated for range improvements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from BankheadJones lands transferred to the Department of the Interior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That not to exceed $600,000 
costs related to processing application documents and other authorizations for use and disposal of public lands and resources, for costs of providing copies of official public land documents, for monitoring construction, operation, and termination of facilities in conjunction with use authorizations, and for rehabilitation of damaged property, such amounts as may be collected under Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), and under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185), to remain available until expended: Provided , That, notwithstanding any 
such moneys that are in excess of amounts needed to repair damage to the exact land for which funds were collected may be used to repair other damaged public lands. 
carry out the operations funded under this Act by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erection, and dismantlement of temporary structures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the discretion of the Secretary, for information or evidence concerning violations of laws administered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities authorized or approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided , That 
notwithstanding Public Law 90–620 (44 U.S.C. 501), the Bureau may, under cooperative costsharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further , That 
projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to provide an identified amount of money in support of the project may be carried out by the Bureau on a reimbursable basis. Appropriations herein made shall not be available for the destruction of healthy, unadopted, wild horses and burros in the care of the Bureau or its contractors or for the sale of wild horses and burros that results in their destruction for processing into commercial products. 
States Fish and Wildlife Service, as authorized by law, and for scientific and economic studies, general administration, and for the performance of other authorized functions related to such resources, $1,220,343,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That not to exceed $10,257,000 shall be 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 8, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,200,000)’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I will be brief and also try to improve just a little bit on a very good bill. 
resource management account is funding for the National Wildlife Refuge System. By my amendment, we ask that an extra $1 million be added to this account. We are offsetting the increase by taking $1 million from the $2.4 billion Environmental Protection Agency programs and management account, hardly a stretch. 
has grown to over 563 national wildlife refuge and 38 wetland management districts, 150 million acres in all. We have several of these national wildlife refuges in my district or near my district, including J.N. ‘‘Ding’’ Darling National Wildlife Refuge on Sanibel Island and the Florida Panther National Wildlife Refuge outside of Naples. 
Refuge, in particular, sets itself apart as a leading contributor to the economy, with 816,000 visitors a year. Importantly, my hero, my mother, loves to go there, and I love to take her there in the autumn of her lifetime. I ask my fellow Members to support this 
think this is a good amendment. I certainly support it and would ask Members to vote ‘‘aye’’ on the amendment. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and the ranking member. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CLAWSON of 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
For construction, improvement, acquisition, or removal of buildings and other facilities required in the conservation, management, investigation, protection, and utilization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests therein; $13,144,000, to remain available until expended. 
Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965, (16 U.S.C. 460l4 et seq.), including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, $27,500,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided , That 
none of the funds appropriated for specific land acquisition projects may be used to pay for any administrative overhead, planning or other management costs. 
For expenses necessary to carry out section 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1535), $50,095,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
Act of October 17, 1978 (16 U.S.C. 715s), $13,228,000. 
provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.), $35,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), $3,660,000, to remain available until expended. 
African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.), the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq.), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), $9,561,000, to remain available until expended. 
and to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, the 
Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Indian tribes under the provisions of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, for the development and implementation of programs for the benefit of wildlife and their habitat, including species that are not hunted or fished, $59,195,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of the amount provided herein, $4,084,000 is for a competitive grant program for Indian tribes not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided further , That $5,987,000 is 
for a competitive grant program to implement approved plans for States, territories, and other jurisdictions and at the discretion of affected States, the regional Associations of fish and wildlife agencies, not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided further , That the Secretary 
under this paragraph shall be adjusted equitably so that no State shall be apportioned a sum which is less than 1 percent of the amount available for apportionment under this paragraph for any fiscal year or more than 5 percent of such amount: Provided further, That the Federal share of planning 
grants shall not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such projects and the Federal share of implementation grants shall not exceed 65 percent of the total costs of such projects: Provided further , That the nonFederal share of such projects may not be derived from Federal grant programs: Provided 
to any State, territory, or other jurisdiction that remains unobligated as of September 30, 2017, shall be reapportioned, together with funds appropriated in 2018, in the manner provided herein. 
The United States Fish and Wildlife Service may carry out the operations of Service programs by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities. Appropriations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall be available for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reservation areas caused by operations of the Service; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed $1 for each option; facilities incident to such public recreational uses on conservation areas as are consistent with their primary purpose; and the maintenance and improvement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Service and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in connection with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided , That 
notwithstanding 44 U.S.C. 501, the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share at least onehalf the cost of printing either in cash or services and the Service determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further , That 
the Service may accept donated aircraft as replacements for existing aircraft: Provided 
all fees collected for nontoxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the heading ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service—Resource Management’’ and shall be available to the Secretary, without further appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such nontoxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall remain available until expended. 
For expenses necessary for the management, operation, and maintenance of areas and facilities administered by the National Park Service and for the general administration of the National Park Service, $2,327,811,000, of which $10,001,000 for planning and interagency coordination in support of Everglades restoration and $96,961,000 for maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation projects for constructed assets shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘reduced by $1,250,000’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, by this amendment, we are asking for an additional $1 million to be put towards Everglades restoration to be paid for with a decrease in the Environmental Protection Agency’s environmental programs and management account. 
I first want to say that I am grateful 
to my Democratic colleague from Florida, PATRICK MURPHY , who has supported me on this and repeatedly supports our important Everglades initiatives. 
Shortly after retiring from the private sector 3 years ago, I took a walk in the Gulf with my father. When we waded into the Gulf, we got to about knee depth of water, and we looked down and we couldn’t see our toes because that was a bad year for all the discharges into the Gulf of Mexico. 
So my dad said to me: Can you do 
have an extensive network of over 1.5 million acres of freshwater and saltwater, known as Everglades National Park. It is the largest remaining subtropical wilderness in the United States, and it serves as home to numerous beautiful species, including a number of endangered species. For these reasons, we must guarantee the Everglades continue to reflect our shared values of healthy landscape through effective stewardship and conscientious management, and that is why I offer this amendment today. 
in support of the gentleman’s amendment. I know he has been a champion for the Everglades. It is certainly a concern of this committee. I want to get out there and look at those pythons in the Everglades. I understand they are all over the place. 
amendment. I would urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote when it comes up. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CLAWSON ). 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 15, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,500,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), 
the subcommittee chairman, as well as the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the ranking member, for 
their hard work in shepherding this important legislation to the floor and, most importantly, for working with me and my staff to propose this amendment and to make sure that it is budget neutral. 
Rights Act, we need to invest in the National Park Service sites associated 
with the civil rights movement, not cut necessary funding. Seminal locations such as the Selma to Montgomery National Historic Trail, Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site, Brown v. Board of Education National Historic Site, and the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site tell the story of the struggle for civil rights and voting rights in this country. It is our obligation to preserve these prominent locations for future generations. 
$2.5 million for the documentation and preservation of civil rights history as well as restores $2.5 million for the rehabilitation and preservation of historic sites on the campuses of Historically Black Colleges, and $2 million additional for competitive grants for the civil rights initiative to preserve sites of the civil rights movement. 
Alabama and Tougaloo College in Mississippi served as a base for students who were involved in the civil rights movement. Some projects that would benefit would include digitizing the archives at places like Tuskegee University, where the Tuskegee Airmen as well as the records and papers of Booker T. Washington and George Washington Carver reside. Other sites that would benefit from this funding include the Carter G. Woodson Home National Historic Site in Washington, D.C., the Selma Interpretive Center at Selma University, the Selma to Montgomery Interpretive Center at Alabama State University, and the Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Historic Park in Maryland. 
as the Representative of the Seventh Congressional District and a proud product of Selma, Alabama, my native hometown, it has been an honor to not only represent this wonderful district, but to protect the legacy of those that came before us and to make sure that the history of the movement is preserved for future generations. 
2015, to welcome President and Mrs. Obama as well as President and Mrs. George W. Bush, along with 100 Members of Congress and the Senate, Republican and Democrat, to my hometown of Selma, where we commemorated the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery March. Let us try to preserve that history and continue to show our commitment to the legacy of JOHNLEWIS and those brave 
Freedom Fighters who changed the Nation as well as this world by their quest for equality and justice for all. 
I want to again thank the subcommittee chair, Mr. CALVERT , and I 
want to thank the ranking member, Ms. MCCOLLUM , for their dedication 
and commitment to this preservation. I urge my colleagues to support the Sewell amendment and commit ourselves to the task of preserving the civil rights and voting rights. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
Mr. CALVERT. I claim time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the gentlewoman for a fine amendment and the great work that she has done working with both the majority and minority staff in fashioning this amendment. 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota. 
thank the gentleman for the generosity of yielding to me. 
to increase funding for the President’s civil rights initiative. I remain a strong supporter of the President’s initial request for $50 million for the civil rights initiative. While the gentlewoman’s amendment would increase funding by $7 million, we still have a long way to go to get the adequate funding for these very important sacred places, I might add, in our Nation’s history, to protect them. 
I appreciate the majority’s willingness to accept this amendment, and I thank the sponsor for offering it. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I just want to again reiterate my thanks. In this commemorative year of the Selma to Montgomery March and so many pivotal moments, including our upcoming 50th anniversary of the signing of the Voting Rights Act, I thank you for your commitment to making sure that we preserve these wonderful sites for future generations. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chair, I wish to join my 
colleague from Alabama, Congresswoman SEWELL , to support this amendment, which would 
restore necessary funding for preserving our nation’s Civil Rights history. 
$2.5 million for documentation and preservation of Civil Rights history, as well as restoring $2.5 million for the rehabilitation and preservation of historic sites on the campuses of HBCUs. In my own state of Maryland, the Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Monument in Dorchester is currently putting together educational programming in conjunction with the Harriet Tubman State Park, which is slated to open later this year. 
of telling our American story—especially in light of the fact that, currently, only 26 of our nation’s 460 national parks have a primary focus on AfricanAmerican history. 
It is our responsibility as federal representatives to come together in order to preserve the history of our nation and its people. We must keep this commitment to preserve the legacy of the Civil Rights Movement, and the land and structures that will keep that legacy alive. 
I encourage all of my colleagues, both Democrat and Republican, to support this amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment will help ensure that all communities are able to participate in decisions that shape the National Park Service. Environmental justice is defined as the fair treatment and meaningful involvement of all people—regardless of race, color, national origin, or income—with respect to our Nation’s environmental laws and policies. This amendment represents an important step towards that goal. 
The NPS has a robust planning, environment, and public comment database and Web site, known as PEPC. 
and providing information on planning issues such as management plans, construction projects, environmental assessments, and environmental impact statements. This Web site is how the users of the National Park Service can participate in NPS decisionmaking. 
only available in English—no Spanish, none of the Asian languages spoken by the fastest growing segment of our population, and none of the indigenous languages of our Native American brothers and sisters. 
amendment will provide $1 million to update PEPC. This funding will provide translation of the contents of PEPC to the public, the ability of the public to provide input into the PEPC process in the most commonly spoken languages, and informing affected communities of the improvements. 
more and more diverse every day, and our land management agencies must adapt to it. It is critical that new and growing community can access our public lands and services. They are the new users and stewards that Federal land management agencies such as the National Park Service must engage as it prepares for its centennial. 
will need improved tools to clearly communicate with people who may struggle to comprehend materials in English. That is exactly what my amendment intends to accomplish. 
This measure will help the Park Service and the Department of the Interior to achieve their performance benchmarks. 
One of the key measures of the Department’s environmental justice outcomes is outreach to minority and underserved communities. Executive Order 13116 states that all Federal agencies shall provide access to services for persons with limited English proficiency. By offering a Web interface in multiple languages, NPS will increase its relevance to minority communities and help the Department of the Interior to make progress towards this very important requirement. 
engaging the public on important decisions that affect their communities is a linchpin of our system of government. When all communities are afforded access to the decisionmaking process, we improve the outcomes of those decisions and we strengthen our democracy. 
supporting this critical amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
For expenses necessary for emergency infrastructure repairs related to the National Park Service deferred maintenance backlog, $11,500,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the amendment. 
the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer an amendment to provide $11.5 billion to fund emergency infrastructure repairs related to the National Park Service deferred maintenance backlog. 
National Park Service, at the recommendation of the Department of Transportation, took the precautionary measure of closing two lanes on the iconic Arlington Memorial Bridge, one of the most important entrances to the Nation’s Capital and a major artery for many of my constituents commuting to work every day. 
whose replacement will cost a startling $250 million, demonstrates the degradation of park infrastructure throughout 
the country. It also shows the extent of the backlog and the need to provide funds to ensure reliability for the economy as well as the safety of the public. 
of a steady decline in the construction account. Over the last decade, there has been a 62 percent decline, $227 million in today’s dollars. The Park Service receives only 58 cents out of every dollar needed just to keep the backlog from growing. 
richest country in the history of mankind. We are the democratic leader, the military leader, the human rights leader, the financial leader of all the world. Can we not also be the investment leader? 
that invests in our infrastructure today for our children and our grandchildren tomorrow. 
of increased funding for the National Park Service in order to address the deferred maintenance backlog. 
Despite its significant and multifaceted contributions to our country, the National Park Service budget has been shrinking, compromising its ability to adequately protect our treasured national history. Shrinking appropriations and increasing wear and tear on aging infrastructure has led to a maintenance backlog of approximately $11.5 billion dollars, including dilapidated visitor centers, unmaintained trails, and failing water treatment facilities. 
approximately $6 billion, is comprised of transportation projects that require funding through the Highway Trust Fund, not the Park Service. The Arlington Memorial Bridge, which is so important to our nation, connecting the Lincoln Memorial to Arlington National Cemetery, is so badly corroded that it must be partially shut down for six to nine months. In fact, the estimated total cost of repairs for the bridge is more than the entire annual allocation to the Park Service from the Highway Trust Fund. 
want our children and grandchildren to have the same opportunity to visit and enjoy some of our nation’s most iconic sites. 
At recent hearings on the Natural Resources Committee, I have heard many of my colleagues express their frustrations with the maintenance backlog. This is our opportunity to address the problem, but we are once again kicking the can down the pothole riddled, crumbling road. 
National Park Service, which will bring even more visitors to our parks. I urge my colleagues to not only address the maintenance backlog at the National Park Service, but to come together and pass a longterm fix for the Highway Trust Fund so that we can address the maintenance backlog. 
make a point of order that the amendment proposes a net increase in budget authority in the bill. 
The amendment proposes a net increase in budget authority in the bill in violation of such section. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
in support of increased funding for the National Park Service in order to address the deferred maintenance backlog. 
Despite its significant and multifaceted contributions to our country, the National Park Service budget has been shrinking, compromising its ability to adequately protect our treasured national history. 
Shrinking appropriations and increasing wear and tear on aging infrastructure has led—— 
must confine her remarks to the point of order. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, the Interior Subcommittee has done its best to invest in parks, but given its insufficient allocation, this was the only meaningful way for the very obvious need for the $11.5 billion for infrastructure. 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The gentleman from California 
order against an amendment proposing a net increase in budget authority in the pending bill. 
As persuasively asserted by the gentleman from California, the amendment proposes a net increase in budget authority in the bill. Therefore, the point of order is sustained. The amendment is not in order. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
For expenses necessary to carry out recreation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance and review, international park affairs, and grant administration, not otherwise provided for, $62,467,000. 
National Historic Preservation Act (16 U.S.C. 470 et seq.), $60,910,000, to be derived from the Historic Preservation Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which 
$500,000 is for competitive grants for the survey and nomination of properties to the National Register of Historic Places and as National Historic Landmarks associated with communities currently underrepresented, as determined by the Secretary, and of which $4,500,000 is for competitive grants to preserve the sites and stories of the Civil Rights movement: Provided , That such competitive 
replacement of physical facilities, including modifications authorized by section 104 of the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989 (16 U.S.C. 410r8), $139,555,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, for any project initially funded in fiscal year 2016 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5–Year Line Item Construction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further , 
That the solicitation and contract shall contain the clause availability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18. 
year 2016 by section 9 of the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 (16 U.S.C. 460l 10a) is rescinded. 
Land and Water Conservation Act of 1965 (16 U.S.C. 460l4 through 11), including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of lands or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with the statutory authority applicable to the National Park Service, $84,367,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which $48,117,000 is for the State assistance program and of which $9,000,000 shall be for the American Battlefield Protection Program grants as authorized by section 7301 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11). 
That not less than 50 percent of the total cost of each project or program shall be derived from nonFederal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of donation guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My amendment is intended to recognize the National Park Service’s Centennial Challenge and the importance of funding the program at the level requested by President Obama and the National Park Service. 
the National Park Service, a milestone in this country’s history that we as a nation should be proud of and celebrate. For a century now, the national parks have preserved and protected our Nation’s natural, cultural, and historic resources for the use and enjoyment of future generations. I am proud to represent two national parks. 
In my hometown, the Lowell National Historic Park was the first urban national park of its kind, commemorating, preserving, and protecting the catalytic role the city played in spawning America’s Industrial Revolution. 
is just down the road in Concord, where visitors can see firsthand where the shot heard ’round the world was fired and where the American Revolution began. 
grateful that our country has made the commitment to protecting our history and our landscapes for future generations, coming away awed and inspired by the sites that have shaped who we are as a people. 
The upcoming centennial is a tremendous opportunity to increase public engagement with our parks so that we may not only celebrate the places we love to visit with family and friends, but also make the necessary investments that will prepare our parks for the next 100 years. 
Despite its significant and multifaceted obligations, the Park Service budget has been shrinking, compromising its ability to ensure adequate protection to our treasured national history. 
a 7 percent, or $178 million in today’s dollars, reduction in the account to operate national parks. Over the last decade, there has been a 62 percent, or $227 million in today’s dollars, decline in the National Park Service construction account. This has led to an enormous deferred maintenance backlog, totaling $11.5 billion of dilapidated visitor centers, unmaintained trail centers, and failing water treatment facilities. 
Historically, our parks have had bipartisan support. To mark the 50th anniversary of the National Park Service in 1966, President Eisenhower initiated Mission 66, which invested more than $1 billion in improvements to visitor facilities throughout the park system. 
Ten years ahead of the 100th anniversary, President George W. Bush launched the Centennial Initiative, a 10year, $3 billion plan to restore the parks through a combination of public and private funding. That effort was never fully realized, but President Obama revived the initiative ahead of the 2016 centennial celebration. 
Congress provided $10 million to reinvigorate the Centennial Challenge. The initial $10 million Federal investment was matched by an additional $16 million in private donations for signature centennial projects. 
throughout the country to improve visitor services, chip away at the deferred maintenance backlog, and support youth programs. Over 200 projects were submitted, demonstrating the high demand for additional money to be matched by private contributions. 
the $10 million investment this year, Congress should strongly consider increasing funding levels for the Centennial Challenge in 2017. 
task, given the inadequate funding allocation provided for the Interior Department under the Budget Control Act and sequestration. I regret that we were unable to do so through this amendment. The funding allocation for the National Park Service represents 
yet another example of why Congress must work together on a bipartisan basis to end sequestration. 
I hope that we can find a way to support the Centennial Challenge and the President’s budget request for the National Park Service so that we not only celebrate the places we love to visit with family and friends, but to make the necessary investments that will prepare our parks for the next 100 years. 
minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER .) 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of Representative T SONGAS ’ 
amendment to support the National Park Service’s Centennial Challenge. 
Ranger, I am proud to serve as a Congressional Friend of the National Park Service Centennial, and I eagerly await the centennial in 2016: Find Your Park. 
year, it is important to ensure they have the resources they need to enter into the second century of service to the American people. The Interior Subcommittee has tried its very best to invest in parks, given its insufficient allocation; but with the centennial approaching and the buildup of park needs, this level is not remotely enough for parks. 
both the Budget Control Act and emergency wildfire suppression on the Interior allocation, Congress still must find a way to meet the needs of parks by securing another budget deal to get rid of the threat of sequester. There is no better time than the centennial for a robust investment in our national parks by Congress and the American people. It is time to make our national parks a national priority. 
back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. POEof 
Texas). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
National Park Service funds may be transferred to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Department of Transportation, for purposes authorized under 23 U.S.C. 204. Transfers may include a reasonable amount for FHWA administrative support costs. 
shall be used to pay more than onehalf the cost of topographic mapping or water resources data collection and investigations carried on in cooperation with States and municipalities. 
activities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be 
available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the public interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisition of lands for gauging stations and observation wells; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geological Sciences; and payment of compensation and expenses of persons employed by the Survey duly appointed to represent the United States in the negotiation and administration of interstate compacts: Provided , That activities funded 
by appropriations herein made may be accomplished through the use of contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further , That the United 
States Geological Survey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indirectly with institutions or nonprofit organizations, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 6101, for the temporary or intermittent services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to compensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal employees for any other purposes. 
easements, rightsofway and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marinerelated purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving operations related thereto, as authorized by law; for environmental studies, as authorized by law; 
for implementing other laws and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $167,270,000, of which $70,648,000, is to remain available until September 30, 2017 and of which $96,622,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further , 
That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $70,648,000: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for reasonable expenses related to promoting volunteer beach and marine cleanup activities. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 21, line 3, after each of the first and 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
for and transporting oil and gas is a dirty and dangerous business. There is no disputing that. 
by the oil industry, spills do happen, and they will continue to happen as we depend on fossil fuels for our energy needs. 
Sadly, my constituents in Santa Barbara, California, are far too familiar with this reality. Just over a month ago, on May 19, over 100,000 gallons of crude oil spilled from the Plains All American pipeline along the Gaviota Coast. The oil spilled down a hill, through a culvert, and into the ocean, eventually spreading thick, black tar along nearly 100 miles of coastline. 
This was a unique spill, in that it impacted both land and ocean, requiring both the Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, as well as the Coast Guard to respond to and lead the cleanup effort. 
When it comes to oil spills, the damage gets worse by the minute, so ensuring that spill response teams are properly trained and prepared to respond quickly is essential to minimizing the impacts. This is precisely why the EPA has jurisdiction over the inland oil spill program. 
The EPA uses this funding to prevent, to prepare for, and to respond to oil spills associated with the more than 600,000 oil storage facilities that the Agency regulates. The EPA’s oil program also provides oil spill response resources and training for States, localities, and tribal governments. 
this program has been seriously underfunded for years, and H.R. 2822 only makes things worse by funding this program at nearly 25 percent less than the President requested. 
My amendment would simply increase funding for this program by $5.4 million, to match the President’s requested amount of $23.4 million for fiscal year 2016. This modest increase in funding would help ensure that EPA can do its job to help protect coastal areas, like the one I represent, from the impacts of oil spills. 
be offset by reducing the conventional energy account at the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, or BOME, by an equal amount. 
I want to be clear. This funding reduction for BOME is intended to target the funding used for new offshore oil and gas leasing. BOME will continue to fund safety operations and environmental assessments. 
program being drafted by BOME calls for 14 potential lease sales, including in some new areas off the East Coast. Expanding drilling by cutting funding for oil spill cleanup is incredibly irresponsible. 
career in Congress fighting to stop offshore drilling because I firmly believe 
the risks outweigh the benefits. Perhaps the current majority does not agree with me on this goal. 
I hope we can at least all agree that 
we should not be expanding oil drilling unless we are properly preparing for the spills that will inevitably occur. As long as we drill for oil, there will be oil spills, and the economic and ecological risks of these spills only increases when the oil is extracted offshore. 
for responding to offshore spills, the recent spill in my district shows that offshore drilling can also have onshore impacts, especially for coastal communities like those I represent. 
All American pipeline was extracted just a few miles offshore in Federal waters. It was then pumped onshore to a holding facility, and it continued through the pipeline that ruptured. This offshore oil spilled from the pipeline, down a hillside, on to the beach, and back into the ocean under which it had been extracted. 
Drilling and spill cleanup are inextricably linked. The least we can do is ensure that the EPA has the resources it needs to ensure that the spills are quickly and properly cleaned up when they inevitably happen. 
This is precisely what my amendment seeks to achieve. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
many of the amendments today before us, I cannot support the offset. Let me say this: EPA may be reimbursed for oil spill response activities from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund. 
have direct access to that trust fund to avoid the delays, these administrative reimbursement delays, when responding to an oil spill such as what happened in California. However, that is an authorizing issue, not an appropriating issue. 
those dollars will be there eventually to clean that up, and we just need to clean up the bureaucracy to have more immediacy in that process. 
no additional speakers. I am prepared to close. In closing, I would like to reiterate two points. 
inherently dangerous, there is no disputing that. Spills do happen. Unfortunately, my district observed these consequences firsthand during the Plains pipeline spill just over a month ago. 
to extract, to transport, and to utilize oil, we need to be prepared for the inevitability of these spills. The EPA’s inland oil spill program is intended for just this purpose, to be prepared to respond to the inevitable. 
extraction, including offshore, without being prepared to respond to its risk. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I don’t agree to the offset. The fact that we have an Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, that should be accessed. 
I will be happy to work with the gentlewoman to work with the authorizers where we can get more immediate response to these kinds of activities that happen from time to time around the country, but I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
of operations related to leases, easements, rightsofway and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf, as authorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as authorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $123,354,000, of which $66,147,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2017, and of which $57,207,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided , That this 
total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further , 
That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $66,147,000. 
remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which 
shall be derived from nonrefundable inspection fees collected in fiscal year 2016, as provided in this Act: Provided , That to the extent that amounts realized from such inspection fees exceed $65,000,000, the amounts realized in excess of $65,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain available until expended: Provided further , That for fiscal year 2016, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and missionrelated costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly development, subject to environmental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.), including the review of applications for permits to drill. 
section 1016, title IV, sections 4202 and 4303, title VII, and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $14,899,000, which shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until expended. 
provisions of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $123,253,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That appropriations for the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement may provide for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 24, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 65, lines 5 and 10, after each dollar 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Ohio and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I, too, would like to thank Chairman CALVERT and the subcommittee 
for a great underlying piece of legislation. We have got a great appropriations bill here, and I look forward to supporting it. 
My amendment to the FY 2016 Interior and Environment Appropriations bill will keep the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement’s spending in check with the agency’s obligation. Specifically, it will reduce OSM’s regulation and technology budget by $2 million and transfer those funds to the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds. 
perform 97 percent of the regulatory activity relating to surface coal mining in the United States; yet OSM receives 25 percent of the staffing resources to perform 3 percent of the work. This amendment will help bring 
spending in parity with the work done by OSM. 
and Reclamation Act, or SMCRA, was enacted to allow States with approved programs to assume exclusive jurisdiction of mining in their States, under the current administration, OSM has increasingly used its inflated budget to improperly usurp the lawful decisions of State regulators. 
This amendment will help curtail excessive Federal interference and restore the State’s role in surface mining regulation. For instance, over the past 5 years, OSM has spent more than $10 million of its disproportionately large budget to pursue a wholesale regulatory rewrite of the agency’s regulatory program. 
by the agency, this massive regulatory undertaking has little to do with protecting streams and more to do with riding roughshod over State regulating programs and the role of other agencies, including State Clean Water Act regulators. 
During its pursuit of the stream protection rule, OSM has completely cut 
States out of the process, in violation of its legal obligations under the National Environmental Policy Act. 
resources of the agency from promulgating a rule made without State consultation and in violation of NEPA. 
memorandum of understanding with OSM and agreed to serve as cooperating agencies for the development of the environmental impact statement to accompany the socalled stream protection rule. 
Of those 10 States, six have withdrawn their respective MOUs due to lack of consultation from OSM. These States include Alabama, New Mexico, Utah, Texas, Kentucky, and West Virginia. More States are expected to withdraw. While Wyoming is still a cooperating agency, they have requested that their State seal be removed from the EIS. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my fellow colleagues to support this amendment that will keep spending in check with the OSM’s statutory responsibilities. 
in support of the amendment. I understand there is a level of frustration regarding the Office of Surface Mining’s continued use of funds to develop the stream buffer rule, and we attempted to address that through the bill language to limit funding. 
doing for water infrastructure. It is a good amendment that will leverage jobs, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, at this time, I yield 2 minutes to my colleague from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ). Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise today in support of Congressman JOHNSON ’s amendment to 
cut $2 million from the Office of Surface Mining regulatory and technology budget and transfer those funds to the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds. 
an office that has launched an allout war on coal in my home State of West Virginia. The Office of Surface Mining’s stream protection rule is intentionally designed to shut down all surface mining and a significant section of underground mining in the Appalachian region. 
stream protection rule is estimated to cost nearly 80,000 direct coalrelated jobs. The coal industry is vital to West Virginia and my district. Coal supports over 90 percent of the power generation in my State. It is crucial that we cut the funding for the Office of Surface Mining before they can do any more damage. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I thank subcommittee Chairman CALVERT again for supporting this 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote by my colleagues. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
In addition, for costs to review, administer, and enforce permits issued by the Bureau pursuant to section 507 of Public Law 95μ0987 (30 U.S.C. 1257), $40,000, to remain 
assessed and collected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended: Provided further , That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $123,253,000. 
IV of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95 μ0987, 
$27,303,000, to be derived from receipts of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided , 
Department of the Interior is authorized to use up to 20 percent from the recovery of the delinquent debt owed to the United States Government to pay for contracts to collect these debts: Provided further , That funds 
made available under title IV of Public Law 95μ0987 may be used for any required non 
Federal share of the cost of projects funded by the Federal Government for the purpose of environmental restoration related to treatment or abatement of acid mine drainage from abandoned mines: Provided further , 
That such projects must be consistent with the purposes and priorities of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act: Provided further , That amounts provided under 
this heading may be used for the travel and 
per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. 
amount shall be allocated to States within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendments, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 26, line 7, strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, expanding the number of Appalachian States eligible for this program from three to six will allow additional States, including Virginia, to be able to participate. The committee and the subcommittee came up with a great idea. I just want to make sure it is expanded so that more States can benefit. 
in this week for a press conference, and one of their members said to me at that time that the sickness that has been in Kentucky is now spreading to Virginia, and they are absolutely right. 
hundreds of coal mine jobs due to this administration’s burdensome regulations on the coal industry; but it is not just the coal mine jobs. Many more jobs in related industries have also been lost. 
With those jobs, jobs in things as diverse as the hardware store, the Long John Silver’s—you name it—are being lost throughout the coal country of Appalachian Virginia. 
my district has led to many economic difficulties for many of my constituents and the local governments. I believe it is critical that we work to find ways to provide assistance throughout all of the Appalachian coal country, and my amendment would go part of the way to helping restore some economic vitality to my district. 
committee, as the gentleman knows, has included this as a pilot program to test in a few States how community and economic redevelopment can combine in conjunction with reclamation of abandoned mine lands. 
States with the largest unfunded needs to date. If you expand that to include six States, this pilot then starts to look more like a program, and that is not the committee’s intent. The committee believes that the lessons learned from this pilot will inform changes, both pros and cons, under the reauthorization of the underlying law. 
the future as this pilot moves forward. When we have more information, we can potentially, next year, reexamine this. 
would withdraw the amendment. I would certainly be happy to work with him in the future. I know the full committee chairman is certainly in the interest of him to address the needs of his constituents. We are certainly sympathetic to that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I certainly have no quarrel with the committee or the committee chairman or the subcommittee chairman. 
which was why I thought it was a brilliant idea, which is why I wanted to at least put this on the table. 
It is not my habit to offer and then 
withdraw. Sometimes, you lose; and I understand that is probably the case. I did want to put it on the table, and I do appreciate the gentleman’s kind remarks. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
would just reluctantly oppose this amendment at this time. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
Indian programs, as authorized by law, including the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2001–2019), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), $2,505,670,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $8,500 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $74,809,000 shall be for welfare assistance payments: Provided , That in cases of 
designated Federal disasters, the Secretary may exceed such cap, from the amounts provided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further , That federally recognized 
Indian tribes and tribal organizations of federally recognized Indian tribes may use their tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further , That not 
to exceed $619,827,000 for school operations costs of Bureaufunded schools and other education programs shall become available on July 1, 2016, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $48,785,000 shall remain available until expended for housing improvement, road maintenance, attorney fees, litigation support, land records improvement, and the NavajoHopi Settlement Program: Provided further , That any forestry 
funds allocated to a federally recognized tribe which remain unobligated as of September 30, 2017, may be transferred during fiscal year 2018 to an Indian forest land assistance account established for the benefit of the holder of the funds within the holder’s trust fund account: Provided further , That 
any such unobligated balances not so transferred shall expire on September 30, 2018: Provided further , That in order to enhance the 
safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to purchase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel: Provided further , That $272,000,000 shall be for 
payments to Indian tribes and tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with contracts, grants, selfgovernance compacts, or annual funding agreements between the Bureau and an Indian tribe or tribal organization pursuant to the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) prior to or during fiscal year 2016, and shall remain available until expended. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $61,304,000)’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer a straightforward amendment to ensure local schools within the Bureau of Indian Education have the resources necessary to provide gainful education in quality facilities at a level on par with their peers in other nonBureau funded schools. 
supported by a bipartisan group of my colleagues, including Representatives Cramer, Rokita, Noem, Kirkpatrick, and Sinema. 
administrative accounts within the EPA to the Operation of Indian Programs account with the intent of those funds going to the BIE and evenly allocated between the education construction, replacement facilities construction account and the elementary and secondary programs, facilities operations account. 
Bureaufunded facilities are in substandard or poor condition. A sizable volume of research, including investigations by the Government Accountability Office, have established a direct correlation between facility conditions and poor student outcomes within the BIE. 
trust responsibilities to Indian tribes and Indian education. This amendment supports the trust responsibility by helping to provide highquality education in an environment that is safe, healthy, and conducive for learning. 
the amendment, and I thank the chairman and ranking member for their great work on this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
know there is no doubt that Indian Country, especially Indian education, is a nonpartisan priority of this entire subcommittee. We are committed to building upon the bipartisan work of former subcommittee chairmen MIKE 
needs in Indian Country, especially in education. In fact, we were in Arizona recently at both the Navajo and Hopi reservations and saw firsthand the need for education in this country. 
done for Indian Country in this bill, that said, I understand where the gentleman is coming from. I recognize there is so much more to do on Indian education that can and should be done. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
gentleman from California and the ranking member for their help. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
GOSAR , Mr. C ALVERT , and Ms. M CCOLLUMfor their help in all this. 
would fund the BIE to the administration’s fiscal year 2016 request, but unlike that request, it is paid for and adheres to our budget cap. 
Early Childhood, Elementary and Secondary Education Subcommittee, I have had the opportunity to visit several BIE schools in Arizona and Minnesota. 
During these visits, I have seen firsthand the challenges that the BIE faces. These challenges consist of crumbling school buildings, inadequate technology and Internet connectivity, transportation issues, and inconsistent management. 
they are all well documented by my official visits, by committee hearings— such as those being done by Mr. CALVERT ’s subcommittee and mine—by 
This increase in funds will help address the identified challenges by providing the resources needed to improve the academic achievement and increase the graduation rates of Native American students that attend BIE schools. This is the goal of all of us for Native American children. 
Mr. Chairman, I look at this as a bipartisan issue and appreciate my colleagues’ support of Mr. GOSAR ’s amendment. 
and the ranking member for their support and my colleague from Indiana for speaking on behalf of this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
and maintenance of irrigation and power systems, buildings, utilities, and other facilities, including architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; and preparation of lands for farming, and for construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project pursuant to Public Law 87–483, $187,620,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That such amounts as may be available for the construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project may be transferred to the Bureau of Reclamation: Provided further , That 
not to exceed 6 percent of contract authority available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs from the Federal Highway Trust Fund may be used to cover the road program management costs of the Bureau: Provided further , 
That any funds provided for the Safety of Dams program pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 13 shall be made available on a nonreimbursable basis: Provided further , That for fiscal year 
2016, in implementing new construction, replacement facilities construction, or facilities improvement and repair project grants 
in excess of $100,000 that are provided to grant schools under Public Law 100–297, the Secretary of the Interior shall use the Administrative and Audit Requirements and Cost Principles for Assistance Programs contained in 43 CFR part 12 as the regulatory requirements: Provided further , That such 
grants shall not be subject to section 12.61 of 43 CFR; the Secretary and the grantee shall negotiate and determine a schedule of payments for the work to be performed: Provided 
That in order to ensure timely completion of construction projects, the Secretary may assume control of a project and all funds related to the project, if, within 18 months of the date of enactment of this Act, any grantee receiving funds appropriated in this Act or in any prior Act, has not completed the planning and design phase of the project and commenced construction: Provided further , 
That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians appropriation for the appropriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation. 
For payments and necessary administrative expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264, 100–580, 101–618, 111–11, and 111–291, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $65,412,000, to remain available until expended. 
For the cost of guaranteed loans and insured loans, $7,731,000, of which $1,045,000 is for administrative expenses, as authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974: Provided , 
That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further , That these funds are 
available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or insured, not to exceed $100,496,183. 
out the operation of Indian programs by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, either directly or in cooperation with States and other organizations. 
of Indian Affairs may contract for services in support of the management, operation, and maintenance of the Power Division of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. 
law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs for central office oversight and Executive Direction and Administrative Services (except executive direction and administrative services funding for Tribal Priority Allocations, regional offices, and facilities operations and maintenance) shall be available for contracts, grants, compacts, or 
Indian Affairs under the provisions of the Indian SelfDetermination Act or the Tribal SelfGovernance Act of 1994 (Public Law 103– 413). 
In the event any tribe returns appropriations made available by this Act to the Bureau of Indian Affairs, this action shall not diminish the Federal Government’s trust responsibility to that tribe, or the governmenttogovernment relationship between the United States and that tribe, or that tribe’s ability to access future appropriations. 
law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education, other than the amounts provided herein for assistance to public schools under 25 U.S.C. 452 et seq., shall be available to support the operation of any elementary or secondary school in the State of Alaska. 
Education shall be used to support expanded grades for any school or dormitory beyond 
the grade structure in place or approved by the Secretary of the Interior at each school in the Bureau of Indian Education school system as of October 1, 1995, except that the Secretary of the Interior may waive this prohibition to support expansion of up to one additional grade when the Secretary determines such waiver is needed to support accomplishment of the mission of the Bureau of Indian Education. Appropriations made available in this or any prior Act for schools funded by the Bureau shall be available, in accordance with the Bureau’s funding formula, only to the schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, and to any school or school program that was reinstated in fiscal year 2012. Funds made available under this Act may not be used to establish a charter school at a Bureaufunded school (as that term is defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2021)), except that a charter school that is in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act and that has operated at a Bureaufunded school before September 1, 1999, may continue to operate during that period, but only if the charter school pays to the Bureau a pro rata share of funds to reimburse the Bureau for the use of the real and personal property (including buses and vans), the funds of the charter school are kept separate and apart from Bureau funds, and the Bureau does not assume any obligation for charter school programs of the State in which the school is located if the charter school loses such funding. Employees of Bureaufunded schools sharing a campus with a charter school and performing functions related to the charter school’s operation and employees of a charter school shall not be treated as Federal employees for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. 
used to establish satellite locations of schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, except that the Secretary may waive this prohibition in order for an Indian tribe to provide language and cultural immersion educational programs for non public schools located within the jurisdictional area of the tribal government which exclusively serve tribal members, do not include grades beyond those currently served at the existing Bureaufunded school, provide an educational environment with educator presence and academic facilities comparable to the Bureaufunded school, comply with all applicable Tribal, Federal, or State health and safety standards, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and demonstrate the benefits of establishing operations at a satellite location in lieu of incurring extraordinary costs, such as for transportation or other impacts to students such as those caused by busing students extended distances: Provided , That no funds available 
under this Act may be used to fund operations, maintenance, rehabilitation, construction or other facilitiesrelated costs for such assets that are not owned by the Bureau: Provided further , That the term ‘‘satellite school’’ means a school location physically separated from the existing Bureau school by more than 50 miles but that forms part of the existing school in all other respects: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acknowledgement of American Indian Tribes’’ published by the Department of the Interior in the Federal Register on May 29, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 30766 et seq.). 
the Department of the Interior, including the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $717,279,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses; and of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for 
workers compensation payments and unemployment compensation payments associated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $8,128,000 for the Office of Valuation Services is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and shall remain available until expended; and of which $38,300,000 shall remain available until expended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activities: Provided , That notwithstanding any other provision of law, $15,000 under this heading shall be available for refunds of overpayments in connection with certain Indian leases in which the Secretary concurred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 36, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 38, line 6, after each of the first and 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment increases funding for territorial assistance initiatives managed by the Interior Department. 
The assistance benefits the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, which I represent, but also the 
United States territories of American Samoa, Guam, and the United States Virgin Islands, as well as America’s allies in the Pacific, the Republic of Palau, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands. 
commitment to help all of these areas to develop economically and become more selfsufficient. 
reach these goals. The 2010 Census revealed that poverty levels in the islands remain three to five times the national average, and median income in the Northern Marianas is only $20,000 compared to $53,000 nationwide. 
The most recent gross domestic product data for the islands, reported by the Bureau of Economic Analysis, found that in the Virgin Islands, real GDP declined 5.4 percent in 2013 and declined 2.4 percent in American Samoa. In contrast, the real GDP for the United States, excluding the territories, increased 2.2 percent in 2013. So we have a lot of catching up to do. 
recent years, focusing technical assistance funds in a way that really will help our areas develop economically. I am thinking in particular of the Empowering Insular Communities program, which is helping us move imported fuels—that are costly and take money out of our economies—to greater use of locally available energy sources. 
Areas: Assessment of Buildings and Classrooms Initiative, just like the preceding amendment. This program found that only 38 percent of insular schools are in acceptable condition and 
identified specifically those schools where there are safety hazards for students. The ABC Initiative is systematically upgrading that infrastructure so our children have schools that are conducive to learning and are safe. Developing those human resources is the surest way to raise our economy. We need to give Interior the resources to continue—and finish—that initiative. 
The additional $5 million my amendment provides can be used for these or any of the other territorial assistance programs, such as the Coral Reef Initiative, brown tree snake control, or compact impact to areas negatively affected by United States immigration policies. 
are works in progress. We should provide more funding for them, and technical assistance funding should remain focused on programs that the Department has already begun and invested in. I appreciate the past support for the program and, even in these challenging fiscal times, I urge your support for increased funding for assistance to territories for fiscal year 2016. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in reluctant opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. I want the gentleman to know that I understand that the territories would benefit greatly from additional funding. We funded the assistance to territories at the FY15enacted levels. We levelfunded that because we know that the money is needed, and we know that we have responsibilities in the territories. However, the offset right now, we have cut back that particular operation considerably, so I would oppose that offset. But I would be more than happy to work with the gentleman as we move this process along, along with the ranking member, to see if we can’t get additional funds as we move this process along. 
the gentleman’s intent, but we would have to reluctantly oppose this amendment at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
much the chairman’s offer to work with me because I will look him up and work with him and his subcommittee. But let me just make a small point here of what this technical assistance money means to us. 
of Federal programs that help States do one thing or another, from social to educational to infrastructure projects. For the territories, there are only 700 some programs where the territories are eligible. So there is a difference. 
So this small pot of technical assistance money is a program that provides grants to help the territories pick themselves up and wipe off the dust. It is just a small amount of money. Five million goes a long way, Mr. Chairman, when it is fixing the schools that the Army Corps has already identified. I understand there are 1,500 school buildings, and 62 percent of them are not safe, and only 38 percent are declared safe. So just like we do for the Bureau of Indian Education, we are also asking that we increase this money. 
Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by 
the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands will be postponed. 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the fact that the chairman is looking towards working more for putting dollars into Indian education, as Mr. GOSAR ’s amendment did, and the 
bipartisan way in which this bill has been proceeding forward, and I yield to the chairman. 
more than happy to work with the young lady to get additional funding for Indian education at any time in the future, and we can continue to work together to do that. 
Parliamentarian’s patience and the majority’s patience while we get another copy of the amendment presented to the body for consideration. I thank everyone for their courtesy. 
State, and we would like to have the gentleman from California there so the gentleman can see our great lakes and our great water. 
the gentlewoman please ship some of that water to California? 
time and my water, we would love to have the gentleman there, and when the water is very hard, it freezes, and then the gentleman can try ice fishing, which is a great sport. 
coming to the desk. Once more, I thank you very much for your patience, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 36, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,913,000)’’. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,913,000)’’. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentlewoman’s motion. 
the gentlewoman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the House’s consideration. 
amendment to restore brownfields funding to fiscal year 2015 levels and to make the point that when we help redevelop contaminated properties, we generate a large return on investments that lift our communities back home. 
My amendment increases EPA’s Environmental Programs and Management account by a modest $1.9 million to be offset by the same amount from the Office of the Secretary. Even with this modest boost, the proposed bill on the floor, unfortunately, would remain $4 million below the budget request. 
property achieves a brownfields designation and a grant, local communities and businesses can clean up the property and put the property back into use. This type of economic redevelopment is key to our neighborhoods and communities, rural or urban. It increases property values and creates jobs with just a little bit of seed money from the EPA through brownfields. 
up brownfields leads to nearby residential property value increases of 4.9 to 11 percent. Another 2007 study found that an average of 10 jobs are created for every acre of brownfields redevelopment. And based on historical data, we know that $1 of the EPA’s brownfields funding leverages between $17 and $18 in other public and private financing. 
success in brownfields redevelopment back home in the Tampa Bay area. For example, when the existence of the Old Mercy Hospital in Midtown St. Petersburg was in jeopardy due to environmental contamination on the site, the city of St. Petersburg and the EPA stepped in to turn the Old Mercy Hospital into a flourishing community health center. The project created 80 jobs, saved existing jobs, created new jobs, and it stands now as the Johnnie Ruth Clarke Community Health Center, which is the linchpin to Midtown St. Petersburg community redevelopment efforts. 
Family Health Centers have redeveloped a number of brownfields sites, including one on the site of a closed car dealership, that have had a very positive impact beyond the health care of thousands and thousands of my neighbors in a severely underserved area. It is one of the primary examples of the growing healthfields initiative which targets redevelopment through brownfields to help improve access to health services for our neighbors. 
Mr. Chairman, the return on investment is so great across America. The Congress must invest much more in our communities, and brownfields redevelopment is simply smart policy, especially in places where these resources are scarce. It is also a critical part of EPA’s environmental justice efforts and its Environmental Justice 2020 Action Agenda framework. When the EPA released its Environmental Justice 2020 framework, I convened local community leaders across the Tampa Bay area to solicit their opinions, and brownfields redevelopment was at the top of their list. 
and I hope as the appropriations process goes on we will find ways to help communities redevelop with this small seed money through the brownfields initiative. 
I would like to thank Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member M CCOLLUM . 
I urge my colleagues to support the Castor amendment to revitalize our communities back home, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
the gentlewoman was able to share this amendment with both the majority and the minority in the committee where we could have reviewed it. But saying that, I still must oppose the amendment because of the offset. 
would take money from the Secretary and move it over to the EPA, and at this time we have used the Secretary’s Office tremendously as an offset already, and I am afraid that this may start affecting other programs within the Department of the Interior. So I would have to oppose this amendment. 
won’t increase the cleanup of a brownfields site, it will only pay for salaries over at the EPA, and I believe that we don’t need to do any more for the EPA than has already been done. 
the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, this is an important account to beef up. Remember, we are under the sequester caps, and then we are $4 million under the budget request even with this amendment. 
best place to go for an offset. The Secretary’s account is $452 million above fiscal year 2015 levels and $389 million above the budget request. 
I would put to you that it would be a 
better investment for our communities back home to allow them this little seed money, this little matching money, to redevelop properties, rather than fund the bureaucracy at the EPA. 
I urge approval of the Castor amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
For fiscal year 2016, up to $400,000 of the 
payments authorized by the Act of October 20, 1976 (31 U.S.C. 6901–6907) may be retained for administrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided , That no 
payment shall be made pursuant to that Act to otherwise eligible units of local government if the computed amount of the payment is less than $100: Provided further , That 
the Secretary may reduce the payment authorized by 31 U.S.C. 6901–6907 for an individual county by the amount necessary to correct prior year overpayments to that county: Provided further , That the amount 
needed to correct a prior year underpayment to an individual county shall be paid from any reductions for overpayments to other counties and the amount necessary to cover any remaining underpayment is hereby appropriated and shall be paid to individual counties: Provided further , That of the total 
amount made available by this title for ‘‘Office of the Secretary—Departmental Operations’’, $452,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary of the Interior for an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for payments in lieu of taxes under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code. 
That all financial transactions of the territorial and local governments herein provided for, including such transactions of all agencies or instrumentalities established or used by such governments, may be audited by the Government Accountability Office, at its discretion, in accordance with chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further , 
That Northern Mariana Islands Covenant grant funding shall be provided according to those terms of the Agreement of the Special Representatives on Future United States Financial Assistance for the Northern Mariana Islands approved by Public Law 104–134: Provided further , That the funds for the program 
of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and maintenance improvement of 
capital infrastructure with territorial participation and cost sharing to be determined by the Secretary based on the grantee’s commitment to timely maintenance of its capital assets: Provided further , That any appropriation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropriations Acts may be used as nonFederal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands. 
one of the five Members of Congress representing America’s offshore territories and as the Representative from the U.S. Virgin Islands, I am disappointed to see the underfunding made to the FY16 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill. 
Aside from the underfunding to environmental protection programs that protect important natural resources and, among a myriad of things, assures Americans have access to clean water, the cuts to this bill come largely at the expense of America’s island territories. 
Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern Marianas have been a part of this great Nation for more than a century. Since then, this country has augmented the support to critical areas of activity by the respective local governments in these territories. 
the Interior’s territorial assistance activity, in which this bill proposes to underfund by $13,684,000. 
Funding through Interior’s territorial assistance activity go toward many important functions in these territories, like capital improvement projects. These capital improvement projects, CIP, funds address a variety of infrastructure needs in the U.S. territories, including critical infrastructure such as hospitals, schools, wastewater, and solid waste systems. 
helped the Virgin Islands Waste Management Authority complete the repair of a severely deteriorated force main water line that threatened to leak in nearby ocean water. 
Improvements to critical infrastructure not only benefit the current population of these territories and the businesses that invest in those communities, but lay the groundwork to attract new investment to the territories, which promotes economic development and selfsufficiency. 
funding to the territories is highlighted in the fiscal year ’16 budget request, in which my home district, the U.S. Virgin Islands, proposes to use approximately $2 million to address health and safety deferred maintenance items that have been identified in Interior’s insular assessment of buildings and classrooms initiative. This is imperative, as our schools are not structurally sound or conducive to the healthy learning environment. 
Many of the schools in the Virgin Islands are overrun with mold and have severe structural deficiencies, some of which are over a half a century old. 
had to close its doors last year because of noxious odors that made teachers and students sick. This recurring incident began midway through the 2013 school year and forced the entire student body of more than 1,000 students to join a similarly populated high school in double session for the remainder of the school year. 
government will again close schools on the island of St. Croix, but this time, students from three schools will be relocated to other schools for at least an entire school year, maybe longer, while the local government works to repair the severely decrepit buildings that house those young people. 
school built in the U.S. Virgin Islands in the last two decades. The children in my home district, as well as in the other five territories, deserve better and need the assistance afforded through this funding. 
2014 underscores how important this funding is to not only students in our territories, but also to our senior citizens as well. Construction or repair to schools and hospitals account for nearly half the total amount of CIP expenditures last year. 
an adequate mental health facility, as well as St. Thomas, and there are few assisted living facilities and a growing population of aging citizens. 
to use $1 million in 2016 CIP funding for structural renovations and equipment upgrades at a variety of public libraries on the islands of St. Croix, St. Thomas, and St. John. These repairs and upgrades will help provide a safe, secure, and comfortable location for citizens to use library archives and public resources. 
America’s island territories are citizens of this great Nation, the same as people living in Alaska, Hawaii, and the 48 contiguous States. We are constitutionally entitled to fair and equal representation and full inclusion by this House, as well as by this government. 
out that unlike the States, the Virgin Islands and the other territories are not part of the formula grants that the other locations have. We do not receive the same funding for grants, programs that provide technical assistance, jobs, or infrastructure. 
In fact, today, with the announcement of the Supreme Court, while we are thankful for the rest of the United States, with the Affordable Care Act, we are not included in it to the full extent the other States are. 
time, that this body, as well as this Congress and, in fact, the Federal Government, look to the Virgin Islands and look to including us and all of the territories in full inclusion. 
to the request of the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further , That such loans or 
funds transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available to make or guarantee loans under such authorities. OFFICE OF THE SOLICITOR  
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $50,047,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
let me thank the chair and the ranking member of this appropriations process for the Interior and Environment for their indulgence and their understanding of how much a part of the lives of Americans this legislation is from my amendment dealing with the culture and history of this Nation to that of clean water, clean air, our Federal parks, our forestry. This is a vital piece of the livelihood and the life of America. 
Among other agencies that the legislation funds is the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums, including the Air and Space Museum, the Museum of African Art, the American Art Museum, and the National Portrait Gallery. It also operates the national treasure, the National Zoo. 
very important message from the Congress of the United States to infuse into the people cultural and appreciation for the respect and holding of wild animals, for the forests, for the number of assets that we should hold very dear, and it increases the Smithsonian Institution by $1.5 million. 
outreach programs bring scholars in art, history, and science out of the Nation’s attic and into their own backyard. Each year, millions of Americans visit the Smithsonian. 
mission, the increase and diffusion of knowledge, the Smithsonian seeks to serve on an even greater audience by bringing it to the communities, to the people who otherwise would be deprived, or the institutions that would otherwise be deprived of this kind of cultural exchange. 
This money is not a lot of money, but 
it is an important statement for those who seek to be connected to the cultural history of America. 
serves millions of Americans, thousands of communities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50 States through 
work in close cooperation with Smithsonian museums and research centers, as well as with 144 affiliate institutions, and others across the Nation. Smithsonian outreach activities support communitybased cultural and educational organizations. 
Asian Americans, Latino Americans, Native Americans, new Americans, and all Americans from kindergarten to college to our senior citizens. 
expand? We can provide this simple amendment of $1.5 million to create more mobile museums talking about the extensive history that we have. These mobile museums then connect with our museums that we have. 
Houston is one of those that needs the bridge that the Smithsonian has. It is a museum that has reached prominence, but not the ability to reach a lot of people. This is an opportunity to boost the Smithsonian in order to ensure that we have that kind of outreach. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in reluctant opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment only because of the offset. 
is taking money of the inspector general’s office, which is our auditors, and we desperately need auditors in the Federal Government. We, as appropriators, are very reluctant to cut the inspector general’s office in general. 
I want to work with the gentlewoman. I recognize her passion to make sure that the good work that the Smithsonian does gets out to the general community throughout the United States. I am a big supporter of the Smithsonian. We have levelfunded the Smithsonian Institution this year. Obviously, we are operating under difficult budget constraints. 
We certainly support what the gentlewoman wants to do; we just don’t support the offset in which she wants to do it with. 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas. 
had an opportunity to be on the floor together over the years. Thank you so very much. I want to thank the ranking member and the leadership on the committee. 
this appropriations process is a bill here in the House and then there is conference—what would be the immediate strategy of working with you on this goal that we both would have? I yield to the gentleman. 
work with the gentlewoman as this process moves forward and with the ranking member, Ms. MCCOLLUM . 
that happens between A and B, and we may have some additional resources, who knows; but we will certainly work with you to find out if we do. 
I know that if we can help the Smithsonian Institution out, it is really at the top of our list. 
Let me, first of all, thank the ranking member for all the hard work that has been done and the chairman. It is a passion for reaching out and touching museums like the Houston African American Museum that has, as its curator, an excellent leader in John Guess. 
allow me to take up the chairman and the ranking member’s leadership and begin to look for what may be an extra opportunity to infuse dollars to get the culture of America to reach out to all over. 
With that, in the spirit of collaboration and collegiality, I am going to at this time withdraw in a friendly manner the Jackson Lee amendment with a very hopeful commitment to be able to help museums like the Houston African American Museum and many others that really benefit from this connection. 
Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gentlewoman for her generosity, and I will continue to work with her as this process moves forward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me just say, in concluding, there are many things that this bill does. I am hoping that we will rid ourselves of sequester to let it do more, and one of the things would be this outreach that brings us together as a Nation in a positive way. 
Houston museums in general, the Buffalo Soldiers National Museum, the Houston African American Museum that has a great purpose, and other museums that I hope we can address the Smithsonian’s outreach capability. 
speak in support of my amendment to H.R. 2822, the ‘‘Interior and Environment Appropriations Act of 2016.’’ 
Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for their leadership in shepherding this bill to the floor. 
the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums, including the Air and Space Museum; the Museum of African Art; the Museum of the American Indian; and the National Portrait Gallery. The Smithsonian also operates another national treasure: the National Zoo. 
sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. 
increases funding for the Smithsonian Institution by $1.5 million to fund outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution. 
Mr. Chair, the Smithsonian’s outreach programs bring Smithsonian scholars in art, history and science out of ‘‘the nation’s attic’’ and into their own backyard. 
But in order to fulfill the Smithsonian’s mission, ‘‘the increase and diffusion of knowledge,’’ the Smithsonian seeks to serve an even greater audience by bringing the Smithsonian to enclaves of communities who otherwise would be deprived of the vast amount of cultural history offered by the Smithsonian. 
millions of Americans, thousands of communities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50 states, through loans of objects, traveling exhibitions, and sharing of educational resources via publications, lectures and presentations, training programs, and websites. 
close cooperation with Smithsonian museums and research centers, as well as with 144 affiliate institutions and others across the nation. 
The Smithsonian’s outreach activities support communitybased cultural and educational organizations around the country. 
They ensure a vital, recurring, and highimpact Smithsonian presence in all 50 states through the provision of traveling exhibitions and a network of affiliations. 
connections between the Institution and targeted audiences (African American, Asian American, Latino, Native American, and new American) and provide kindergarten through collegeage museum education and outreach opportunities. 
science education programs, facilitate the Smithsonian’s scholarly interactions with students and scholars at universities, museums, and other research institutions; and disseminate results related to the research and collections strengths of the Institution. 
2. the Smithsonian Affiliations, the Smithsonian Center for Education and Museum Studies (SCEMS); 
4. the Smithsonian Institution Press (SIP); 5. the Office of Fellowships (OF); and 6. the Smithsonian Associates (TSA), which 
To achieve the goal of increasing public engagement, SITES directs some of its federal resources to develop Smithsonian Across America: A Celebration of National Pride. 
Smithsonian artifacts from the most iconic (presidential portraits, historic American flags, Civil War records, astronaut uniforms, etc.) to the simplest items of everyday life (family quilts, prairie schoolhouse furnishings, historic lunch boxes, multilingual store front and street 
signs, etc.), has been a longstanding organizational priority of the Smithsonian. 
SITES ‘‘mobile museum’’ is the only traveling exhibit format able to guarantee audience growth and expanded geographic distribution during sustained periods of economic retrenchment, but also because it is imperative for the many exhibitors nationwide who are struggling financially yet eager to participate in Smithsonian outreach. 
For communities still struggling to fully recover from the economic downturn, the ability of museums to present temporary exhibitions, the ‘‘mobile museum’’ promises to answer an evergrowing demand for Smithsonian shows in the field. 
reach a maximum of 12 locations over a two to threeyear period. 
visit up to three venues per week in the course of only one year, at no cost to the host institution or community. 
The net result is an increase by 150 in the 
number of outreach locations to which SITES shows can travel annually. 
shortterm stops in cities and towns from coasttocoast, a ‘‘mobile museum’’ has the advantage of being able to frequent the very locations where people live, work, and take part in leisure time activities. 
By establishing an exhibit presence in settings like these, SITES will not only increase its annual visitor participation by 1 million, but also advance a key Smithsonian performance objective: to develop exhibit approaches that address diverse audiences, including population groups not always affiliated with mainstream cultural institutions. 
face of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture, as that new Museum comes online. 
will introduce the American public to the Museum’s mission, SITES in FY 2008 will tour such stirring exhibitions as NASA ART: 50 Years of Exploration; 381 Days: The Montgomery Bus Boycott Story; Beyond: Visions of Planetary Landscapes; The Way We Worked: Photographs from the National Archives; and More Than Words: Illustrated Letters from the Smithsonian’s Archives of American Art. 
To meet the growing demand among smaller community and ethnic museums for an exhibition celebrating the Latino experience, SITES provided a scaleddown version of the National Museum of American History’s 4,000 squarefoot exhibition about legendary entertainer Celia Cruz. 
about Crow Indian history and the other on basket traditions, will give Smithsonian visitors beyond Washington a taste of the Institution’s critically acclaimed National Museum of the American Indian. 
‘‘Earth from Space,’’ provided visitors an opportunity to experience the Smithsonian’s recently opened, expansive National Air and Space Museum UdvarHazy Center. 
For almost 30 years, The Smithsonian Associates—the highly regarded educational arm of the Smithsonian Institution—has arranged Scholars in the Schools programs. 
wellreceived educational outreach program, the Smithsonian shares its staff—hundreds of 
experts in art, history and science—with the national community at a local level. 
build a strong national network of museums and educational organizations in order to establish active and engaging relationships with communities throughout the country. 
areas and scholarly disciplines, both emerging and wellestablished, Smithsonian Affiliations is building partnerships through which audiences and visitors everywhere will be able to share in the great wealth of the Smithsonian while building capacity and expertise in local communities. 
(NSRC) strives to increase the number of ethnically diverse students participating in effective science programs based on NSRC products and services. 
The Center develops and implements a national outreach strategy that will increase the number of school districts (currently more than 800) that are implementing NSRC K–8 programs. 
program activity with a newly developed scientific outreach program introducing communities and school districts to science through literacy initiatives. 
In addition, through the building of the multicultural Alliance Initiative, the Smithsonian’s outreach programs seek to develop new approaches to enable the public to gain access to Smithsonian collections, research, education, and public programs that reflect the diversity of the American people, including underserved audiences of ethnic populations and persons with disabilities. 
adoption of my amendment and thank Chairman Dicks and Ranking Member TIAHRT for 
their courtesies, consideration, and very fine work in putting together this excellent legislation. 
my amendment at this time and begin to work the process to provide funding to the Smithsonian for that purpose. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
For the operation of trust programs for Indians by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, $139,029,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $22,120,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for historical accounting: Provided , That 
funds for trust management improvements and litigation support may, as needed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ account; the Office of the Solicitor, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account; and the Office of the Secretary, ‘‘Departmental Operations’’ account: Provided further , That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fiscal year 2016, as authorized by the Indian SelfDetermination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to provide a quarterly statement of performance for any Indian trust account that has not had activity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further , That the Secretary shall 
issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such account to be withdrawn upon the express written request of the account holder: Provided 
further , That not to exceed $50,000 is available for the Secretary to make payments to correct administrative errors of either disbursements from or deposits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal accounts after September 30, 2002: Provided further , That erroneous payments that are recovered shall be credited to and remain available in this account for this purpose: Provided further , That 
the Secretary shall not be required to reconcile Special Deposit Accounts with a balance of less than $500 unless the Office of the 
Special Trustee receives proof of ownership from a Special Deposit Accounts claimant. 
For necessary expenses for fire preparedness, fire suppression operations, fire science and research, emergency rehabilitation, hazardous fuels management activities, and rural fire assistance by the Department of the Interior, $804,795,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $6,127,000 shall be for the renovation or construction of fire facilities: Provided , That 
such funds are also available for repayment of advances to other appropriation accounts from which funds were previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further , 
That of the funds provided $164,000,000 is for hazardous fuels management activities: Provided further , That of the funds provided 
$18,035,000 is for burned area rehabilitation: Provided further , That persons hired pursuant 
to 43 U.S.C. 1469 may be furnished subsistence and lodging without cost from funds available from this appropriation: Provided 
1856d, sums received by a bureau or office of the Department of the Interior for fire protection rendered pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1856 et seq., protection of United States property, may be credited to the appropriation from which funds were expended to provide that protection, and are available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further , That using 
the amounts designated under this title of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into procurement contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, for hazardous fuels management and resilient landscapes activities, and for training and monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management and resilient landscapes activities on Federal land, or on adjacent nonFederal land for activities that benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further , That the costs of 
implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any non Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided 
this heading may be used to reimburse the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service for the costs of carrying out their responsibilities under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) to consult and conference, as required by section 7 of such Act, in connection with wildland fire management activities: Provided further , That 
the Secretary of the Interior may use wildland fire appropriations to enter into leases of real property with local governments, at or below fair market value, to construct capitalized improvements for fire facilities on such leased properties, including but not limited to fire guard stations, retardant stations, and other initial attack and fire support facilities, and to make advance payments for any such lease or for construction activity associated with the lease: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Provided further , That funds provided for wildfire 
suppression shall be available for support of Federal emergency response actions: Provided further , That funds appropriated under 
this heading shall be available for assistance to or through the Department of State in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall be available to support forestry, wildland fire management, and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States and international organizations. 
For necessary expenses for large fire suppression operations of the Department of the Interior and as a reserve fund for suppression and Federal emergency response activities, $92,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such amounts are 
only available for transfer to the ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ account following a declaration by the Secretary in accordance with section 502 of the FLAME Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 1748a). 
of the Interior and any of its component offices and bureaus for the response action, including associated activities, performed pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), $10,010,000, to remain available until expended. 
To conduct natural resource damage assessment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental 
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), and Public Law 101–337 (16 U.S.C. 19jj et seq.), $7,689,000, to remain available until expended. 
For the operation and maintenance of a departmental financial and business management system, information technology improvements of general benefit to the Department, and the consolidation of facilities and operations throughout the Department, $56,529,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That none of the funds appropriated in this Act or any other Act may be used to establish reserves in the Working Capital Fund account other than for accrued annual leave and depreciation of equipment without prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further , That 
the Secretary may assess reasonable charges to State, local and tribal government employees for training services provided by the National Indian Program Training Center, other than training related to Public Law 93– 638: Provided further , That the Secretary may 
grants and cooperative agreements to support the Office of Natural Resource Revenue’s collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, as authorized by law. 
from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be obtained by donation, purchase or through available excess surplus property: Provided , 
That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or tradein value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft. 
shall be available for expenditure or transfer (within each bureau or office), with the approval of the Secretary, for the emergency reconstruction, replacement, or repair of aircraft, buildings, utilities, or other facilities or equipment damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, storm, or other unavoidable causes: Provided , That no funds shall be made available under this authority until funds specifically made available to the Department of the Interior for emergencies shall have been exhausted: Provided further , That all funds 
used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible. EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY — 
title for wildland fire operations shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred during the preceding fiscal year, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for destruction of vehicles, aircraft, or other equipment in connection with their use for wildland fire operations, such reimbursement to be credited to appropriations currently available at the time of receipt thereof: Provided further , That for wildland fire operations, no funds shall be made available under this authority until the Secretary determines that funds appropriated for ‘‘wildland fire operations’’ and ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’ shall be exhausted within 30 days: Provided further , 
That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible: Provided further , That 
such replenishment funds shall be used to reimburse, on a pro rata basis, accounts from which emergency funds were transferred. 
under the headings Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians and any unobligated balances from prior appropriations Acts made under the same headings shall be available for expenditure or 
transfer for Indian trust management and reform activities. Total funding for historical accounting activities shall not exceed amounts specifically designated in this Act for such purpose. 
with any combination of active or inactive wells; and 
wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells. 
for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2016. Fees for fiscal year 2016 shall be: 
in water depths of 500 feet or more; and 
BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT , REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT REORGANIZATION  
order to implement a reorganization of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement, may transfer funds among and between the successor offices and bureaus affected by the reorganization only 
in conformance with the reprogramming guidelines described in the report accompanying this Act. 
Public Law 112–74 (125 Stat. 1013) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2012 and each fiscal year thereafter’’. 
in this Act or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce Secretarial Order No. 3310 issued by the Secretary of the Interior on December 22, 2010. 
Public Law 112–74 (25 U.S.C. 2000 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2027’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$3,500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000’’. 
Public Law 106–291 (16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by striking ‘‘$11,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$13,000,000’’. 
by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to write or issue 
pursuant to section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533)— 
Law 113–76 is amended by striking ‘‘and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2017’’. 
Law 113–76 is amended by striking ‘‘and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2017’’. 
by this or any other Act may be used to draft, prepare, implement, or enforce any new or revised regulation or order that— 
States, the possession, sale, delivery, receipt, shipment, or transportation of ivory that has been lawfully imported into the United States; 
ivory that was lawfully importable into the United States as of February 1, 2014. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. I have an amendment at the desk, Mr. Chairman. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
week, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service destroyed a 1ton stockpile of illegal elephant ivory. Most of it was seized up from a Philadelphia antique dealer named Victor Gordon. 
and sold ivory from freshly killed African elephants in violation of U.S. law and the laws of the countries where the elephants were poached and the ivory stolen. 
How did he get away with this for so 
long? The ivory was doctored so that it looked old enough to pass through a loophole in the enforcement of the African Elephant Conservation Act, a law that was passed in 1989 to end the commercial import and export of ivory. 
there is no way to know how much Gordon had sold during the previous decade or where it is now. All we know for certain is all of it was illegal, all of it is nearly impossible to distinguish from antique ivory, and anyone who bought it from Gordon, resells it, or buys it from a new owner is contributing to the ongoing slaughter of elephants and the criminal trafficking of ivory that supports organized crime and terrorism. 
Victor Gordons are out there? The amount is a question that can’t be answered. The amount of ivory seized from his shop represents 100 elephants, roughly the same number killed every day in Africa. 
a photo of an Africa elephant that had been killed and its head decapitated and the ivory butchered out of its head. Upon review, it was decided that it was too graphic and disturbing for the Chamber and for the floor, and we didn’t bring that one. 
by demand for ivory in Asia, a significant black market exists in the United States, as evidenced by the Gordon case and similar State level investigations in New York City and elsewhere. 
way to keep U.S. citizens from being involved, whether knowingly or unknowingly, in this elephant poaching and trafficking crisis is to close the enforcement loopholes and eliminate the commercial import, export, and trade of Africa elephant ivory in this country. 
That is precisely what the Obama administration is trying to do by proposing new rules to limit ivory trade in the United States. Instead of assisting in this important cause, House Republicans have slipped a rider into the appropriations bill to kill the new rule before it is even finalized. 
rider. Ending the commercial ivory trade does not mean taking away people’s musical instruments, as some have said, ivoryhandled pistols, or family heirlooms. Museum collections, scientific specimens, and sporthunted trophies will also be allowed to move freely. Further, items containing very small amounts of ivory can be bought and sold. 
no longer be allowed, nor should it be. As long as ivory has monetary value, people will kill elephants to get it. Eliminating value will eliminate demand and that will reduce wildlife poaching and trafficking. 
proposed ivory rule is due out very shortly, and in the interest of giving everyone a chance to review that rule, I will withdraw this amendment today. 
with a similar amendment later if that is what it takes to remove this damaging rider from the bill. 
I ask, Mr. Chairman, unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
of Federal Regulations, is amended by inserting ‘‘, including echinoderms commonly known as sea urchins and sea cucumbers,’’ after ‘‘products’’. 
For science and technology, including research and development activities, which shall include research and development activities under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980; necessary expenses for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; procurement of laboratory equipment and supplies; and other operating expenses in support of research and development, $704,918,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That of the funds 
included under this heading, $7,100,000 shall be for Research: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 62, lines 8 and 13, after each dollar 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Rhode Island and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
to the southern New England estuaries geographic program. This program was funded at $5 million last year and has been incredibly successful at leveraging resources, bringing stakeholders together, and increasing efficiencies. 
coastal ecosystems. They provide benefits of great economic and ecologic significance, including vital nesting and 
feeding habitats for aquatic plants and animals; yet they are increasingly affected by impacts of human activity along our coasts. These funds will be used to continue efforts to protect and restore our coasts and estuaries, which are critical for our environment and our economy. 
geographic program supports projects and science to restore the health of southeastern New England’s estuaries watersheds and coastal waters and ensure access now and in the future to resilient, selfsustaining ecosystems and associated populations of our fish and shellfish. 
I would like to take a moment to say 
that the account that we are reallocating from, EPA science and technology, is also critically important. While we would have liked to offer an amendment increasing the southern New England estuary geographic program to its full funding amount of $5 million, there were neither sufficient nor appropriate offsets in this bill to do so. 
Mr. Chair, I hope that as our appropriators go to conference with the Senate, they are able to restore the full funding amount of $5 million for this important program. 
I would also like to thank Congressman KEATING , along with Congressman 
CICILLINE , for being tremendous partners in ensuring that our southern New England estuaries are restored and stay healthy for generations to come. 
I would like to thank Chairman CALVERT , Ranking Member M CCOLLUM , and 
funding for the southern New England estuary geographic program. 
I also would like to express my gratitude to Mr. KEATING , who unfortunately could not be with us today, for his hard work on this important issue, and I thank my colleague from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) for his elegant 
Mr. Chairman, the estuaries in Narragansett Bay in Rhode Island and Buzzards Bay in Massachusetts face significant environmental challenges, many shared by estuaries across the country. These challenges include rivers and streams that are disconnected from the landscape, the loss of critical wetlands, the impacts of centuries of urbanization and development, and aging infrastructure. 
especially threatened by these challenges. Yet despite the harm that we know is being done to our estuaries, southern New England was the only geographic region in this bill which saw 
While some geographic regions were underfunded compared to fiscal year 2016 requests, most requests for geographic regions were either met or, in some cases, increased. Inexplicably, it was only southern New England that was singled out for complete elimination of funding for the next fiscal year. 
modest $1 million funding for southern New England estuaries program, as Congressman LANGEVIN said. Then, at 
has experienced more than 400 years of ecological degradation, which is further exacerbated by the effects of climate change. Rivers and waterways have become disconnected from the watershed, which has led to the absorption of nitrogen and other pollutants from sources such as septic systems, treatment plants, and storm water runoff. 
The funding provided to these geographic programs allows for essential collaboration between Federal entities, nonprofit and academic institutions, and other private entities to formulate innovative solutions and to produce new technologies to create cleaner and clearer waterways. For example, in fiscal year 2014, more than $65,000 in grants was awarded to the Narragansett Bay watershed. This funded projects run by Save the Bay in my district, including an education and awareness project for residents and businesses on Aquidneck Island as well as a partnership program involving the Rhode Island Coastal Resources Management Council to facilitate site visits to more than 200 shoreline rightsof way to determine any needed levels of improvement to public access. 
be effective. In fact, the Narragansett Bay Estuary Program was awarded a 2015 Environmental Merit Award from EPA New England for outstanding contributions on behalf of southern New England’s public health and natural environment. These collaborative efforts throughout the southern New England region with continued funding will help to support projects to protect ecological habitats, foster selfsustaining ecosystems, and protect wildlife. Federal collaboration and investment is essential to helping local communities apply for and receive funding. 
I thank my colleague from Rhode Island and my colleague from Massachusetts for the great work they have done on this issue. 
claim time in opposition, but I don’t oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. I would be happy to 
work with the gentlemen, and I would urge acceptance of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for his support of the amendment as well as my colleague and Mr. KEATING . As I said, this 
is such an important amendment. It includes important funding for protecting our ecosystems. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
For environmental programs and management, including necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; purchase of reprints; library memberships in societies or associations which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members; administrative costs of the brownfields program under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002; and not to exceed $9,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $2,472,289,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That of the funds included under 
this heading, $12,700,000 shall be for Environmental Protection: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further , That of the funds included under this heading, $403,523,000 shall be for Geographic Programs specified in the report accompanying this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,212,000) (increased by $2,212,000)’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
staff for working with me on this amendment. It simply seeks to decrease and then increase by the same amount within the $2.5 billion appropriation for the environmental programs and management account within the Environmental Protection Agency. More specifically, my amendment seeks to remove and then reapply $2.2 million from that account. 
simple. It is to put the House on record of supporting a final funding amount of $27,310,000 for the National Estuary Program and coastal waterways. 
this bill calls for $25,098,000 for the National Estuary Program and coastal 
waterways, which is $2,212,000 below both the Senate’s proposed appropriations level and the President’s request for fiscal year 2016. Hence, the amount specified in my amendment. 
coastal waterways subaccount within the EPA does important work, including work in my State, especially on the Atlantic Coast. It addresses ocean acidification, seeks to remove coastal watersheds, furthers the National Estuary Program’s restoration goals, and assists in the implementation of the very important Gulf of Mexico hypoxia action plan. 
large area called the dead zone off of Louisiana that literally stinks. It has no fish. It has no recreational opportunities. It has no fishing. It is, in fact, a scar on the face of the Earth. Part of 
the funding for this program is used to try to overcome the hypoxia situation that has arisen off the coast of Louisiana that threatens to spread not only to Texas, Alabama, and Mississippi, but also to the coast of my State of Florida, eventually, if we do nothing about it. 
States comprise just 12 percent of land area of the United States, but they contain 43 percent of the U.S. population and provide 49 percent of all U.S. economic output. The economic value of coastal recreation alone in the United States—beach going, fishing, bird watching, snorkeling, diving, and so on—has conservatively been estimated by NOAA to be between $20 billion and $60 billion annually. 
funding for the National Estuary Program and coastal waterways that I am seeking will result in dramatic returns for the American economy, an enhanced quality of life for the American people, and eliminate that scar on the face of planet Earth that exists off the coast of Louisiana and should never be allowed to spread. 
Mr. Chairman, I know that you support this amendment, and I am thankful for your support. With that in mind, I will stop talking before I lose your support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from West Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to the fiscal year 2016 Interior Appropriations bill that will help strengthen transparency and oversight at the Environmental Protection Agency, EPA. My amendment simply provides $1 million in additional funding for the Office of Inspector General at the EPA. 
the EPA has waged an allout war on jobs in the beautiful Second District of West Virginia and on communities across America. With this backdrop, I think it is absolutely critical that we strengthen oversight and transparency at the EPA. Taxpayers deserve to know what is going on behind the curtain. 
plays a critical oversight role within the EPA. It is the independent office that works diligently to root out waste, fraud, and abuse. For example, a May 28, 2015, report found that two separate EPA employees were viewing pornography at work for up to 6 hours a day, and they were paid in the neighborhood of $120,000 a year while doing it. 
Page, who at the time was Director of the EPA’s Office of Administration, allegedly sold jewelry and weight loss pills out of her office. But she didn’t stop there with her abuses. She hired not one, not two, but 17 family members and friends for paid internships at the EPA. 
incredible abuses of public trust and of taxpayer dollars that occur at the EPA. Without rigorous oversight from the inspector general, these abuses might never have been exposed. 
oversight funding without increasing the budgetary impact of the fiscal year 2016 Interior Appropriations bill. We pull the money from the Office of Public Affairs, which is the office responsible for promoting the administration’s radical environmental agenda, and use it instead for oversight. 
today to cast their vote in favor of my amendment. 
would be happy to support this amendment. I appreciate the gentleman’s bringing it up, and I encourage everyone to adopt it. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY). 
The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MOONEY OF WEST  
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from West Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairman, this amendment would strike $2 million in funding from the Environmental Protection Agency Office of Policy and transfer those funds to the deficit reduction account. 
the EPA Office of the Administrator and is the primary policy arm for the Agency, or what I have been calling the regulatory nerve center. The funding for this office directly supports this administration’s radical regulatory agenda that is putting an alarming number of my constituents out of work, and they are not shy about it. 
The head of the EPA’s Office of Policy, Joel Beauvais, on October 13, 2014, boasted to a group of New York University law students that his office ‘‘coordinates the process through which all of the EPA’s rules are developed, including the clean power plan.’’ 
is projected to increase energy costs by as much as $479 billion over the next 15 years. For my constituents in the beautiful Second District of West Virginia, that means an average electricity price increase of 12 percent. This is something we cannot afford. Yesterday, on the floor of this Chamber, we passed the ratepayer protection plan, which will stop the clean power plan, but the Office of Policy is coordinating more than just the clean power plan. The EPA issues about 150 new regulations each year, and this office is right at the center. 
is the EPA’s proposed ozone standard. The National Association of Manufacturers found that this new regulation could reduce the United States’ GDP by $207 billion to $360 billion annually, leading to 2.9 million fewer jobs between now and 2040. 
administration, will continue to promote their radical environmentalist agenda through an enormous number of rules and regulations. We have to slow this process, and that is why I propose this amendment to cut the Office of Policy funding by $2 million. I would encourage my colleagues today to cast their vote in favor of my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
amendment would cut $2 million from the Office of Policy and Program and put the savings into the socalled spending reduction account. If enacted, this would cut an already barebones bill that is plagued by policy riders and further erode our environment. 
have great influence on what the policy division does in its relationship in working with States and divisions within States, community assistance, and its research division. 
I would also point out to my colleagues that the spending reduction account has never been enacted into law in the 4 years it has been proposed, so there really isn’t an account I know of that has been authorized where this fund could go. 
amendment and to keep the Office of Policy able to do its work that impacts on our States and local community. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). 
Mr. CALVERT. I agree with the gentleman’s amendment. I would urge its adoption. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I would like to thank Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member M CCOLLUM  
for their collaborative efforts in putting together this bill that carefully and thoughtfully allocates limited resources in order to conserve and restore our Nation’s precious natural resources. 
As you know, States across the Nation, especially those in the West, face widespread drought and deteriorating forest health conditions, all of which increase the risk of catastrophic wildfires and the tragic loss of life and property. 
conditions and the wildfires wreak havoc on species habitat; recreational economies; critical infrastructure; and clean, abundant water supplies. 
Department of the Interior agencies spent over $1.5 million in fire suppression costs to combat fires on more than $3.5 million acres of private, State, and Federal lands. 
continue to rise if we do not appropriately address the critical issues of wildfire preparation, including hazardous fuel management activities. 
For far too long, we have been addressing the problem after the fact. That course of action has led to decades of declining healthy forests and a staggering increase in the occurrence of catastrophic wildfires, putting people, communities, and ecosytems at risk. 
a $75 million increase for hazardous fuels management. I applaud Chairman CALVERT and my colleagues for spearheading these efforts, but we can do more. 
Today, I am offering a simple amendment that will bolster the wildfire management system account on the National Forest System lands by $20 million, allowing the Forest Service to be able to expand ongoing work on hazardous fuels reduction and fire mitigation projects. 
healthy forest management is far less than the cost of wildfire suppression and cleaning up devastating aftermaths. 
At this time, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ), a cosponsor of this legislation. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman from Colorado bringing this amendment. 
States are being burned up. They are burned up because the forests are simply full of fuel that has not been cut or logged for the last 20, 30 years. These are internal decisions that were created by an inappropriate listing of the spotted owl, declaring that timber reduction was the reason the spotted owl was going extinct. 
Wildlife Service reversed that, saying: Oops, logging had nothing to do with it. 
is done. Our forests are chockfull of fuels. It has been extraordinarily dry through the West. Small sparks set off tremendous blazes. The wind always blows in the West. We find these raging while fires that weren’t in existence 30, 40, and 50 years ago because nature was pretty well in harmony. 
to put more money into the fuels reduction account. That is a commonsense solution that will save us in the 
West, save our valuable resources, save our valuable forests, and it will make sense for the country. 
Mr. TIPTON. I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), 
you. We need to improve the condition of our national forests. My home of California, as you know, is going through an exceptional drought. Colorado is just not sending enough water down the Colorado River, so you need to help us out a little bit. 
issue in my area. As you know, we have the blight issue that is just killing trees because we have too many trees in the forests, and it has weakened the forests. 
This is a good amendment, and I certainly urge its adoption. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, while I certainly appreciate the challenges that so many Western States are facing right now with the drought and very frightening wildfires, I need to oppose this. 
especially within the Forest Service, the base hazardous fuels program received a $10 million increase above the FY 2015 enacted level. 
the biomass grant portion of the hazardous fuels program, but I see nothing in this amendment that addresses that cut. 
funding for many programs funded by the bill. Chairman CALVERT has certainly been a strong advocate for a robust wildland fire program, including hazardous fuels. Coming from the fire prone State of California, as he just mentioned, he knows as well as anyone that our fire programs needs support, and he has funded that accordingly. 
level of funding for hazardous fuels, the sponsor of this amendment would cut an additional $20 million from the EPA, which is why I feel it is important to oppose this amendment. 
EPA’s main operating account by $141.4 million, or 5 percent. I strongly oppose an amendment that takes more money from the already starved EPA. The very air we breathe and the water we drink are endangered by the funding and policy decisions made in this bill, and their consequences will be negatively felt in communities across this Nation. 
for many of my colleagues across the aisle, but I want to make sure that my colleagues understand what this 
important to both sides of the aisle, including permitting for construction projects across the country, toxics risk prevention, the cleanup of toxic waste sites, pesticide licensing, and radiation prevention. 
talking point of scary regulations and is necessary to keep vulnerable populations safe from environmental disasters. It is beyond reason, frankly, to cut the very Federal employees that have ably responded to the disasters such as the BP oil spill and the coal ash spill in Kingston, Tennessee, in 2008. 
I do not support gutting the EPA further, and I oppose this amendment. I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, the current Environmental Protection Agency likes to applaud itself that it is a champion of clean air and clean water. For those of us who live in the West, this is not a political talking point. This is reality. 
about the carbon that is emitted from wildfires. Think about the devastation to the wildlife habitat as our forests burn. Think about clean water as ash is washed down through the ravines into very narrow watersheds where we have endangered species residing as well. 
we actually put action through our words in terms of being proactive and in terms of addressing forest health. If you care about clean water, if you care about endangered species, if you care about clean air, this is an opportunity to actually allow us to be able to move the ball forward, to be able to address what the Environmental Protection Agency says it is about—that is clean air, clean water. 
that goal, and encourage my colleagues to adopt it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $40,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For construction, repair, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of, or for use by, the Environmental Protection Agency, $34,467,000, to remain available until expended. 
appropriated under this heading, $8,459,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2017, and $16,217,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Science and Technology’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
the Administrator is authorized to use appropriations made available under this heading to implement section 9013 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to provide financial assistance to federally recognized Indian tribes for the development and implementation of programs to manage underground storage tanks. 
Environmental Protection Agency’s responsibilities under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $17,944,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability trust fund, to remain available until expended. 
For environmental programs and infrastructure assistance, including capitalization grants for State revolving funds and performance partnership grants, $2,979,829,000, to remain available until expended, of which— 
for fiscal year 2016, funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants may, at the discretion of each State, be used for projects to address green infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other environmentally innovative activities: Provided 
fiscal year 2016 and prior years where such amounts represent costs of administering the fund to the extent that such amounts are or were deemed reasonable by the Administrator, accounted for separately from other assets in the fund, and used for eligible purposes of the fund, including administration: Provided further , That for fiscal year 2016, 
percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State to provide additional subsidy to eligible recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans, or grants (or any combination of these), and shall be so used by the State only where such funds are provided as initial financing for an eligible recipient or to buy, refinance, or restructure the debt obligations of eligible recipients only where such debt was incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act; 
this appropriations Act to address the water, wastewater and other critical infrastructure needs of the colonias in the United States along the United StatesMexico border shall be made available to a county or municipal government unless that government has established an enforceable local ordinance, or other zoning rule, which prevents in that jurisdiction the development or construction of any additional colonia areas, or the development within an existing colonia the construction of any new home, business, or other structure which lacks water, wastewater, or other necessary infrastructure; 
State of Alaska to address drinking water and wastewater infrastructure needs of rural and Alaska Native Villages: Provided , That of 
VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; 
grants in accordance with the terms and conditions of the report accompanying this Act; and 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 65, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $861,000,000)’’. 
Page 65, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $432,000,000)’’. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, although I had planned to withdraw my amendment, I feel it is important to discuss the Clean Water and Safe Drinking Water State Revolving Funds and the benefits these funds provide to our Nation. 
which is putting an incredible strain on our water supply in California, and in my district, where we are experiencing a historic drought for the last 4 years. We have to manage our available water in smart and efficient ways. 
of water a day from leaking pipes, with some cities losing as much as 30 percent of their water. At the same time, these cracks expose the water supply to an increasing number of waterborne diseases and contaminants. This means utilities face considerable challenges as they try to provide both adequate and safe drinking water to families and businesses. 
save trillions of gallons of water a year and make our water safer to drink, but the best part is that, according to the American Water Works Association, there are already enough shovelready water projects around the United States that would create work for more than 400,000 Americans, including almost 90,000 direct construction jobs. These are jobs that would be welcomed with open arms in our towns and cities across the United States. 
in desperate need of repair. According to an infrastructure needs survey by the EPA, nearly $335 billion worth of repairs, upgrades, and replacements are needed by water systems in the next 20 years to continue providing safe drinking water and protecting public health. Almost $300 billion is needed to repair and replace wastewater and storm water pipes and treatment plants. 
Furthermore, the National Association of Clean Water Agencies and the Association of Metropolitan Water Agencies estimate that utilities will need to spend $448 billion to $944 billion by 2050 just to deal with climate change impacts. 
Considering the significant water infrastructure needs our country is facing, the Clean Water and Safe Drinking Water State Revolving Funds have never been more important. 
that handle and treat domestic sewage and storm water and deliver drinking water to homes and businesses. These infrastructure investments also create jobs and have a positive impact on the economy well beyond the amount spent. 
Unfortunately, the bill proposes significant—and I want to repeat that— significant reductions to drinking water SFRs and over a $400 million cut 
needs already exceed the available funding, and cutting the revolving funds by this much means that a greater number of deserving community projects will not be able to get done. This approach will only imperil our infrastructure and our healthy communities that it helps foster. 
the necessary funding to maintain and upgrade our Nation’s ailing water infrastructure and make sure that the green infrastructure is a critical part of that process. 
best to cope with a severe and ongoing drought, and Congress must do its best to fund and support the needed infrastructure and water quality enhancements that preserve our precious water resources and create a sustainable system. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
Page 68, strike lines 1 and 2 and insert the 
shall not be an eligible recipient for a grant under this paragraph unless the entity has experienced at least 15 percent population loss since 1970, as measured by data from the 2010 decennial census and has experienced prolonged population, income, and employment loss resulting in substantial levels of housing vacancy and abandonment and such housing vacancies and abandonments are concentrated in more than one neighborhood or geographic area within a jurisdiction or jurisdictions.’’. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
hometown of Flint, Michigan, has endured decades of job loss and population loss through the slow, painful erosion of our manufacturing base. Previous trade deals, population shifts, bad land use management, and trade deals like NAFTA, for example, have accelerated the job losses in my hometown. 
local revenues, creating lower housing prices, less local services, and less investments in things that matter the most, like infrastructure, including our own water system. To reinvest in those 
Fund was specifically designed to assist communities with maintaining and improving water infrastructure. This fund provides critical support to ensure safe, clean drinking water is available in our communities. 
however, that have outstanding loans issued under the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund from prior to 2009, and those loan funds are ineligible for certain types of help because of the timing of those loans. 
loses over a third of the treated water due to decadesold delivery systems before it even reaches the faucets in homes and businesses. This city has relied on the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund to improve this system, but the challenge and the cost is immense. 
the city is working to pull itself out of an economic downturn that has lasted not just a few years, but has lasted decades. 
communities the tools that they need to build bridges and roads, to fix their aging water systems, and bring, most importantly, economic development. My amendment would be an important step to doing this. 
First, it would allow current revolving loan funds to be used to provide loan forgiveness to cities that have outstanding loans, regardless of the date of the incurrence of that loan. Prior to 2009, those loans are not eligible for loan forgiveness. Loans incurred after 2009 are actually eligible for forgiveness. So the first option, we would like to see those pre2009 loans eligible for forgiveness. 
to provide loan forgiveness on prior loans is limited because these cities have had—this amendment would limit that loan forgiveness to cities that have had significant financial problems due to population loss, cities that have had a population loss of more than 15 percent since 1970 and also have a high rate of abandoned and vacant buildings—basically, the cities that are in no position right now to finance improvements to their system just because of the level of abandonment, the level of population loss, and the revenue loss associated with it. 
like Flint to have loans forgiven will bring some stability to these communities and allow them to better serve their residents. 
So I ask for support for this amendment to help communities across the country, like Flint, the backbone of the American economy in the 20th century, so that they can again become leaders in the 21st century. 
and find ways to do that, we are going 
join the economy in a way that really makes a difference for the people who live there. 
make a point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
‘‘An amendment in a general appropriations bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
than to say that I will continue to press every opportunity I have to find a way to help these communities. 
order, and I will continue to work with him and any other Member of this body that will help me find a path forward to help communities like this community of Flint that is really struggling to deliver clean water to its residents. 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this amendment 
includes language requiring new determinations, such as levels of population loss and housing vacancy. 
The amendment, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate pesticide registration service fees in accordance with section 33 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w8). 
The Administrator is authorized to transfer up to $300,000,000 of the funds appropriated for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Management’’ to the head of any Federal department or agency, with the concurrence of such head, to carry out activities that would support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement programs, projects, or activities; to enter into an interagency agreement with the head of such Federal department or agency to carry out these activities; and to make grants to governmental entities, nonprofit organizations, institutions, and individuals for planning, research, monitoring, outreach, and implementation in furtherance of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. 
The Science and Technology, Environmental Programs and Management, Office of Inspector General, Hazardous Substance Superfund, and Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program Accounts, are available for the construction, alteration, repair, rehabilitation, and renovation of facilities provided that the cost does not exceed $150,000 per project. 
Protection Agency shall base agency policies and actions regarding air emissions from forest biomass including, but not limited to, air emissions from facilities that combust forest biomass for energy, on the principle that forest biomass emissions do not increase overall carbon dioxide accumulations in the atmosphere when USDA Forest Inventory and Analysis data show that forest carbon stocks in the U.S. are stable or increasing on a national scale, or when forest biomass is derived from mill residuals, harvest residuals or forest management activities. Such policies and actions shall not preempt existing authorities of States to determine how to utilize biomass as a renewable energy source and shall not inhibit States’ authority to apply the same policies to forest biomass as other renewable fuels in implementing Federal law. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, my amendment would correct the assertion in this bill that all forest biomass is carbon neutral. The assertion is simply scientifically inaccurate. 
Board directly challenged the claim that all forest biomass is carbon neutral, explaining that while some types of carbon biomass may indeed be, it is inappropriate to assume that all types of forest biomass are carbon neutral. This misperception could have serious consequences for wildlife habitat and for our ability to combat climate change in the coming years. In fact, numerous studies have underscored that using some types of forest biomass, particularly slowgrowing trees, 
mentioned a study commissioned by the State of Massachusetts that indicated that the climate impacts of burning wood were worse than those for coal for 45 years and worse than that for natural gas for 90 years. 
truly lowcarbon, scientists need to actually assess them, and treating all forest biomass as carbon neutral is risky. The Energy Information Administration has found that this will lead to a boom in the use of forest and other biomass for energy. 
the surface, the resulting logging would have dire consequences for climate mitigation and wildlife habitat. It would also drive up the price of pulpwood and other lower grades of wood for woodproduct industries. 
In my State of Virginia, local environmental organizations are concerned that if biomass is treated as carbon neutral, it would encourage Dominion Virginia Power to burn wood from forests to meet its emission reduction obligations. Dominion has already converted three of its existing coal plants to run on biomass fuel and has a hybrid energy center that can burn up to 20 percent biomass for fuel. 
groups that Virginia will become known as a State that harvests forests to reduce its dependence on coal, rather than developing renewable technologies that clearly reduce emissions, such as solar and wind. More broadly, I worry about the precedent that this will set for forest management policy in the U.S. and around the world. 
European Emissions Trading System, where biomass has a zero emissions rating, European companies have invested billions to convert coal plants to plants that can burn wood pellets, leading to an incredible demand for wood. Earlier this month, The Washington Post reported that Europe’s climate policies have led to more U.S. trees being cut down as wood pellets are being exported to meet the demand for wood fuel. 
have been constructed in the southeastern U.S. over the past decade, along with special port facilities in Virginia and Georgia to ship the wood to Europe. Demand for wood in Europe is so robust that wood pellet exports from the U.S. nearly doubled from 2012 to 2013 and are expected to nearly double again this year. 
We should not create artificial demand to meet scientifically unsubstantiated goals. It is critical that we make sure that the accounting used to estimate net biogenic emissions is scientifically accurate before we implement policies that might add carbon pollution rather than reduce it. 
amendment, but I do so urging my colleagues to support policies that are scientifically accurate, and to realize that not all forest biomass is carbon neutral, and that the EPA should take that into consideration. 
chairman and the ranking member to more appropriately consider biomass. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
‘‘State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’ account, $8,000,000 are permanently rescinded: Provided , That no amounts may be rescinded 
from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
For necessary expenses of forest and rangeland research as authorized by law, $277,507,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of the funds provided, 
$70,000,000 is for the forest inventory and analysis program. 
and providing technical and financial assistance to States, territories, possessions, and others, and for forest health management, including treatments of pests, pathogens, and invasive or noxious plants and for restoring and rehabilitating forests damaged by pests or invasive plants, cooperative forestry, and education and land conservation activities and conducting an international program as authorized, $220,665,000, to remain available until expended, as authorized by law; of which $50,660,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, for management, protection, improvement, and utilization of the National Forest System, $1,490,093,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of the funds provided, 
That of the funds provided, $355,000,000 shall be for forest products: Provided further , That 
of the funds provided, up to $81,941,000 is for the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program for Region 1, Region 3 and Region 4: Provided further , That of the funds provided 
for forest products, up to $65,560,000 may be transferred to support the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program in the preceding proviso: Provided further , That the 
Secretary of Agriculture may transfer to the Secretary of the Interior any unobligated funds appropriated in a previous fiscal year for operation of the Valles Caldera National Preserve. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today in support of my amendment to H.R. 2822, the fiscal year 2016 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill. 
nearly half the State of Michigan and includes three Federal forests. These forests are a major vacation destination for people, not only in my district, but in districts of Members all across the country. 
arrive to the Federal forests of northern Michigan to find that the road to their favorite fishing spot or hiking trail or ORV path has been arbitrarily closed by the Forest Service, with no warning and no input from the local community. 
people want to do when they travel to the woods of northern Michigan with their families is to learn about the obscure policies of the U.S. Forest Service, a Federal agency that treats the forests like their personal property instead of a public resource for everyone to enjoy. 
snowmobiling, fishing, and hiking all depend on access to these forests. And it is important to note that the outdoor economy contributes over $5.5 billion and 194,000 jobs to Michigan, most of which are in my district. 
demonstrate to the Forest Service that their focus should be on making our forests more open and accessible to the American people. In practice, the amendment would reduce spending from the National Forest System vegetation and watershed program by $2 million and transfer those funds into the capital improvement and maintenance fund. 
does that have to do with opening forest roads? 
Well, I will tell you. According to the Forest Service, 
when work is necessary to open a road for access, they use the capital improvement and maintenance fund. If the Forest Service is working to close a road to appease environmentalists who don’t want anyone to visit the forest, they use the vegetation and watershed line item. 
more dollars to the Forest Service to keep roads open rather than closed. In addition, the CBO says that this change would save taxpayers $1 million for fiscal year 2016. 
up on behalf of my constituents in my district who want to use their forests responsibly, who want to teach their kids and grandkids how to hunt, fish, and snowmobile. They want to enjoy nature. Furthermore, I am standing up today for the small businesses that employ families throughout the outdoor economy. 
For example, I recently visited Extreme Power Sports in Gaylord, where they sell a variety of allterrain vehicles, sleds, and safety gear. This small business sells ATVs and sleds to users all over the country who come to enjoy the trails and forests in our State and beyond. 
In addition to businesses like Extreme Power Sports, the hotels and restaurants around northern Michigan are supported by those who come to visit our forests yearround. 
Healthy, accessible forests are important for our way of life in northern Michigan and across the United States. All of our constituents deserve improved access to the forests, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. BENISHEK. I yield to the gentleman from Idaho. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentleman for raising these concerns about how the Forest Service is managing its roads and trails in Michigan. I will tell you that the same concerns exist around the country, in Idaho as well as other States, too. 
Chairman CALVERT and the committee would be happy to work with you on this issue as the Interior bill moves through the process. 
Mr. BENISHEK. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ROUZER ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H. R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of 
agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
ADJOURNMENT OR RECESS OF THE SENATE AND AN ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following privileged concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 19) providing for recess of the Senate from June 25, 2015, until July 7, 2015, and adjournment of the House from June 25, 2015, until July 7, 2015. 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Representatives concurring), That when the Senate recesses or adjourns on any day from Thursday, June 25, 2015, through Friday, July 3, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand recessed or adjourned until 12:00 noon on Tuesday, July 7, 2015, or such other time on that day as may be specified by its Majority Leader or his designee in the motion to recess or adjourn, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first; and that when the House adjourns on any legislative day from Thursday, June 25, 2015, through Friday, July 3, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned until 2:00 p.m. on Tuesday, July 7, 2015, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 3 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. 
after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Maryland is recognized. 
my deep disappointment that the House will adjourn without having concluded its business. 
Charter authority for the ExportImport Bank is set to expire this coming Tuesday should Congress fail to reauthorize it, which apparently we are going to fail to do. Shutting down the 
Bank puts at risk tens of thousands of jobs at American businesses whose exports are supported by the Bank’s financing mechanisms. 
Everybody knows that a bill to reauthorize the Bank has the votes to pass in this House. Everybody has known that the charter authority to back up loans by those who would buy goods from American workers expires at the end of this month. The Speaker of this House has said that jobs will be lost shortly after we fail to do this act, which we apparently are going to fail to do. 
It is the will of the House and ought 
to be reflected by a vote of the House that this charter be renewed. And once we send it down the hall, such a bill will pass the Senate. Who said so? Senator ROYBLUNT , who used to be the 
majority whip and majority leader and minority whip in this House. 
Before leaving to go home to our districts, we ought to reauthorize the Bank and provide certainty, Mr. Speaker, to businesses and their workers who depend on it to level the playing field against foreign competitors. 
countries with whom we compete. This will diminish, at least for a short time, our ability to compete in international markets. That will cost, as Speaker BOEHNER has said, jobs in the short 
At the same time, I want to say that 
my friend from Mississippi, Representative THOMPSON , noticed a resolution 
that was referred to the Committee on House Administration today. Mr. Speaker, I believe that that resolution deserves to be considered in the committee without delay, and I hope it will be. 
racially motivated murders of nine innocent people in Charleston last week, Americans across the country are taking a long overdue, critical look at the practice of allowing confederate symbols of hatred, slavery, and segregation to remain on prominent display in our public places. There is no public space more visible and more important than this United States Capitol Building. 
Mr. THOMPSON ’s resolution would authorize the Speaker to remove Mississippi’s flag—the only one to include the battle flag of the Confederacy— from the Capitol complex until such time as the State of Mississippi selects a new flag, free from a legacy of bigotry, exclusion, and racism. 
swiftly to design a new flag that more accurately reflects their pride in diversity, tolerance, and equality. 
or staffer, especially those whose ancestors suffered the horrors of slavery and segregation, should have to see that symbol in the temple to liberty that is our Capitol. 
that the House is adjourning without having completed its task for the June work period and without having shown 
the American people that Congress can do what it has been sent to do: support job growth, promote justice, and achieve results for those it serves. 
my objection would lead to the swift enactment today or tomorrow of the ExportImport Bank, I would object. I do not believe that that would be the result; and, therefore, I will shortly withdraw my objection, but with a plea to the majority party that they bring to the floor very shortly after we return the reauthorization of the Export Import Bank and that the Committee on House Administration give prompt consideration to the resolution of the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ). 
I withdraw my reservation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation is withdrawn. 
There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, with our 239th Independence Day around the corner, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing what makes our Nation the greatest country in the world by celebrating Patriot Week later this year. 
In 2009, while I served in the Michigan Senate, we became the first legislative body to recognize Patriot Week. Since then, five States and countless private organizations have participated in celebrating our Founders and other great Americans who furthered the cause of liberty. 
Patriot Week pays tribute to influential Americans, from George Washington to Martin Luther King, Jr.; it celebrates our values, from equal protection under the law to limited government; and it remembers our most important events, from the passage of the Constitution in 1787 to the ratification of the 19th Amendment, to many other events that collectively define our country. 
Mr. Speaker, my resolution recognizes how each of these events has advanced the principles we hold in the highest regard and encourages our schools, our government agencies, States, and private employers to participate as well as take time to remember and learn about these events that are so important to our history. 
those who died in the attacks of September 11, 2001, and those who sacrificed to save others. It ends on September 17 by celebrating Constitution Day and honoring those who risked everything to establish this Republic, for which we all have the privilege of serving. 
colleagues to join me in supporting my Patriot Week resolution. 
ago, a man walked into a church in South Carolina and, in cold blood, gunned down nine worshippers. His actions were motivated by ignorance and hate. Throughout history and also in present day, unfortunately, there has been so much terror and suffering caused by ignorance and hate. 
Mr. Speaker, in order to truly transcend racism, we must do more than remove slurs from our national vocabulary. In Hawaii, my home State, that consciousness is known as the aloha spirit—the consciousness of love and respect for all others, regardless of differences such as race, religion, gender, or nationality. 
to peace. I would like to quote Mahatma Gandhi who said: 
There must be a recognition of the existence of the soul apart from the body, and of its permanent nature, and this recognition must amount to a living faith; and, in the last resort, nonviolence does not avail those who do not possess a living faith in the God of love. 
like to take a moment to recognize a truly inspirational individual from my district. Caroline Robertson is a 12 yearold girl from Potters Hill, North Carolina. We met last October at an event in Beulaville. She was born with Trisomy 18, a rare chromosomal disorder. 
maintained a positive outlook on life, choosing to live every minute of every day. Last year, Caroline was crowned a ‘‘Dream Angel’’ by the North Carolina Outstanding Little Miss Pageant. She is using her crown to help raise awareness for handicapped children throughout North Carolina. 
fundraiser called Bikers, Tea, and Tiaras to raise money for Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals. There were over 35 crown titles in attendance, including Miss North Carolina 2014, Beth Stovall. 
adversity in 12 years than most of us will in a lifetime. She is a true inspiration to all around her, and I am honored to know her. 
work as a Dream Angel, and I know she will continue to accomplish great things in the years to come. NUCLEAR NEGOTIATIONS WITH 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
every day there is a startling headline about a new concession to Iran in the nuclear negotiations. We are undeniably cascading further and further from where these talks started just 19 months ago. 
only 5 days away, I fear and expect that even more damaging concessions to the Iranians are on the way. It doesn’t need to be this way. We don’t have to accept it, and we must make sure that our voices continue to be heard by the administration on this historic issue. 
any deal—there will be a full on PR blitz to try to sell this agreement. When that happens, we must stand strong and avoid the temptation to simply go along with the ‘‘thrill of the deal.’’ 
momentum, we must not flinch from the simple, foundational idea that we have dedicated ourselves to all along, preventing Iran from having any path to a nuclear weapon. We can do it if we stick together. 
MOOLENAAR ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
been a big day over at the Supreme Court and a big day for the Constitution as the Constitution has taken a rather profound hit. 
The rules are made clear. We will not impugn anybody’s integrity and office up here, so I am not talking about an individual, I am talking about how completely dishonest, disingenuous, and how much affront to the Constitution and pure candor the majority’s opinion is at the Supreme Court. 
against the majority opinion than at the end of the opinion itself. The majority indicted themselves with their own words. 
the majority says, ‘‘In a democracy, the power to make the law rests with those chosen by the people. Our role is more confined’’—and then quotes from Marbury v. Madison—‘‘to say what the law is.’’ 
‘‘That is easier in some cases than in others. But in every case we must respect the role of the legislature, and take care not to undo what it has done. A fair reading of legislation demands a fair understanding of the legislative plan. ‘‘Congress passed the Affordable Care 
Act to improve health insurance markets, not to destroy them. If at all possible, we must interpret the Act in a way that is consistent with the former, and avoids the latter. Section 36B can fairly be read consistent with what we see as Congress’ plan, and that is the reading we adopt.’’ 
That majority opinion is an indictment of the majority. The Constitution is worthless—absolutely worthless— when we have a majority of the Supreme Court that makes up law or in this case says: Do you know what? We know what Congress passed, we have read it, and we get it. 
It makes exceedingly clear that unless a State sets up a State exchange for health care, then that State will be punished by not getting subsidies. That was debated, and that was included by the majority of the House and Senate without a single Republican vote, not a single Republican vote. 
Means told some of our Members: We don’t need your vote, and we don’t want your input. 
this down the throats of the Republican Party and the majority of the American people. That is why they lost the majority in November 2010. 
set up a State exchange, you don’t get the subsidies in your State. God bless all the States that stood up and said: No, this is wrong. A majority of the American people didn’t want this. You passed this without any input from nearly a majority of the constituents that are represented by Republicans. You didn’t care that it was the most partisan a bill that has ever passed in Congress. You didn’t care. You forced it. It is bad for Americans, and we are not going to help you by setting up a State exchange. Yes, we understand the law is very clear. Our State doesn’t get the subsidies from the Federal Government—those are called bribes to be more literal—our State won’t get the bribes that you throw back at us that came from our taxpayers if we don’t set up the State exchanges. We understand that. 
passed that bill and the President that helped pass the bill and forced it through and signed it realized they had made a major mistake, and rather than come and get Republicans to fix the disaster they had created, the President who had indicated he has a pen and he has a phone, decided: That allows me to make law, create new law, and change law completely that I have already signed into law because I got a pen and a phone, I can just change it upon my whim. 
through his administration, they decided that they would set up Federal exchanges. Even though the law was 
subsidies. They decided we better start giving them subsidies. If I sound sensitive about this, Mr. Speaker, it is because I am. 
costs so many of my constituents the health insurance they liked because they were lied to every time they were told by anybody if you like your policy you can keep it, that was a lie, and when people were told, Nobody that is in this country illegally will ever get insurance under ObamaCare, that was a lie. 
doctor, you can keep your doctor, no matter who told it to them, that was a lie. They were all lies. 
it within the White House and decided: Well, the best thing to do is not to tell everybody that they stand a good chance of losing their own health insurance and losing their doctor and losing their hospital and losing their particular policy that may keep them alive. Let’s don’t tell them that. Let’s just say, if you like your doctor, if you like your health care, you can keep it. 
The bill passed. It was a bad bill, and 
now, we have a Supreme Court that has entered into the fiction and the fraud that this opinion can somehow act like the law was equivocal when it was very unequivocal. 
God bless Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas at the—well, the minority opinion, as it says here, I have a copy of the whole opinion, including the dissent, Justice Scalia with Justice Thomas and Justice Alito join, dissenting. 
Court holds that when the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act says ‘‘exchanges established by the State,’’ it means ‘‘exchanges established by the State or the Federal Government.’’ 
the Court’s 21 pages of explanation make it no less so. 
answer to the question of whether someone who buys insurance on an exchange established by the Secretary gets the tax credit, he says: ‘‘You would think the answer would be obviously.’’ 
need for the Supreme Court to hear a case about it. In order to receive any money under section 36B, an individual must enroll in an insurance plan through ‘‘an exchange established by the State.’’ The Secretary of Health and Human Services is not a State. 
longer have meaning if an exchange that is not established by a State is ‘established by the State.’’’ 
obvious, and rational meaning of a statute is always to be preferred to any curious, narrow, hidden sense that nothing but the exigency of a hard case and the ingenuity and study of an acute and powerful intellect would discover.’’ That quote is from Lynch v. Alworth 
Under all the usual rules of interpretation, in short, the government should lose this case, but normal rules of interpretation seem always to yield to overriding principle of the present Court: the Affordable Care Act must be saved. 
is in when we have a President who makes law at the sound of his voice, at the stroke of his pen, without going through Congress, and then that is aggravated exponentially by a Supreme Court that enters into the charade. 
As the Court said on page 5 of its dissent, adopting the Court’s interpretations means nullifying the term ‘‘by the State,’’ not just once, but again and again throughout the act. 
It goes on to point out that the term 
‘‘by the State’’ is mentioned seven times throughout the bill and that the majority on the Court, they could care less about the Constitution, they could care less about their oath. They feel their job is to uphold anything that this President and the former Democratic majority sent to them, regardless of how badly it requires them to ax the Constitution. 
next defense of the indefensible, the Court’’—talking about the majority— ‘‘turns to the Affordable Care Act’s design and purposes.’’ 
something because the law was very clear. To get the subsidies, a State had to set up an exchange. 
gone wrong in consulting statutory purpose at all, the Court goes wrong again in analyzing it.’’ 
‘‘Compounding its errors, the Court forgets that it is no more appropriate to consider one of a statute’s purposes in isolation than it is to consider one of its words that way.’’ 
all, for the repute of today’s decision, the Court’s reasoning is largely selfdefeating.’’ 
It goes on to explain why. Page 18 of the dissent says: ‘‘The 
Court’s decision reflects the philosophy that judges should endure whatever interpretive distortions it takes in order to correct a supposed flaw in the statutory machinery. That philosophy ignores the American people’s decision to give Congress ‘all legislative powers’ enumerated in the Constitution, citing article I, section 1. They made Congress, not this Court, responsible for both making laws and mending them. 
power, the power to pronounce the law as Congress has enacted it. We lack the prerogative to repair laws that do not work out in practice, just as the people lack the ability to throw us out of office if they dislike the solutions we concoct. We must always remember, therefore, that our task is to apply the 
approach seem respectful of Congressional authority, the Court asserts that its decision merely ensures that the Affordable Care Act operates the way Congress meant it to operate. 
sure that Congress meant tax credits to be available everywhere? Those are great questions that the dissent asks, even though they are rhetorical. 
tyranny today. I predicted this for quite some time because when you have someone who is Solicitor General under the Obama administration and who has the job of advising—well, first of all, defending legislation and defending acts that the administration wanted defended in court, but of course, part of that means, as any good lawyer will tell you, that attorney that defends you in court must give you advice about that which he or she may have to defend in court. 
before the Senate and lie that there had never been any discussions about the Affordable Care Act, about ObamaCare, in the presence of the Solicitor General, or the Solicitor General was completely incompetent. 
Everybody that voted for that Solicitor General should have their heads examined because either a lie or incompetence should have been enough to keep a former Solicitor General from going on to the Supreme Court of the land. It didn’t happen. That person went on the Court. 
Justices, on the Supreme Court to flaunt the law, disobey perhaps one of the most critical laws assigned to the court, in order to participate in an opinion in which they want to change the law. 
didn’t come down with a decision regarding samesex marriage today, that should be coming out next week. So far, there has been no notice that the two Justices that perform samesex weddings would be disqualifying themselves as 28 U.S.C. section 455 says. 
in A part—there is an A part that would disqualify judges, or Justices, and then there is a B part that may as well, but A is a certainty. 
judge of the United States shall disqualify himself’’—that can be male or female—‘‘in any proceeding in which his impartiality might reasonably be questioned.’’ 
Supreme Court Justices that, so far, have given no indications of anything but that they are going to intentionally knowingly violate that law and participate in a majority opinion, 
longer this little experiment in a democratic republic will last. I would submit not much longer. 
found this country. When all seemed lost and nothing appeared to be agreeable to a majority in the constitutional convention, they took a recess to go worship God at the Reformed Calvinist church in Philadelphia. 
preacher prayed, what he spoke. He seemed to make a real difference because they came back. As Alexander Hamilton noted—someone not noted for being spiritual—he noted that, clearly, the finger of God was involved in bringing together people that could not agree in such an incredible document. 
as a majority of the Supreme Court did, on the clear meaning, clear statement of the law. So far, I hope and pray they will have a change of heart and not disobey the law in order to try to change law overriding State constitutions, as it may. 
change of heart and they will disqualify themselves, anyone on the Supreme Court, who clearly, not just might reasonably be questioned, but they clearly were biased and partial when it comes to samesex marriage. Hopefully, they will disqualify themselves, and we will get an opinion by a more objective Court; but if they don’t, we are looking at a constitutional crisis of incredible proportions. 
created out of whole cloth by a majority of unelected judges who violate the law itself in order to create new law? I think the answer is: No, you don’t have to follow that kind of law. 
There is no question that the persecution of Christians who practice their religion, as set out in the Bible, will be forced to subject themselves to persecution, as this administration already has shown. 
It doesn’t matter if you are a nun and 
you have devoted your entire life to helping the poor and the downtrodden, your little sister of the poor; it doesn’t matter to this administration. 
the muck, through the devastation of having to go to court, all because you happen to believe what the Founders believed, the huge majority since, heck, over a third of the signers of the Declaration of Independence were actually ordained Christian ministers, and then the great work by churches to force the Constitution to mean what it said so that slavery was eliminated, the great work of an ordained Christian minister named Martin Luther King, Jr., in pushing the issue of civil rights for one and all, so that one day, hopefully, we can have people judged not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. 
believed in, that he was ordained and preached, the things those abolitionist 
churches believed with all their hearts, if the Supreme Court does what the indications are they will likely do, they would be persecuted for their beliefs, our very Founders would be persecuted for their beliefs. This isn’t about slavery. We did away with that. It is tragic. 
preference is, should be discriminated against; but when it comes to marriage, it is the building block, the foundational building block established by nature itself, by nature’s God, by the law of Moses, the Moses imprint that exists above my head here in this Chamber, that exists on the southern wall of the chamber of the Supreme Court, and is the law as Jesus laid it out regarding marriage when he quoted Moses. 
days, and I am afraid this decision today that mocks the law, both case law and the written law, we are coming into some difficult days. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 6 minutes remaining. 
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), my friend. 
going on about today’s Supreme Court decision, and I, too, am very troubled by what I read today. To me, there are a couple of big issues at play here. 
Congress 5 years ago rammed through legislation without reading it. We all remember the famous line: ‘‘Pass it to find out what is in it.’’ The American people continue to find out what is in it. I heard the President talking today about this law’s being woven into the fabric of the country. What is being woven into the fabric of the country are higher premiums, higher deductibles, less choice, more Washington, more bureaucrats, more forcing people to violate their consciences. That is not the way we need to be going. 
for the second time has allowed, really, a lack of accountability. When we saw in the NFIB case how they said, ‘‘Oh, it is not a penalty; it is a tax,’’ there were people in this Chamber who argued for the Affordable Care Act in saying there are no taxes here. Then the Supreme Court absolved them of that responsibility by saying, ‘‘Oh, it is a tax. We will keep it in place.’’ Here today is clear language that subsidies would go to only those exchanges that were established by the State. 
it is not just with Congress’ not being held accountable for the laws it passes; there is a separation of powers issue here as we see another branch of the 
government invade the lawmaking responsibility that this Congress has. Again, I want to talk about Justice Scalia’s dissent here. 
philosophy that judges should endure whatever interpretive distortions it takes in order to correct a supposed flaw in the statutory machinery. That philosophy ignores the American people’s decision to give Congress ‘all legislative powers’ enumerated in the Constitution.’’ 
That is what the Constitution says. ‘‘They made Congress, not this Court, 
responsible for both making laws and mending them. This Court holds only the judicial power—the power to pronounce the law as Congress has enacted it. We lack the prerogative to repair laws that do not work out in practice, just as the people lack the ability to throw us out of office’’—that is, the Supreme Court—‘‘if they dislike the solutions we concoct.’’ 
to amend the laws, not the Supreme Court’s. The dissent continues: 
the pretense of interpreting it, the Court should have left it to Congress to decide what to do about the Act’s limitation of tax credits to State exchanges . . . The Court’s insistence on making a choice that should be made by Congress both aggrandizes judicial power and encourages congressional lassitude.’’ 
to make law. It is the Court’s job to interpret the law, not to rewrite the law as it did in the NFIB case and not to rewrite the law as it did today. 
these very serious issues as to what happened with the Court today. 
Chamber in recent years past, in support of a filibuster, that I would enjoy standing with him on other occasions, and I appreciate so much his observations. 
with this observation from John Adams, 1776 July. He is writing to Abigail. In the last paragraph, he writes: 
enthusiasm’’—in talking about the Declaration of Independence—‘‘but I am not. I am well aware of the toil and blood and treasure that it will cost to maintain this Declaration and support and defend these States. Yet, through all the gloom, I can see the rays of ravishing light and glory. I can see that the end is worth more than all the means, that posterity will triumph in that day’s transaction even though we may regret it, which I trust in God we shall not.’’ 
For this to stand as a country, as a 
democratic Republic as created, it takes courage and it takes integrity, and we didn’t get that from the Supreme Court today. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) for 30 minutes. 
Speaker, the deadline is bearing down on us for the President’s nuclear agreement with Iran. So, at this moment, Congress must send the administration a strong message: In order to be acceptable, any agreement must bar every Iranian path to nuclear weapons. 
decades. There has been a lot of reporting of stopgap deals that would try to restrict Iran in the short term while giving it a blank check after just some 10 years. Such an agreement would be absurd, Mr. Speaker. Given Iran’s longstanding nefarious quest for nuclear weapons and its government’s genocidal antiSemitism, I and the vast majority of my colleagues in Congress would never accept such a bad deal. 
current nuclear infrastructure and turn over nearly all of its stockpile of uranium. Iran prefers to merely ‘‘disconnect’’ its 19,000 centrifuges. That is totally unacceptable —coming from the Iranian Government with its murderous threats to annihilate the State of Israel and its obsessive hatred of Jews worldwide. It is estimated that centrifuges could be reconnected in a matter of mere months—and so they must be dismantled, and the core should be removed from the Arak heavy water reactor. 
or a reduction of sanctions until the International Atomic Energy Agency, or IAEA, certifies that Iran has complied with its commitments under the agreement; and IAEA inspectors must be granted access to any and all suspected sites. This access must be unimpeded, Mr. Speaker, meaning that the IAEA must be able to conduct inspections at military sites as well. The rule must be full access—anytime, anywhere. 
past efforts to develop nuclear weapons. Unless it does so, there is no way to establish a baseline from which to measure its current capacities and potential future violations and responsibly gauge a ‘‘breakout time.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, these are minimum criteria. In order to get congressional approval, any deal the President presents to Congress will have to have met them. The Nuclear Agreement Review Act gives Congress the authority to review any agreement with Iran and to pass a joint resolution barring any statutory sanctions relief. The administration and the Iranian Government need to know that the vast majority of my colleagues will be as firm as I am in 
insisting on them. I am certainly prepared to vote against any agreement that does not meet these criteria. 
Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration has shown itself far too weak in dealing with Iran. For example, last week, Secretary Kerry said that the United States is ‘‘not fixated’’ on Iran’s explaining its past behavior—a 
significant backtracking on his earlier insistence on this crucial point. 
been reading disturbing reports of administration weakness in the negotiations on a whole range of issues—from demanding access to potential nuclear sites to signaling a willingness to repeal nonnuclearrelated sanctions. Just yesterday, five of the President’s top former Iran advisers wrote an open letter, warning that the agreement ‘‘may fall short of meeting the administration’s own standard of a ‘good’ agreement.’’ The letter outlined concerns about concessions at the same time that Ayatollah Ali Khamenei appeared to back away from other preliminary understandings. 
There are many other signs of the administration’s weakness, Mr. Speaker, in its dealings with Iran. Fundamentally, it refuses to speak truths that are obvious to everyone: that the Iranian Government has made itself the enemy of the United States and the genocidal enemy of the State of Israel, and that our goal must always be to prevent it from acquiring or manufacturing nuclear weapons now and long into the future. A nuclear Iran would be a grave threat to our country and an existential threat to Israel, our closest ally. That is intolerable. The administration seems to no longer recall that Iran is the leading sponsor of Hezbollah and Hamas. 
Saeed Abedini is another sad sign of administration weakness toward Iran. Saeed Abedini is an American citizen. He was in Iran in 2012, visiting family and building an orphanage, when he was taken prisoner. As a matter of fact, he had been given permission by the Iranians to do just that. Twelve years before, he had converted to Christianity and, later, was involved in the home church movement in Iran. Knowing about his conversion and earlier engagement in home churches, Iranian authorities approved his 2012 trip, approved his orphanage building, and then imprisoned him. He has been in prison ever since then and has suffered immensely from beatings that have caused internal bleeding, death threats, solitary confinement, and more. His wife, Naghmeh, who is also an American and has been a heroic champion for her husband and their two children, has also suffered. I have chaired two hearings when we have heard from Naghmeh, who told the compelling story of her husband, of her love for her husband, of the gross injustice that he has been forced to suffer. It is time the administration made this a priority and a very, very important 
enough to secure his release. There is no doubt about it. The administration does little more than raise his case and those of other American prisoners on the sidelines of the nuclear negotiations because it sees the prisoners as sideline issues. This is an American citizen, unjustly imprisoned now for over 1,000 days—and tortured—in Iran, and the administration has a few marginal conversations with Iranian officials and considers that good enough. It is deeply disturbing. It ought to be a central priority. 
Mr. Speaker, it is also a very alarming sign of what we might expect the administration to present us with when we return to session in early July. That is why Congress’ responsibility is to be prepared to maintain a much firmer line on the outcome of these negotiations—when we review the agreement—than the administration seems to be taking. 
bring to the attention of my colleagues a couple of excerpts from today—they were released today—from the State Department’s Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2014, which reads in pertinent part: 
problems were severe restrictions on civil liberties, including the freedoms of assembly, speech, religion, and press; limitations on the citizens’ ability to change the government peacefully through free and fair elections; and disregard for the physical integrity of persons whom authorities arbitrarily and unlawfully detained, tortured, or killed. 
‘‘Other reported human rights problems included: disappearances; cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment, including judicially sanctioned amputation and flogging; politically motivated violence and repression; harsh and lifethreatening conditions in detention and prison facilities, with instances of deaths in custody; arbitrary arrest and lengthy pretrial detention, sometimes incommunicado; continued impunity of the security forces; denial of fair public trial, sometimes resulting in executions without due process; the lack of an independent judiciary; political prisoners and detainees; ineffective implementation of 
civil judicial procedures and remedies; arbitrary interference with privacy, family, home, and correspondence; severe restrictions on freedoms of speech, including via the Internet, and press; harassment and arrest of journalists; censorship and media content restrictions; severe restrictions on academic freedom; severe restrictions on the freedoms of assembly and association.’’ 
That is just a few of the catalog of 
horrors being imposed upon Iranians and people like our own American citizens being held in custody, like Pastor Saeed Abedini. 
by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 893. An act to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 230. An act to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Yukon 
Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska. LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a medical procedure. 
REVISIONS TO THE ALLOCATIONS AND AGGRE GATES OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET RES OLUTION RELATED TO TRADE LEGISLATION  
in the Congressional Record revisions to the budget allocations and aggregates of the Fiscal Year 2016 Concurrent Resolution on the Budget, S. Con. Res. 11, pursuant to section 
4506 of such concurrent resolution. These revisions are designated for Senate Amendment 2065 to H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015. Corresponding tables are attached. 
purposes of budgetary enforcement. These revised allocations and aggregates are to be considered as the aggregates and allocations included in the budget resolution, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as adjusted. Pursuant to section 3403 of such concurrent resolution, this revision to the allocations and aggregates shall apply only while Senate Amendment 2065 to H.R. 1295 is under consideration or upon its enactment. 
Adjustment for the Senate amendment to HR 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015: 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2017–2025 will not be considered until future sessions of Co ngress. 
House Committee on Ways and Means 2016 2016–2025 Total 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 533. An act to revoke the charter of 
incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for 
Speaker, pursuant to Senate Concurrent Resolution 19, 114th Congress, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), pursuant to Senate Concurrent Resolution 19, 114th Congress, the House adjourned until Tuesday, July 7, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 1942. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
1947. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of New Mexico; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Ozone and 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards and Interstate Transport of Fine Particulate Matter Air Pollution Affecting Visibility [EPAR06OAR20140270; FRL992938Region 6] received June 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Removal of Pilot Pairing Requirement [Docket No.: FAA20152129; 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of VOR Federal Airways; Northeastern United States [Docket No.: FAA20151650; Airspace Docket 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
and Government Reform. H.R. 313. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a serviceconnected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 
180). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1069. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to require information on contributors to Presidential library fundraising organizations, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–181). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1531. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–182). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 690. A bill to require each agency, in providing notice of a rule making, to include a link to a 100 word plain language summary of the proposed rule (Rept. 114–183). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 712. A bill to impose certain limitations on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–184). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agriculture. H.R. 2647. A bill to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fireprone forested lands, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114–185, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2647. A bill to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fireprone forested lands, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114–185, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 208. A bill to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to establish a program to make loans to certain businesses, homeowners, and renters affected by Superstorm Sandy; with amendments (Rept. 114–186). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 2499. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to increase access to capital for 
veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–187). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 2670. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–188). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 1023. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to provide for increased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control (Rept. 114–189). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 2886. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish an Automated and Connected Vehicle Research Initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. M ENG, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. T AKANO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
POLIS, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. H ONDA , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
2 hours of paid leave in order to vote in Federal elections; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2888. A bill to establish a program for 
the licensing of Internet poker by States and federally recognized Indian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2889. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the proper tax treatment of personal service income earned in passthru entities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2890. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify certain rules applicable to qualified small issue manufacturing bonds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2891. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to inflation adjust the 
care assistance programs and flexible spending arrangements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2892. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to prescribe safety standards for autocycles and related equipment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2893. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to require that decorative objects depicting the official seal of the Department of Defense, the military departments, the Armed Forces, and the Defense Agencies be manufactured in the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. ESTY (for herself and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania): 
the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2895. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish payment parity under the Medicare program for ambulatory cancer care services furnished in the hospital outpatient department and the physician office setting; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2896. A bill to require the Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies to take risk profiles and business models of institutions into account when taking regulatory actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
of a report to the Congress on parasitic disease among poor Americans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
MCCARTHY , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. N UNES , 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. D IAZ 
BALART , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. S IMPSON , 
Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. C OOK, Mr. R ODNEY  
HUNTER , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. I SSA, Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
HARDY , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
in the State of California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Office for Countering Violent Extremism; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ROSS (for himself and Mr. MURPHYof Florida): 
H.R. 2901. A bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California (for herself, Mr. GIBSON , Ms. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. Y OUNG  
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to prevent bullying and harassment of students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
KIND, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. N EAL, Mr. W OMACK , 
H.R. 2903. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alcoholic beverages; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2904. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to clarify the use of a towaway trailer transportation combination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 2905. A bill to amend title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide that only health plans made available by the Federal Government to Supreme Court Justices and staff are Exchange health plans; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2906. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the Texas Western College National Collegiate Athletic Association men’s basketball championship; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2907. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reinstate estate and generationskipping taxes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CLAY (for himself, Mr. FORTEN BERRY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. H ANNA , Ms. C LARKE of 
H.R. 2908. A bill to adopt the bison as the 
national mammal of the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. SINEMA (for herself, Mr. HUNTER, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
H.R. 2909. A bill to establish an interagency working group to study the use of unmanned aircraft systems for wildland firefighting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
MCSALLY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
from certain group health plan requirements to allow small businesses to use pretax dollars to assist employees in the purchase of policies in the individual health insurance market, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. JONES , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. B LUM, 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. F LORES , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mrs. L UMMIS, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. 
to examine the United States monetary policy, evaluate alternative monetary regimes, and recommend a course for monetary policy going forward; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. JONES , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. B LUM, 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. C OLE, 
Mr. W OODALL , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. F LORES , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mrs. L UMMIS, Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. 
H.R. 2913. A bill to amend the Federal Reserve Act to improve the functioning and transparency of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Open Market Committee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
of California, Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. Z INKE): 
H.R. 2914. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require congressional approval before the appropriation of funds for Department of Veterans Affairs major medical facility leases; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2915. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics 
that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2916. A bill to amend chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, to restrict the ability of a person whose Federal license to import, manufacture, or deal in firearms has been revoked, whose application to renew such a license has been denied, or who has received a license revocation or renewal denial notice, to transfer business inventory firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. H IMES, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
ELLISON , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. F ARR, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. D EGETTE , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
PINGREE , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. F UDGE , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. C APPS , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Ms. M ENG, Ms. E STY, Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
H.R. 2917. A bill to incentivize State reporting systems that allow mental health professionals to submit information on certain individuals deemed dangerous for purposes of prohibiting firearm possession by such individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself and Mr. MURPHY of Florida): 
H.R. 2918. A bill to ensure fairness in premium rates for coverage under the National Flood Insurance Program for residences and business properties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
COFFMAN , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. T IPTON ): 
district judgeships for the district of Colorado; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
DELAURO , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. K INGof New York): 
H.R. 2920. A bill to amend the Lacey Act 
Amendments of 1981 to prohibit importation, exportation, transportation, sale, receipt, acquisition, and purchase in interstate or foreign commerce, or in a manner substantially affecting interstate or foreign commerce, of any live animal of any prohibited wildlife species; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2921. A bill to intensify stem cell research showing evidence of substantial clinical benefit to patients, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for himself, Mr. ROYCE , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. R USH, Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
KLINE, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSONof Texas, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. J OHNSON of 
MCCLINTOCK , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. P ITTENGER , 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. 
H.R. 2922. A bill to amend the section 221 of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide relief for adoptive families from immigrant visa fees in certain situations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
himself, Mr. BABIN, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. O LSON , and 
H.R. 2923. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to award grants to expand programs in maritime and energy workforce technical training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2924. A bill to withdraw certain Federal lands and interests located in Pima and Santa Cruz counties, Arizona, from the mining and mineral leasing laws of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Cruz Valley National Heritage Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
lands in the Sonoran Desert of the State of Arizona as national conservation areas and wilderness areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2927. A bill to authorize Hispanicserving institutions receiving grants under part A of title V of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to use such grant amounts to assist students in entering medical schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. C RAWFORD , and Mr. W ESTERMAN ): 
H.R. 2928. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Power Act to require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to minimize infringement on the exercise and enjoyment of property rights in issuing hydropower licenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
DELAURO , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. L ARSON of 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. C ROWLEY ): 
certain provisions relating to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2931. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to reduce the number of members of the Federal Election Commission from 6 to 5, to revise the method of selection and terms of service of members of the Commission, to distribute the powers of the Commission between the Chair and the remaining members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. D AVIS of 
H.R. 2932. A bill to provide for the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish grant programs to improve the health and positive youth development impacts of youth sports participation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2933. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to establish a local rail facilities and safety program to award grants for freight capacity projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ONDA , 
SERRANO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
H.R. 2934. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the Advisory Committee on Homeless Veterans for five years; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2935. A bill to provide for a fiveyear 
extension of the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of medical disability examinations by contract physicians; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to treat infant formula as adulterated if its usebydate has passed; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. A LLEN , 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. 
York, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. M ARINO , 
of Florida, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
UPTON , Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, and Mr. W ILSON of 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, 
in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. ROSS, Ms. M OORE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
H.R. 2938. A bill to amend the Housing and 
Community Development Act of 1974 to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a loan repayment program for certain architects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2939. A bill to repeal certain appropriations riders that limit the ability of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives to administer the Federal firearms laws; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. D OLD, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
H.R. 2940. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve and make permanent the abovetheline deduction for certain expenses of elementary and secondary school teachers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2941. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to prohibit the receipt of bonuses by Department of Veterans Affairs employees who violate Federal civil laws or regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. G OSAR , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. B RAT, 
H.R. 2942. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to detain any alien who is unlawfully present in the United States and is arrested for certain criminal offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2943. A bill to prohibit the Department of Agriculture from obligating or expending any funds for grants awarded for research on the prevention of rose rosette disease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. Y OHO, Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
RIGELL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): 
accountability, transparency, and respect for federalism in Federal criminal law by applying the findings of the bipartisan OverCriminalization Task Force and evidencebased reforms already made by some States, and reinvesting the resulting savings from doing so in additional evidencebased criminal justice strategies that are proven to reduce recidivism and crime, and the burden of the criminal justice system on the taxpayer; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2945. A bill to require the administering authority to determine an individual countervailable subsidy rate upon request if four or fewer exporters and producers are involved in the investigation or review, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2946. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce the corporate income tax rate to 20 percent; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for himself and Mr. TROTT ): 
H. Con. Res. 58. Concurrent resolution supporting the designation of the week of September 11 to September 17 as ‘‘Patriot Week’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
ESTY, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. N ORTON , 
H. Con. Res. 59. Concurrent resolution expressing support for designation of June 21 as National ASK (Asking Saves Kids) Day to promote children’s health and gun safety; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senate H.R. 1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
of the privileges of the House; to the Committee on House Administration. 
LEWIS, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. R USH, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OHEN , 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding the enhancement of unity in America; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H. Res. 343. A resolution expressing concern regarding persistent and credible reports of systematic, statesanctioned organ harvesting from nonconsenting prisoners of conscience in the People’s Republic of China, including from large numbers of Falun Gong practitioners and members of other religious and ethnic minority groups; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
ADAMS , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C ARSON of 
Mr. C LAY, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
HASTINGS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. 
Ms. M OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. M AXINE  
H. Res. 344. A resolution urging the discontinued use of the Confederate battle flag, which represents pain, humiliation, torture, and racial oppression, in remembrance of the Emanuel 9; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Mr. J ONES , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. 
for designation of the month of June 2015 as ‘‘National PostTraumatic Stress Awareness Month’’ and June 27, 2015, as ‘‘National Post Traumatic Stress Awareness Day’’; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
LEHTINEN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. W ILSON  
RIBBLE , Mr. I SSA, and Mr. C LAWSON of 
use of toxic chemicals as weapons in the Syrian Arab Republic; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the House of Representatives of the State of Illinois, relative to House Resolution No. 497, urging the Congress to pass legislation in support of universal child care services for working families and to provide sufficient and sustainable funding for a permanent child care program similar to the federally administered program created and implemented under the Lanham Act of 1940; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2886. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2887. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution relating to the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) 
H.R. 2888. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
H.R. 2889. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 2890. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, as this legislation regulates commerce between the states. 
Congress with the authority to enact legislation necessary to execute one of its enumerated powers, such as Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
H.R. 2891. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2892. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
United States Constitution, which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 2893. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, of the Constitution 
H.R. 2894. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
H.R. 2895. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 2896. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 2897. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2898. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of section 8 and clause 
7 of section 9 of article I, of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 2899. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer 
H.R. 2900. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article 1, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Artcile IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respoecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article I, 
H.R. 2902. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, section 8, clause 18: Congress shall have Power—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof 
H.R. 2903. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 2904. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8, clause three; to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 2905. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2906. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power***To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into the Execution the foregoing Powers, and all the Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2907. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2908. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2909. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2910. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2911. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Labor Regulation—The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2912. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, which states that ‘‘Congress shall have the power to . . . coin money, regulate the value thereof . . .’’. 
H.R. 2913. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, which states that ‘‘Congress shall have the power to . . . coin money, regulate the value thereof . . .’’. 
H.R. 2914. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2915. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2916. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2917. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2918. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States 
H.R. 2919. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically clause 9, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court.’’ 
Article III, Section 1 states that ‘‘The judicial Power of the United States, shall be 
vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish.’’ 
H.R. 2920. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 2921. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2922. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2923. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 2924. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory of other Property belonging to the United States; 
H.R. 2925. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory of other Property belonging to the United States; 
H.R. 2926. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory of other Property belonging to the United States; 
H.R. 2927. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 2928. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . to establish post offices and post roads’’ 
H.R. 2929. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 2930. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2931. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4 of the U.S. Constitution granting Congress the authority to make laws governing the time, place, and manner of holding Federal elections 
H.R. 2932. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 2933. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
H.R. 2934. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2935. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2936. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 2938. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2939. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * to 
regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 2940. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
United States: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration. 
H.R. 2941. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 2942. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4—‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States’’ 
H.R. 2943. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
H.R. 2944. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution 
H.R. 2945. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 2946. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. P ERRY , 
Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. W ILSONof Florida, Mr. K EATING , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. K IND, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. F ARR, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. 
California, Mr. H OYER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
California, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. K ILMER , 
H.R. 136: Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
H.R. 288: Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Miss R ICEof 
H.R. 292: Mr. J EFFRIES and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 358: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
H.R. 379: Mr. D OLDand Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 465: Mr. F ORTENBERRY and Mr. S MITH 
H.R. 467: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. S MITH 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 592: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
H.R. 612: Mr. Y ODER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof 
H.R. 662: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 692: Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
THORNBERRY , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. S CALISE , and 
H.R. 699: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 721: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. T ROTT , 
Mr. G IBBS, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. 
H.R. 765: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
H.R. 767: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California and Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 829: Mr. M CNERNEY and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 986: Mr. C ULBERSON and Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 1002: Mr. B OST, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. 
H.R. 1062: Mr. H UNTER and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 1101: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L OEBSACK , and 
H.R. 1120: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. 
H.R. 1174: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. F INCHER . 
HUNTER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Ms. B ROWN of 
H.R. 1427: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. T HOMPSON  
H.R. 1462: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 1475: Mr. L UETKEMEYER and Mr. J OHNSONof Ohio. 
H.R. 1479: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama and Mr. 
H.R. 1571: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.R. 1599: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 1608: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. G OWDY , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. A LLEN , 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. 
JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. L IPINSKI , and M ISSRICEof 
H.R. 1655: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. M OULTON . 
Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and 
H.R. 1728: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T AKANO , and 
H.R. 1737: Ms. E STY, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, 
H.R. 1748: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Ms. N ORTON. 
H.R. 1768: Mr. K INGof Iowa and Mr. S MITH 
H.R. 1814: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. D EUTCH , and 
H.R. 1942: Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
H.R. 1945: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
H.R. 1994: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 2030: Mr. L OEBSACK and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2050: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. T ED 
Mr. J ONES , Ms. H AHN, and Mr. V EASEY . 
RENACCI , Mr. K IND, and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2121: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
CARNEY , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 2124: Mr. R EED, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
NOLAN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. D OLD, 
H.R. 2229: Ms. M OORE and Mr. L UETKE MEYER . 
H.R. 2260: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
MCSALLY , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
H.R. 2309: Mr. C APUANO and Mr. H INOJOSA . 
DOLD, and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 2342: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
ALLEN , Mr. H ARDY , and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 2412: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2477: Mr. O LSON and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 2494: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
FORTENBERRY , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
H.R. 2553: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. R OONEY  
of Florida, Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2557: Mr. O LSON and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 2567: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. R USH, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
H.R. 2647: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. S IMPSON , and 
H.R. 2653: Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. K ELLY of 
H.R. 2662: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. G IBSON, and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 2663: Ms. D ELBENEand Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2689: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 2710: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 2713: Mr. C LAYand Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2726: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. M ILLERof Florida and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 2734: Mr. C APUANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. 
H.R. 2742: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. M CSALLY , and 
Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. C RENSHAW , and 
H.R. 2802: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. H UDSON , and 
H.R. 2812: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. M OONEY of 
H.R. 2818: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 2820: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M URPHY of 
H.R. 2824: Mr. S COTT of Virginia and Mr. 
H.R. 2867: Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
CLYBURN , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. L EE, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
PERLMUTTER , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. D EGETTE , 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. N OLAN , 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K IND, Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
Mr. H IMES, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
BASS, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
HOYER , Ms. H AHN, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B EN 
Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
H.R. 2875: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.J. Res. 55: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. A MASH , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. P ERRY , 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. M ASSIE , 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. R OEof 
H. Con. Res. 38: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H. Res. 140: Mr. R USHand Mr. T AKAI. 
H. Res. 294: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H. Res. 310: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. 
HONDA , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H. Res. 318: Mr. M ARINO , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
H. Res. 327: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘reduced by $1,250,000’’. H.R. 2822 
Page 62, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,200,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 22: At the end of the bill 
Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order 13693. 
AMENDMENT NO. 23: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to transfer funds made available by this Act for fire preparedness activities to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for fire suppression activities. 
Page 8, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,902,000)’’. 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 27: At the end of the bill 
Page 38, line 6, after each of the first and 
AMENDMENT NO. 30: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following new section: RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLANS  
by this Act may be used to complete or implement the revision of the resource management plans for the Coos Bay, Eugene, Medford, Roseburg, or Salem Districts of the Bureau of Land Management or the Klamath Falls Field Office of the Lakeview District of the Bureau of Land Management proposed in the Bureau of Land Management Notice of Availability of the Draft Resource Management Plan Revisions and Draft Environmental Impact Statement for Western Oregon published in the Federal Register on April 24, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 23046). 
AMENDMENT NO. 31: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title) insert the following new section: 
each of the first and second dollar amounts, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,434,000)’’. 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,212,000) (increased by $2,212,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 34: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to enter into a contract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals— 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen property; or 
this offer, has been notified of any delinquent Federal taxes in an amount that exceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
the second dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $13,684,000) (increased by $13,684,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 38: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, or enforce the provisions related to 
coal valuation of the proposed rule by the Department of the Interior entitled ‘‘Consolidated Federal Oil & Gas and Federal & Indian Coal Valuation Reform’’ and dated January 6, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 608). 
AMENDMENT NO. 39: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS WITH RESPECT TO  
by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, or enforce subparts F and J of part 1206 of the proposed rule by the Department of the Interior entitled ‘‘Consolidated Federal Oil & Gas and Federal & Indian Coal Valuation Reform’’ and dated January 6, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 608). 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4619 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2015 No. 103 