come to the floor this morning barely able to talk. But not having much of a voice is common in Portland, Oregon, these days, as fans shouted themselves hoarse after the Portland Timbers’ stunning victory over the Columbus Crew on Sunday, winning the Major League Soccer Cup. 
of Portland, Oregon, is Soccer City, USA. Fans continue to prove the point with a huge celebration today. 
for an amazing season and for being such a huge part, indeed, of Portland, and all of Oregon. 
bumps along the way that made Sunday’s result seem highly unlikely. But under the leadership and direction of Coach Caleb Porter, the Timbers stayed focused and made course corrections that led them to a national championship, finishing with a flourish. 
is impossible, in the time I have, to give them their due recognition. But I want to give special mention to new U.S. citizen Darlington Nagbee; Diego Chara; Rodney Wallace; Jake Gleason; and the old, salty dog, Jack Jewsbury, all of whom have been with the Timbers since our inaugural season. 
Diego Valeri; defenders Liam Ridgewell and Nat Borchers, he of the beard; as well as goalkeeper Adam Kwarasay for 
team deserve recognition for their passion for the support and their love for our city. 
Portland Timbers without talking about, as the song goes, the greatest football supporters the world has ever seen, the Timbers Army. Your dedication to team, town, and country is an inspiration and very much in evidence in Columbus this weekend. 
Mr. Speaker, let me conclude by reminding all of America and several places in Canada that, in case you didn’t get the hint with Timber Joey and his chain saw, there is no pity in the Rose City. 
recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
to call on Donald Trump to withdraw his candidacy for the White House. We face a security test in this Nation, a national security test. It is a real and audible threat. 
President’s foreign policy. It is an area that, respectfully, I have the greatest disagreement with this administration. I have begged him in correspondence, and I have used the word ‘‘beg’’ to do more to defeat the threat of terror. 
I believe his Oval Office address Sunday night, frankly, was forgettable. He spent 5 minutes suggesting he was going to do nothing different to defeat ISIS. He spent 5 minutes lecturing Congress, and he spent 5 minutes lecturing the American people. 
that I believe the President’s policies have underestimated. But we also face a test of our commitment to religious freedom, one of the basic freedoms upon which our Nation was founded. We are either going to defend that religious freedom or we are not. 
American that we have a frontrunner in the Presidential race that suggests there will be a religious test for anybody who wishes to come to our shores. It is an affront to the very principles upon which our Nation was founded. 
We broke from a monarch that suggested all freedom and liberty was vested in the Crown and then the Crown would distribute freedom and liberty to the people. We founded a Nation based on what Jefferson called the natural rights of man, that we were, indeed, endowed by our Creator with very fundamental rights. 
Christian. I believe in the saving grace of the Jesus Christ that I call my God. The beautiful thing about this country is I can stand here on the House floor, among my peers and in front of the Nation, and declare that faith without fear of any reprisal. 
may not have the liberty to do that anymore. It is a freedom that has been fought for, from the Founders of our country, and generation upon generation of men and women who have worn the uniform of the Armed Forces and defended it, for the security of our Nation, and for the freedom of people. 
security, rightfully so. It is why we are calling on the President to do so much more to defeat this terror. It is why we are begging the President for a stronger national security test. 
test, but we must never require a religious test. 
It is time that my side of the aisle 
has one less candidate in the race for the White House. It is time for Donald Trump to withdraw from the race. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) for 5 minutes. 
I would like to congratulate the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) on his 
statement. I thought that showed some courage. It reflects the values of a lot of people here in this House and in the United States of America. It needed to be said. 
of the aisle have been working hard to reform our marijuana laws to allow more State flexibility in how marijuana is regulated and treated commercially and medically. 
broad ideological spectrum is our strong belief that we must be able to distinguish between marijuana and seriously dangerous and lethal drugs: meth, heroin, crack, cocaine, and prescription drugs as well. 
liquor stores to get money to supply their habit of marijuana. They do that for meth, crack, cocaine, heroin. It is a different, different drug. 
in this Congress and around our country is ongoing and growing rapidly, thanks to open minds, common sense, and some people having the courage to stand up for things they know are true because they, themselves, their friends, their family, and others have smoked marijuana, and they have seen that it is not a great problem. 
Americans watched a disturbing ‘‘60 Minutes’’ piece on the issue of confidential informants. Lesley Stahl was the host. It focused on how local law enforcement appears to be increasingly using young people as informants without regard to their rights or their safety. 
It is being done without distinguishing between marijuana and the dangerous drugs that affect our society and our safety: heroin, meth, crack, cocaine, opiates. 
is cited for violating drug laws, usually possessing a small amount of marijuana and perhaps having sold some to a friend, which happens regularly in 
high school and college—not that high school kids should be doing it, but it is a fact, and so are college kids. The police tell them that, unless they agree to wear a wire and implicate a number of their friends, often close friends, they could be sentenced to a long prison term, the maximum permitted by law. 
person in that situation would take that deal. Most of them do it under supreme duress, and they do it without the presence of a lawyer or the knowledge that they have a right to a lawyer. 
even telling their parents because the police tell them: Don’t tell anybody. This is just between you and me. You need to do this or you are going to prison for a long time. 
Andrew Sadek, it cost them their lives. Rachel had dealt a small amount of marijuana. They got her into dealing with people that dealt heavy drugs and guns and got her to try to make a big purchase. They didn’t do a very good job of covering her. Rachel was murdered. 
The underpinnings for this counterproductive and dangerous behavior by some of our police are the very drug laws that many of us are trying to reform. This is wrong. I hope my colleagues will work with me to help stop it. 
about the military industrial complex and its effect on our country and our budgets. 
enforcementmarijuana industrial complex, which is driven by monies that they get from busts and perverts justice and ruins people’s lives and takes away their college scholarships, their opportunity to have housing, on occasion, and their opportunities to get jobs and, indeed, their liberty. 
Department of Justice to take a close look at how this behavior not only threatens to ruin young lives but, in some cases, to end those lives. 
aftermath of all too many instances of police overreach and overreaction, works with local communities to educate law enforcement on more just and humane practices, the issue of forcing young people to be confidential informants should be added to its list. 
legislation. I hope we have people to join us. This is just part of the scourge that has come across this Nation, ruining people’s lives because of the misunderstanding of marijuana starting in the 1930s with Harry Anslinger and continuing in the 1970s with Richard 
JOLLY ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C OLLINS ) for 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I come here today, as I have on many other occasions, to discuss an issue that is close to my heart, but it is also close to every small community and every large community across the country, and that is the plight of our community pharmacists. Community pharmacists are struggling to survive each and every day in light of the anticompetitive behavior of pharmacy benefit managers, PBMs. 
Let me state up front: I have no problem with a company doing business. I have no problem with them playing in the bounds of what is fair and what is legal, and PBMs have a role in the marketplace. However, what we found out just in the last few weeks in the Judiciary Committee in a hearing is there is still a lack of regulation, enforcement, and transparency, and it is threatening the very existence of our community pharmacists in which the PBMs are acting not as competitors but, many times, as bullies. 
this is what was amazing to me—community pharmacists cannot even speak out about the appalling practices of the PBMs that they are forced to do business with because, when they do, the repercussions are swift and severe. It has been amazing to me to talk all across the country to community pharmacists who simply want to talk about what is going on in their business model in which they are put at a distinct disadvantage, and yet there are many of them saying: I can’t say anything publicly because I know I will be reprimanded or my contract will be changed or my contract will be withdrawn, and I will be out of business. 
matter what is said, we have seen firsthand that in relation to State laws that have been in response to this issue, the States have enacted transparency reform with generic drug prices and reimbursement systems called the MAC transparency laws. 
In fact, to date, 24 States have enacted such laws. The goals of these laws is to increase transparency and provide structure around the generic drug pricing and reimbursement system. But when community pharmacists speak out in support of these reasonable reforms, the PBM community has retaliated through business lawsuits against the State and even discussing it in the contracts with community pharmacists saying: Well, it would be better if we get these laws repealed. 
you have the ability to force your competitors to be audited by you and to be controlled by you to where there is no transparency, where there are issues of 
community pharmacists simply barely able to survive, the PBMs are not representing the best interests of consumers; the PBMs are representing themselves. If they were truly acting in the best interest of consumers, as they claim, they would not oppose virtually every single transparency reform effort on the State and the Federal level. In fact, it is really interesting. They come to Congress and say one thing to Members, and then they turn around and behave however they wish in the pharmacy marketplace without fear of enforcement or oversight. 
As I said from this floor a few weeks 
ago, I will continue this fight because they can’t audit me. They can audit my community pharmacists, and my community pharmacists are scared because they know their very livelihood is being put out by those who would come with shiny objects and savings that many times never materialize, but at the same time funneling money to their own businesses. 
and it is time to change it now. We must preserve pharmacy access for patients, especially those in rural areas like north Georgia, and we must put an end to the bullying that seems to be going on. 
a mistake and say that a pharmacy was not part of the new network, and when called on that, saying that we are part of that new network, they say: Well, we will send out a retraction when we get around to it. Pharmacists lose business based on these kinds of letters, and, yet the PBMs say: Oh, well, we will get around to it when we can. 
because community pharmacists routinely incur losses of approximately $100 or more on prescriptions because PBMs reimburse pharmacies well below their cost to acquire and dispense generic prescription drugs, and they have skyrocketed in price. The PBMs may wait weeks or months to update the reimbursement benchmarks they use to compensate pharmacies while drug prices increase virtually overnight. This situation jeopardizes pharmacists’ ability to continue to serve patients because it leaves community pharmacists with unsustainable losses. 
other colleagues to cosponsor H.R. 244. This reasonable legislation would require PBMs to update their maximum allowable cost benchmark every 7 days to better reflect market costs and allow pharmacists to know the source by which PBMs set reimbursements for their community pharmacist. 
fighting for businesses both large and small. But this is a time in which we are coming and I am coming to the floor fighting for community pharmacists who many times are the main source of health care in a community. They are the ones that are trusted. 
They are the ones that are needed. And it is time for this body to stand up for them, against the anticompetitive tactics of PBMs and the bullying behavior that has got to stop. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
a conversation that I had recently, speaking about the other body, it was mentioned that that body is the deliberative body. There are opportunities for collaboration between Members, Democrat and Republican. But I am in the people’s House, and I believe that Members also have the duty and commitment to collaborate and to be deliberative and thoughtful. 
just a number of points about our wonderful Constitution. 
I first want to begin by saying this is 
Restore the Vote Tuesday, and I am wearing a pin that highlights the importance of voting and the responsibilities of our civic constituency. My colleague from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) is 
on the floor, and I join her in recognizing how special this right is and to know that many of us—I attempted to register sharecroppers in South Carolina, North Carolina, and Georgia in my college days, people who were still frightened about voting. I saw what the 1965 Voting Rights Act did, and we need to restore it. 
Houston on Saturday, and I want to say to my constituents that we will do all that we can to prevent any prohibitive barriers from voting, from your voting. 
it is the right to have the right to freedom of expression, freedom of speech, and freedom of religion. 
candidates took to the airwaves in the last 24 hours to pronounce or announce or demagogue, saying that no Muslims should be allowed in this country. Mr. Speaker, I believe that we, as Members of Congress, should be empathetic and sympathetic to the concern of the American people. Maybe some are frightened. I do not make light of that. 
I have been on the Homeland Security Committee since 9/11, and I now serve as the ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee. I take these obligations very seriously. For any of us who have been to Ground Zero even at that time and since that time, it is seared in our minds. 
those of us reflecting on Paris, but now our own brothers and sisters realize that government must act in a way for Americans to feel safe and secure. But I would say that having met and stood with the Muslim community in my district on Sunday, late in the afternoon, 
Federal building with Christians alike. Arm in arm we prayed. But I just stood back and listened to one Muslim representative after another come and proclaim their patriotism and denouncing the violence and distortion of their faith. 
from New Jersey just moved me. He began to articulate the elements of the Koran: benevolence and love. As a 25 yearold, he stood up to denounce this violence. That is the kind of American partnership that we need. 
had a press conference and vigil. We said that we would form a task force. I encourage Members throughout this body to have task forces on this very issue: How can we help? 
to thank him, for maybe people were not listening—the President was very clear that he is going to take the hunt and hunt down terrorist plotters to any country where they are. The President also indicated he will continue to provide training and equipment to Iraqi and Syrian forces and work with friends and allies to stop ISIL’s operations; and with American leadership, the international community has begun to establish a process and timeline to pursue ceasefires and a political resolution to the Syrian war. Our President is focused. The Congress needs to be focused. 
Yes, we need to be able to put forward legislative ideas, not contentious. No terrorist should have the ability to get a gun. Therefore, we should pass this bill that indicates that any terrorist on the terrorist watch list should not be able to buy a gun in the United States of America. I have legislation in the Judiciary Committee that we are preparing to come to the floor: nofly for foreign terrorists, stopping them in their tracks, from wherever they come from, from getting on any plane coming to the United States of America. That is not hostility. That is saying to the American people we care. As they say in the community: We have got your back. 
system, Mr. Speaker. We did it after 9/11. We understand the Secretary is offering that thought, the red alert. It is interesting that I thought about that, to give the American people some sense. 
simply saying that I love this country. What a wonderful set of principles in the Constitution. And I want to say to the American people that, with our God, with our faith vested in a higher power, and the knowledge of democracy, we are going to withstand, survive, fight, and have a better nation. I know that that is the better way, not demagoguery and condemnation of a faith. I would never do that. MASS SHOOTINGS 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
week’s shooting in San Bernardino, California, happened to be the second shooting of the day and the 355th of the year, equating to more mass shootings 
than days in the year. The social media pages of some of the most influential leaders in Congress expressed sympathy, thoughts, and prayers to the victims and their families. But what many failed to express was a commitment to act on this issue to make mass shootings and horrendous gun violence a far less common instance in America. 
all gun violence, we know from the experience of other countries that a combination of small but practical policy solutions can severely reduce it. But Congress continues to choose inaction. 
the devastating news coming out of Paris and San Bernardino, a majority of Members blocked the House from even debating bipartisan legislation to close the outrageous loophole that allows suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list to buy guns. It may be hard for some to believe, but in the U.S., individuals on the Federal terrorist watch list are shockingly still not prohibited from purchasing firearms. 
means you can be on the terrorist watch list, considered by the Federal Government to be a potential risk to the national security of the United States and be prohibited from boarding a plane, but still have the ability to walk into any Walmart around the country and purchase a semiautomatic weapon. 
categories of dangerous people from purchasing or owning firearms; suspected terrorists on FBI watch lists, however, are not one of them. I don’t have to explain to Members of the House the growing terrorist threat that this country is facing from lonewolf extremists which are often unpredictable and incredibly difficult to thwart. Even just one unsophisticated lone wolf extremist with a gun can do a remarkable amount of damage. 
threat either. A GAO investigation found that individuals on terrorist watch lists successfully purchased guns 1,321 times between February 2004 and December 2010. And that was before the rise of ISIS and their persistent social media campaign to recruit homegrown terrorists. 
Congresswoman LOWEY in the Appropriations Committee on a commonsense amendment to allow the Attorney General to deny firearms sales to individuals known or suspected to be involved in terrorism. Unfortunately, our attempts to pass this amendment in committee have been rebuffed every time. But this week, we have an opportunity to change that. This week, we 
can show our enemies, intent on destroying Americans and our way of life, that Congress cares more about protecting the safety of its citizens than it does about the gun lobby by finally closing this terror gap in our gun laws. 
and not, overwhelmingly support responsible, commonsense gun reforms. If this isn’t the definition of responsible and commonsense reform, I don’t know what is. There is also widespread support specifically among gun owners for closing the gap. In 2013, a survey found that 80 percent of nonNRA gun owners support prohibiting people on the terrorist watch list from obtaining guns. Mr. Speaker, 71 percent of NRA gun owners support prohibiting people on this watch list from obtaining guns. 
It is naive to think that al Qaeda and 
ISIS are not paying attention to what is happening here in Congress. Fixing this loophole is simple, responsible, and the right thing to do for public safety. Let’s not pass on this critical opportunity to close a dangerous loophole that threatens our national security. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ ) for 5 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight an issue that is incredibly important. It is probably the number one issue going on in my district today. And that is the whole issue of housing: housing, and the opportunity to own your own home, to provide a safe haven for your family, to build wealth. 
almost everybody in our country is the first rung of the ladder of wealth creation. Yet today, that dream—and it is a dream for many of our citizens, particularly those in the Latino and minority communities—is just that, a dream. Latinos, like all Americans, are committed to building a better and stronger future for their families and for their communities. It starts by becoming a homeowner, to own a piece of America, to have a real stake in America. 
That is one of the reasons homeownership is so important. It is important because it creates wealth—as I said, the first rung on the ladder for people to have an investment. It creates social stability. It creates a haven for the family, for family gettogethers. A home is really one of the most important assets for a family to have. Owning a home has farreaching consequences in our economy for communities. 
a keynote speaker at a bipartisan leadership forum on achieving the American Dream, hosted by First American 
headquartered in my district. I was joined by many of my colleagues, including Representative LINDA SA´NCHEZ , 
former Governor Luis Fortuno, industry leaders, and community activists. 
is one of the most important decisions, and it commits a person. It commits a family. It commits us towards getting to the middle class. For people in the bottom 40 percent of annual income level, wealth creation is almost exclusively in homeownership. 
According to the National Association of Home Builders, ‘‘the primary residence represents the largest asset category’’ in our country, accounting for 30 percent of our Nation’s total assets. The importance of homeownership is even greater for the middle class: 62 percent of the median homeowner’s assets and 42 percent of their total wealth lies in their home. 
equity, being able to pull out some of that equity you have built up, provides families with financial stability when there are financial stresses going on in the family. It is an emergency fund in some cases, and it helps to start a business, it helps to fund college for our children. Homeownership is a key to creating stable, economically successful households and to provide security for existing and future generations. 
weather financial shocks and increase upward economic mobility for themselves and for future generations. In fact, analysis provided by First American’s Chief Economist, Mark Fleming, highlighted homeownership trends based on household formation rates among Latino and African American Communities. The research identified the importance of homeownership based wealth formation as the key, the key to wealth creation for middle and lowincome Americans. Providing Americans with equal opportunity to pursue that homeownership is a challenge, and it is very challenging in the Latino, African American, and other minority communities. 
this really terrible, difficult recession for so many people—saw in the Latino community twothirds, 66 percent, of the wealth across our Nation within the Latino community went away. 
us in building back to homeownership for all of our communities in America. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition and acknowledgement of Restoration Tuesday and to recognize the 60th anniversary of the Montgomery Bus Boycott. There has been, Mr. Speaker, a renewed and relentless assault on our sacred 
right to vote in the aftermath of the Supreme Court’s ruling in Shelby County v. Holder. 
my colleagues in the Democratic House caucus and I have declared that every Tuesday that the House is in session shall be declared as Restoration Tuesday. So I stand before you and this august body today in hopes of giving a voice to those who have been excluded from our political process. My hope is that all the Members, Members from both sides of the aisle, will join me and over 140 Members of this august body in supporting the Voting Rights Advancement Act. 
not only restores the Voting Rights Act of 1965, but it advances it. It gives more protection to more people in more States and is, indeed, what our Founding Fathers would have wanted when they declared that our electoral process would be fair. 
we celebrated the 60th anniversary of the Montgomery Bus Boycott in my district, in Montgomery, Alabama, last week. The Montgomery Bus Boycott— the 381 days when people refused to sit and use the buses in Montgomery, breaking desegregation of the bus systems in Montgomery—it stands forever as a powerful testimony of the will of disenfranchised people to work collectively to achieve extraordinary social change. 
Parks refused to give up her seat on a segregated bus, and her bold stand against racial discrimination sparked a citywide boycott. I was in Montgomery to commemorate that occasion, along with several Members of this House. I want to thank Congressman BUTTERFIELD and Congresswoman 
week in that celebration, along with Congressman JOHNLEWIS, who forever 
stands as a beacon, a reminder of what it takes to show strength in the face of discrimination. 
Mr. Speaker, I say to all of my colleagues, what will we do to progress this wonderful legacy of social change and democracy? So many average, ordinary Americans have stood up for that proposition in the face of tremendous adversity. 
So it is my hope that on this Restoration Tuesday, we will remember their legacy, the legacy of Americans who stand up for social change, and we will do what we know is right to restore the Voting Rights Act of 1965. We can do that today, Mr. Speaker, by joining with all of the 140 or so Members of Congress who have already signed on to the Voting Rights Advancement Act; by remembering that on Tuesdays across this country, people go to vote, and they should do so without barriers, knowing that their polling stations will not be changed, knowing that if they are disabled, they will still be able to get into the ballot box in order to vote. It is so important 
that we all recognize that modern day barriers still exists to voting, Mr. Speaker. 
the vote to millions of Americans who have wrongly been shut out of the Democratic process. The voice of those excluded cannot be unheard. The Voting Rights Advancement Act that I introduced alongside Representatives JUDYCHUand L INDA SA´NCHEZ contains 
a modernday formula that will determine jurisdictions which should have Federal protections, Federal preclearance requirements. 
Congress to pass this bill to restore the Voting Rights Act of 1965. We cannot return to the days where only some votes matter. Indeed, Mr. Speaker, all voices, all votes matter. Our vote is our voice, and our voices must be heard. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ) for 5 minutes. 
law prohibits nine categories of dangerous individuals from purchasing a firearm. This includes convicted felons, domestic abusers, and the seriously mentally ill. Yet, while we prevent those on the terrorist watch list from boarding planes, they are welcome in gun stores. 
The Government Accountability Office found that between 2004 and 2014, individuals on terrorist watch lists tried to purchase guns or explosives 2,233 times. Of those attempts, 2,043, an astounding 91 percent, were approved. 
this gap. In fact, in 2011, Adam Gadahn, an Americanborn member of al Qaeda, issued a video urging violent followers to exploit weaknesses in U.S. gun laws. 
Daniel Patrick Boyd was arrested and charged with conspiring to murder U.S. military personnel at the Marine Corps base in Quantico, Virginia. Boyd, who was under investigation by the FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force, had amassed an arsenal of assault rifles and had even traveled to the Middle East to meet with militants to plan future attacks. 
and not think of the recent horrific attacks in Paris. France has extremely strict gun laws, so it is likely that the terrorists in question turned to black market sources for the weapons they used. But here in the United States, suspects on the terrorist watch list can legally purchase firearms. It simply doesn’t make any sense at all. 
of H.R. 1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act. This bill, along with an amendment that I have introduced in the Appropriations Committee, would give 
the U.S. Attorney General the authority to block suspects on the terrorist watch list from purchasing firearms. 
the United States and the ongoing threat of terrorism, it is hard to believe that four times, Republicans on the Appropriations Committee have said no to closing this dangerous loophole. 
It was rejected. In 2013, I tried again. It was rejected. Again, in 2014, rejected. Even this year, in 2015, with the tremendous threats we face as a Nation, my amendment was rejected for the fourth time. 
pass this commonsense measure. A 2012 poll found that 76 percent of gun owners, including 71 percent of NRA members, support prohibiting people on terrorist watch lists from purchasing guns. Yet, the NRA’s stranglehold on the majority in Congress has prevented my amendment from passing and the bipartisan standalone bill from even being considered. 
to cross the aisle and work together to make our country safer. Let’s close this glaring loophole immediately and arm our law enforcement with the ability to deny gun sales to suspected terrorists. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Members of the people’s House. Grant them wisdom, insight, and vision, that the work they do will be for the betterment of our Nation during a time of struggle for so many Americans. 
Fear of violence on all fronts, tensions between people of different races or religion or cultures—so many things weigh upon the citizens of this country and the representatives who serve them. 
to rise above the din of anger and confusion, fear and contention, to face the issues of these times with equanimity and good judgment. Help them to trust one another and work with those with whom they have been at odds in times 
May we all strive to become our better selves and encourage that growth in one another. 
May all that is done this day be for 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W ALORSKI ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the following resignation as a member of the Committee on the Budget: 
MR. SPEAKER , In light of my recent appointment as Chairman of the Human Resource Subcommittee on Ways and Means, I hereby resign my position on the House Budget Committee. 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
of the House Republican Conference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named member be, and is hereby, elected to the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize the Alleghany High School volleyball team, which recently won the North Carolina 1A State championship. It is the first NCHSAA State championship in the program’s history. 
Trojans on their winning campaign. The nine seniors on the team, including MVP Jade Shepherd, have been playing together since fifth grade, and it showed in their performance. They won three out of four games to defeat the defending State champion Princeton Bulldogs. 
to meet these young ladies at the annual Christmas parade in Sparta. It is clear that everyone in Alleghany County is proud of the teamwork, dedication, and perseverance they exhibited on the way to this great achievement. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
of the darkest days in American history was December 8, 1941. Over 2,400 lives were lost in the attack on Pearl Harbor the previous day. Half our Navy was destroyed, and our allies in Europe were on the verge of collapse. It was a terrifying and uncertain time to be in the world. 
these days, too. Things feel more uncertain. And for a country that enjoys the privilege of security, we might be forgiven for this growing anxiety. Fear makes it easy to be nervous and cynical. 
the better of us in this country, as we did in 1941. We translated the contagion of xenophobia into national policy with the internment of German and Japanese from my area in internment camps. 
We are hearing the same contemptible rhetoric today. It is dishonorable, it is false, and to believe it is to reject the fundamental truth that the American people are ultimately made of finer stuff than fear, blame, and prejudice. 
Mr. Speaker. Nothing is above our strength or our endurance as a nation so long as we have the grace and courage to remind ourselves on our darkest 
days of our essential values and responsibilities as a free and open people. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today to recognize Miller’s Vets, an organization in my district committed to supporting homeless veterans, and express my appreciation for the service and sacrifice our veterans have made on behalf of our country. 
Miller, Sr., a former St. Joseph County Superior Court judge and a retired lieutenant commander in the U.S. Naval Reserve, who began the organization to instill confidence and create opportunities for local veterans. 
in various services, including color guard, flag raising, and parade marches. Miller’s Vets also created a military honors funeral program comprised of 14 local veterans who have been trained to perform honor guard duty at funerals. This program partners with local funeral homes to provide full military service funerals to certain veterans without family or adequate finances to pay for their expenses. 
Vets restores the honor that these men and women deserve. I am grateful to Miller’s Vets for their dedication to providing dignity and hope to our bravest and finest. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Miller’s Vets for their tireless dedication to helping and honoring our local veterans. 
today to express my deep concern for the safety of our country and urge colleagues to act today on sensible gun safety legislation. Time after time, House Republicans have denied any discussion of voting on a measure that will close a dangerous loophole that currently allows suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list to buy guns. Last week alone, House Republicans voted not one time, not two, but three times to block debate on the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Terrorists Act. 
According to a report by the Government Accountability Office, since 2004, more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list have successfully purchased weapons in the United States. More than 90 percent of all suspected terrorists who attempted to buy a gun walked away with the weapon of their choice. 
sense: if you are too dangerous to fly, then you are too dangerous to buy a gun. We must do all that we can to prevent senseless acts of violence in our communities and bring this legislation to a vote today. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 74th anniversary of Pearl Harbor and to honor all Minnesotans and all Americans who served in World War II. I would like to recognize the service of one Minnesota family in particular. 
County, Minnesota, with his wife, Louise. They had 12 children and numerous grandchildren. An impressive 36 members of the Nolte family joined the Armed Forces and served in World War II. Fortunately, all 36 family members survived the war. However, two were wounded during their service. 
in World War II belong to the Greatest Generation. I believe that the heroism and the dedication that this family demonstrated proves this to be true. 
this Minnesota family for their service to our Nation, and I would also like to wish one of them a very happy birthday. This week Loren Wessel of Truman, Minnesota, turns 96 years old. Happy birthday, Loren. 
House Republicans voted three times to block debate on Republican Congressman PETER KING’s Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act, which would close the outrageous loophole that allows suspects who are on the FBI’s terrorist watch list to purchase weapons. 
FBI’s watch list tried to buy weapons in the U.S. in the last 11 years, and 91 percent of them walked away with a weapon. 
blocking dangerous people from having guns. Eighty percent of gun owners support this. It is a bipartisan effort. PETER KINGfrom the Republican Conference wrote this legislation, yet Republicans and the leadership blocked a chance for us to have a simple yesor no vote on what most Americans think would be logical, commonsense ways to keep us safe. 
a gun of your choice whenever you want? We are better than that. This Congress needs to act. I urge my colleagues to join me in stopping this nonsense. HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
honor the life and legacy of one of Arkansas’ great educators, Chancellor Eugene McKay of Arkansas State University at Beebe. He will be retiring in January after 50 years of service to our State’s educational system, particularly in helping assure a ready, skilled workforce. 
unrelenting commitment to education in Arkansas that has been a beacon for quality higher education at Arkansas State University. 
chancellor, Dr. McKay was responsible for the university’s recognition of having the highest student success rate in Arkansas among both 2 and 4year institutions. 
an educator by the Beebe Chamber of Commerce, that also presented him their lifetime achievement award. 
impact on the lives of Arkansans, faculty, alumni, students, and all of our communities. We will miss him. I extend him my warmest regards and best wishes for his retirement. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, you have told us over and over again that the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act will be passed in this year. 
time is here to live up to our pledge that ‘‘we will never forget.’’ We lost 3,000 innocent people on 9/11, but thousands more lost their health care and are sick and dying. They are coming to this Congress praying for their health care. 
not responded to our responders. Yet everyone agrees. Leaders on both sides of the aisle have pledged to do this before the end of the year. Yet, even when we all agree, we still seem to do nothing. As Jon Stewart so succinctly put it: Congress has become the last responders. 
respond to the first responders and give them the health care and support they so justly deserve. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, on Friday evening this past Friday, the 5A Division 1 playoffs occurred in high school football in Louisiana, and my high school alma mater of Catholic High in Baton Rouge played against our distinguished majority whip’s Catholic high school, the Archbishop Rummel High School. 
Speaker, where it went on to the fourth quarter where things were tied up with only a few seconds left with both sides praying, I am sure. We had a little bit of intervention here. And while there is a chance, Madam Speaker, that this poster was fabricated, I assure you that the win that Catholic High had over Archbishop Rummel was very, very real, and the values that each of these schools instill upon their students is also very real. 
Weiner, Catholic High School Bears out of Baton Rouge, and Coach Weiner’s over 300 wins in high school football. 
just hours before last week’s shooting, I stood in this very same spot and called on Congress to renew the assault weapons ban, which expired in 2004. 
Bernadino, we learned that one of the weapons used was an AR–15, capable of unloading 800 rounds per minute or 13 rounds per second. Just a week earlier, a gunman in Colorado Springs used an AK–47style weapon. 
out of the hands of terrorists and criminals. It is easy to say criminals and terrorists will always find a way to get a gun, but certainly we don’t need to make it easier for these individuals to get guns capable of killing dozens of innocent people within seconds. 
today to address this issue without denying a person’s Second Amendment rights. We can start by making sure someone convicted of a violent crime can’t buy a gun by exploiting a loophole and prevent someone on the terrorist watch list from buying a gun. If you are too dangerous to get on a plane, you are too dangerous to walk into a gun store and buy an assault weapon or any other gun. 
We need to start somewhere to address this epidemic if we have any hope of reducing gun violence in this country. Getting assault weapons out of the hands of criminals and potential terrorists is a good place to start. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of national Computer Science Education Week. Established in 2009 to coincide with the birthday of one of the first women in the field of computer science, Grace Murray Hopper, Computer Science Education Week provides a unique opportunity to connect students with opportunities in the computing fields. The Bureau of Labor Statistics predicts that in the year 2020, there will be roughly 10 million jobs in STEM fields. Of those, half are expected to be in computing and information technology. 
a substantial shortage of individuals with skills needed to fill computing jobs. The more we can expose and engage our students in computer science programs, the better prepared they will be for the jobs in the 21st century. 
on the Congressional Women’s High Tech Caucus, and I introduced House Resolution 554 to encourage schools, parents, and our colleagues to support computer science education, participate in an Hour of Code event this week, and join this national movement in computer science education. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, mass shootings have become daily occurrences in this country. There were 355 mass shootings in the first 336 days of this year. 
Americans are understandably shaken. As Members of Congress, it is our responsibility to enact policies to protect and defend them. 
on the terrorist watch list can walk into any gun shop and buy the firearm of their choice. That is completely legal right now, and law enforcement has no ability to stop it. 
in this country have failed for decades to protect innocent lives. We have a long way to go in reversing the deadly damage done by the lobbying efforts of the NRA, but this is a good place to start. 
Closing this glaring loophole is common sense. It is not a cureall for all gun violence in this Nation, but it is a step in the right direction. 
to bring H.R. 1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act of 2015, up for a vote immediately. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
rise today to congratulate the people of Venezuela on their democratic victory this weekend. 
Voters at the polls sent a clear message to the corrupt Maduro regime: We reject your policies and support a return to true democracy, as well as an end to an economic system that has bankrupted an otherwise wealthy nation. 
stateimposed censorship, and intimidation tactics, the democratic opposition overcame many obstacles to gain control of the National Assembly. But there is still much work that remains to be done. All political prisoners must be freed, including prodemocracy leader Leopoldo Lopez. 
without a winner announced that are very important to the final outcome of the election. 
I urge a speedy and transparent declaration of the winners and a full adjudication process for any disputed contests that can occur in certain races. 
Congratulations to the people of Venezuela for a great victory. 
shouldn’t allow terrorists who want to kill innocent Americans to have easy access to guns. It is just that simple, and that is just common sense. 
considered too dangerous to get on a plane can walk into any gun store in America and walk out with a weapon of their choice. 
We are facing an epidemic of gun violence in this country, yet House Republican leadership is unwilling to even close the most dangerous loophole like this one that exists today. 
America safe should not be a partisan issue.’’ I strongly agree. We should set politics aside and do what is right for the American people by passing commonsense gun laws and stopping senseless acts of violence in our communities. 
borne by thousands of mourning families here in America. 
It is time for Congress to step up and 
take meaningful action by closing the terrorist gun loophole and keeping dangerous people from buying guns. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Business Saturday and encouraged people to support small, local businesses. It is important we continue to shop small and keep our local communities growing. 
Two local establishments in my district recently received Florida Trend’s Golden Spoon Awards and rank among the State’s best restaurants. I would like to congratulate Dulcet Restaurant and Lounge in New Port Richey and Pearl in the Grove in Dade City. 
I am grateful to have such outstanding businesses in my home district, and I will continue my efforts to help small businesses thrive. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today as cochair of the House Pro Choice Caucus in strong support of the caucus’ resolution condemning violence toward women. 
This month, our Nation has seen unspeakable violence, including in a Planned Parenthood health center in Colorado and the awful things that happened in San Bernardino, California. I condemn this violence in the strongest possible way. 
Eightynine Americans are shot to death every day, over 300 mass killings already this year in this country, and we get up on the floor of the House and we go through our piety and we ask for a moment of silence. That is all we can give. We are not going to give any more relief to the people of the United States from gun culture, but take a moment of silence. Those of us who sit in this Chamber who can do something about it steadfastly refuse to do so. 
this world don’t have 89 killings in a month, much less every day. 
or threatened because of choosing to access health care. Violence is unconscionable and we have to stop it. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Edith Lanier. 
for four disabled veterans. It came in the form of new wheelchairs. These were not just any wheelchairs. These were four custom sport wheelchairs. These morethandeserving veterans were given these wheelchairs by Ms. 
stories about picking cotton, about milking cows, and pumping water from the well. She attended North Georgia College before moving to Savannah to build a business that she passed along to her daughter after 32 years of service. 
also dedicated her time to philanthropy. She is an asset to the community and closes her prayers with: May we be ever mindful of the needs of others. 
this young lady this week will be celebrating her 90th birthday? I commend Ms. Lanier for continued acts of selflessness, her devotion to the needy, and her continued hope for the greatness of this country. 
PASS LEGISLATION THAT PROHIBITS PEOPLE ON THE TERRORIST WATCH LIST FROM GETTING A WEAPON 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
since 9/11, 750,000 refugees have been resettled and welcomed into the United States of America. Not one of them has ever appeared on a terrorist watch list or been accused of terrorism. Yet, Republicans say that for homeland security, we should keep these refugees from Syria out of our country. 
States of America are on the terrorist watch list right now and they are not allowed to get on an airplane. But they are allowed to go into any gun store and buy any weapon that they would like, a weapon that looks like this, for example. This is a picture of a Smith & Wesson .223caliber assault rifle. This is the kind of weapon that the suspects fired in San Bernardino. Sixtyfive to 75 rifle rounds were sent, and people are dead. 
our country just this year. We need to pass legislation that prohibits people on the terrorist watch list from getting a weapon, and we should do it now. Prayers and thoughts are not enough. 
THE SAFETY AND SECURITY OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to address the very real and dangerous threat posed by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. 
on the sidelines, claiming ISIS was a junior varsity threat or that it had 
been contained. The unfortunate reality is that America and her allies are under attack by radical Islamic terrorists. Changing the subject or downplaying this threat gives aid and comfort to our enemy, which is bound and determined to strike innocent people around the world in their comfort zones. 
As we have seen in Paris or in San 
Bernardino, these terrorists are emboldened by the President’s failed foreign policy. Weakness invites aggression, and only through strength will we have peace. 
and strong leadership. We need our Commander in Chief to chart a course towards complete destruction of ISIS. Congress should quickly debate and authorize the resources necessary and military force to complete the mission. 
willing to work with the President, but Congress will always put the safety and security of the American people first. 
today in support of H.R. 158, a bill that would improve the Visa Waiver Program and ensure better information sharing among intelligence and law enforcement agencies. 
proposal introduced last week that would have effectively halted refugee resettlement. Refugees already undergo the most stringent screening process of any individual entering the United States, with an extensive series of background checks. 
Refugees are victims, not perpetrators of terrorism. Categorically refusing to take them only feeds the narrative of ISIS. 
screening of travelers who qualify for the Visa Waiver Program by increasing intelligence and law enforcement cooperation and by making it harder for extremists to falsify their identities and enter our borders. 
American values by scapegoating refugees, which only plays into ISIS’ hands, we should focus on addressing real vulnerabilities to our homeland security. 
SUPPORTING THE DENYING FIREARMS AND EXPLOSIVES TO DANGEROUS TERRORISTS ACT 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
gun violence just as my community of Isla Vista was. It is far past time for Congress to recognize that it has the power to act, and we must. 
1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act. This bipartisan bill would close the loophole that allows terror suspects on the FBI’s terror watch list to legally purchase a gun. In fact, in the last 11 years, more than 90 percent of all terror suspects who attempted to purchase a gun walked away with the weapon they wanted. 
It is wrong to think we can do nothing to stop the violence. It is factually wrong. It is morally wrong. This bill is an important step in keeping the American people safe. We should all support it. It is the least we can do. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, the horrific attack in San Bernardino shows us just how much damage can be done when terrorists have access to firearms; and while we discuss sensible policies that may have prevented this tragedy, I hope we can all agree—certainly, at the very least— that people our government suspects of having terrorist ties should not be allowed to walk into a store, pass a background check, and walk out with a gun. 
So many Americans have been understandably amazed to hear that people on the FBI’s terrorist watch list can legally purchase firearms and that it has happened over 2,000 times in the last 10 years. 
about the accuracy of the watch list or worry that this bill may somehow prevent some law enforcement officers from obtaining guns. We should ensure that the watch list is as accurate as possible, and we can even start that today. But if we are concerned for our law enforcement officers, the least we can do is protect them from the threat of terrorists who are armed with guns. 
is a step we can take to make our country safer. It is a commonsense reform that deserves a vote. 
(Mr. FARR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to talk about violence. Republicans may try, but you cannot separate our debate today on women’s health clinic violence from our country’s gun violence problem. 
their lives while seeking or providing health care at women’s health care facilities, and 10 of the 11 were victims of gun violence. Since January of this year, the House has voted 10 times to restrict women’s health services. That is one vote for every person who died from gun violence at a women’s health care clinic; yet there have been zero votes on gun control. 
reproductive care, and start a sane regulatory process on guns. 
said before and it needs to be said again: It is time to get serious about gun violence in America. 
gun violence. It happens in schools, at work, in our movie theaters, and even in our churches. Making matters worse, in the wake of recent attacks in Paris and here on our own soil, we still have an ageold loophole that allows terrorists to legally get their hands on guns. More than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list have purchased guns over the last decade. 
to protect our communities by keeping guns out of the wrong hands. There are many changes that need to be made, but let’s start by closing the gunbuying loophole for terrorists. We have a bipartisan solution in Representative PETER KING’s and Representative M IKE 
take a step in the right direction, and let’s make sure terrorists can’t slip through the cracks and purchase guns. Let’s pass Representative KING’s and 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 674, 
I was at an offcampus event and delayed in traffic. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
was not present for rollcall vote 674. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted: ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote No. 674. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
674, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3842) to improve homeland security, including domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to provide training to first responders, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Law 
Enforcement Training Centers Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 464) is amended to read as follows: 
maintain in the Department the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers (FLETC), headed by a Director, who shall report to the Secretary. 
FLETC’s training facilities, programs, and support activities while ensuring that organizational program goals and priorities are executed in an effective and efficient manner; 
tactical FLETC plans regarding training curricula, including curricula related to domestic preparedness and response to threats or acts of terrorism, and facilities; 
including requirements regarding agency obligations to contract only with responsible prospective contractors; and 
the heads of relevant components and offices on digital learning and training resources, as appropriate; 
relevant law enforcement and security agencies in the development and delivery of FLETC’s training programs. 
State and local law enforcement to provide such law enforcement with specific training, including maritime law enforcement training; and 
responsible for overseeing critical infrastructure protection, cybersecurity, and other related programs of the Department and with private sector stakeholders, including critical infrastructure owners and operators, to provide training pertinent to improving coordination, security, and resiliency of critical infrastructure. 
of improving the effectiveness and quality of training provided by the Department and, as appropriate, the development of critical departmental programs and initiatives. 
Partner organizations that wish to participate in FLETC training programs shall assign nonreimbursable detailed instructors to FLETC for designated time periods to support all training programs at FLETC, as appropriate. The Director shall determine the number of detailed instructors that is proportional to the number of training hours requested by each partner organization scheduled by FLETC for each fiscal year. If a partner organization is unable to provide a proportional number of detailed instructors, such partner organization shall reimburse FLETC for the salary equivalent for such detailed instructors, as appropriate. 
‘‘(ii) Salaries and travel expenses of instructors and support personnel involved in conducting advanced training at FLETC for partner organization personnel and the cost of expendable supplies and special equipment for such training, unless such supplies and equipment are common to FLETCconducted training and have been included in FLETC’s budget for the applicable fiscal year. 
and hours of basic training provided in excess of the training for which appropriations were made available shall be paid by the partner organizations and provided to FLETC on a reimbursable basis in accordance with section 4104 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(ii) Foreign law enforcement officials, including provision of such training at the International Law Enforcement Academies wherever established. 
‘‘(iii) Private sector security officers, participants in the Federal Flight Deck Officer 
program under section 44921 of title 49, United States Code, and other appropriate private sector individuals. 
requirement for reimbursement of any cost under this section and shall maintain records regarding the reasons for any requirements so waived. 
its training mission, the Director is authorized to provide the following support to students: 
other provision of law, the Director is authorized to appoint and maintain, as necessary, Federal annuitants who have expert 
knowledge and experience to meet the training responsibilities under this subsection. 
Federal annuitant employed pursuant to this paragraph shall not be subject to any reduction in pay for annuity allocable to the period of actual employment under the provisions of section 8344 or 8468 of title 5, United States Code, or similar provision of any other retirement system for employees. 
this paragraph may be made which would result in the displacement of any employee. 
order to further the goals and objectives of FLETC, the Director is authorized to— 
to enhance community support of law enforcement training, including the advertisement of available law enforcement training programs; 
and memorialize FLETC graduates who have died in the line of duty. 
the Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers. 
the meaning given such term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. 
in section 101 of title 5, United States Code; 
in section 9101 of title 31, United States Code; 
term ‘law enforcement personnel’ means an individual, including criminal investigators (commonly known as ‘agents’) and uniformed police (commonly known as ‘officers’), who has statutory authority to search, seize, make arrests, or to carry firearms. 
municipality, city, town, township, rural community, unincorporated town or village, local public authority, educational institution, special district, intrastate district, council of governments (regardless of whether the council of governments is incorporated as a nonprofit corporation under State law), regional or interstate government entity, any agency or instrumentality of a local government, or any other political subdivision of a State; and 
organization, or in Alaska a Native village or Alaska Regional Native Corporation. 
‘partner organization’ means any Federal agency participating in FLETC’s training programs under a formal memorandum of understanding. 
State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any possession of the United States. 
intern’ means any eligible baccalaureate or graduate degree student participating in FLETC’s College Intern Program. 
funds are authorized to carry out this section. This section shall be carried out using amounts otherwise appropriated or made available for such purpose.’’. 
rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and the gentlewoman from 
California (Mrs. T ORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
support of H.R. 3842, the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers Reform and Improvement Act of 2015. This important bipartisan legislation reforms and improves the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers, FLETC, in the Department of Homeland Security. 
providing basic and advanced training to Federal law enforcement personnel. 
law enforcement training organization for Federal, State, local, rural, tribal, territorial, and international law enforcement personnel with over 90 partner organizations. 
the Treasury Department, no legislation has been introduced to reauthorize FLETC within the Department of Homeland Security. 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 to improve domestic preparedness, prevention, and response to terrorism by establishing FLETC to provide consolidated and shared training to law enforcement agencies and partner organizations. 
Director of FLETC and improves training practices by codifying important authorities, including, but not limited to, listing functions and training responsibilities to be carried out by the Director, FLETC, and partner organizations. 
legislation supports FLETC’s mission of providing worldclass, expert training that can quickly adapt to emerging threats and training needs. 
TORRES , for her hard work and collaboration on this bill. I also appreciate Chairmen GOODLATTE and S HUSTER for 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting this legislation. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write concerning H.R. 3842, the ‘‘Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’. This legislation includes matters that I believe fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3842, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure agrees to forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill would not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. 
I request that you please place a copy of 
this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record. 
Enforcement Training Centers Reform and Improvement Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your cooperation in allowing the bill to move expeditiously under suspension of the House Rules on December 8, 2015. Because your assertion of jurisdictional interest was raised after the report for H.R. 3842 was filed, the Parliamentarians were not able render an official decision as to any jurisdictional claim the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee may have had. 
I agree that the absence of a decision on 
this bill will not prejudice any claim the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee may have had, or may have with respect to similar measures in the future. 
A copy of this letter will be entered into 
3842, the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers Reform and Improvement Act of 2015. 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide specific authorities for the Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers, or FLETC. I am proud to join Mr. CARTER in introducing this very important legislation. 
transitioned from the Treasury Department to the Department of Homeland Security in 2002, provides Federal and other law enforcement agencies with highquality, costeffective training. Training is carried out by a group of experienced instructors who use modern facilities and standardized course content at locations in Georgia, Maryland, New Mexico, and South Carolina. FLETC also has a unique relationship with the Maritime Law Enforcement Training Center at the Port of Los Angeles, where together they have developed comprehensive maritime security training for State and local agencies. Together, this partnership between FLETC and the Port of Los Angeles helps ensure our local law enforcement get the training they need to protect America’s critical ports and waterways, particularly important at a port that accounts for more than 40 percent of the goods that enter the United States. 
the Homeland Security Committee with bipartisan approval last month. 
that, during the committee’s November 4 markup of H.R. 3842, members unanimously adopted three Democratic amendments to the bill. 
FLETC’s responsibility to conduct acquisition activities in accordance with existing law and regulation, which include both a requirement that FLETC’s Director evaluate contractors’ integrity and business ethics in performance of previous contracts and vests FLETC’s Director with the responsibility of ensuring that a fair proportion of contracting dollars are awarded to small businesses. 
strategic partnerships between FLETC and local law enforcement agencies, including the existing partnership between FLETC and the Maritime Law Enforcement Training Center operated by the Port of Los Angeles. 
FLETC to work with the DHS National Protection and Programs Directorate to make training available to security professionals in the private sector, particularly those involved with protecting critical infrastructure. 
FLETC’s Director to detail employees to various components in the Department to assist in the development of critical Departmental programs and initiatives. 
grown in the last week. Last Wednesday a shooting just outside of my district, in an area I represented as a State senator, in California, San Bernardino County, affirmed that our local law enforcement are our first line of defense in the fight against terror. We must ensure that they have the most uptodate training as possible. 
kind of coordination is between all levels of enforcement. As a 911 dispatcher for nearly 20 years, I can’t tell you how important it is to ensure that our first responders have the tools and resources they need to keep us safe. 
meeting with local law enforcement, the FBI, Homeland Security, and other Federal officials to discuss emergency coordination and emerging threats to our communities. As a part of this discussion, our local police stressed the 
need for additional resources and better information sharing and training to combat these threats. 
San Bernardino law enforcement respond effectively to protect our community, but there is so much more we can do. If our Nation is to address the threat of future attacks, we must ensure that law enforcement personnel throughout the Nation not only have the tools they need to do so, but also the training, to effectively address the diverse terrorism landscape. 
would commend this bill to the House for consideration. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). 
Homeland Security bill. We have a number of these bills coming to the floor today. But it is hard to ignore the fact that there is a glaring weakness in what is being brought here to the floor when it comes to protecting the American people. 
individual who is on the FBI terrorist watch list could walk into any gun store and purchase the weapon of their choice. The American people understand this makes absolutely no sense. 
are on the terrorist watch list have gone in to purchase weapons and 91 percent of them have walked away with the weapon of their choice. Inexplicably, a piece of legislation authorized by Republican Congressman PETER KINGis ready for this House to 
home about this, they expect that this is already law. They almost have to have it pointed out to them that, no, this is actually not the case. A person on the terrorist watch list can go to a gun store and purchase a weapon. 
safety of the American people, it would seem that the commonsense thing to do would be to take up Representative KING’s legislation and close this dangerous loophole. 
important bills. I don’t deny that. Right now we have in our hands the ability to act to take guns out of the hands of people who are on the terrorist watch list. If you can’t be trusted to fly, you certainly shouldn’t be trusted to walk in and just get a weapon of your choice. 
bring up this important legislation, I as a Member of Congress can’t sit idly by. MOTION TO ADJOURN 
question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 0, nays 405, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 26, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) 
Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires 
Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bishop (MI) Bridenstine Capuano Comstock Davis, Rodney Donovan Fattah Franks (AZ) Harris 
Hartzler Hastings Johnson, Sam Kelly (IL) King (IA) Lewis Loudermilk Love Mooney (WV) 
No. 675, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers. If the gentlewoman from California has no more speakers, I am prepared to close. 
at its core. It was introduced by my colleague on the committee, Representative BUDDY CARTER , and me and 
would ensure that the authorities for the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers are updated and that the centers’ ability to train people who play critical roles in the Nation’s homeland security is enhanced. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ). 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 3, nays 399, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 29, as follows: 
Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) 
Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood 
LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore 
Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner 
Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
Costa Davis, Danny DiazBalart Donovan Edwards Franks (AZ) Graham 
Hunter Johnson, Sam Lewis Lummis Lynch Marchant Mooney (WV) Perlmutter Ribble Rush 
Schrader Scott, David Sires Smith (NJ) Takai Tipton Young (IN) Zinke 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3859) to make technical corrections to the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘HSA Technical Corrections Act’’. 
whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.). 
second section 226 and sections 227 and 228 and inserting the following new items: 
and the item relating to subtitle A of title IV and inserting the following new items: 
by striking ‘‘Directorate of Border and Transportation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Commissioner of United States Customs and Border Protection’’. 
Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘A Commissioner of United States Customs and Border Protection’’; 
of Central Intelligence’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of National Intelligence’’; and 
149) and 228 (6 U.S.C. 150) as sections 228 and 229, respectively. 
(6 U.S.C. 148) (relating to ‘‘National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center’’) as section 227. 
amended by striking ‘‘biological,,’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘biological,’’. 
‘‘Subtitle A—Border, Maritime, and Transportation Security Responsibilities and Functions’’. 
Service’’ and inserting ‘‘the United States Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
Border and Transportation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary’’; and 
striking ‘‘United States Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Customs and 
‘‘the United States Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Customs and Border Protection’’. 
striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Border Transportation and Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
UNDER SECRETARY FOR BORDER AND TRANSPOR TATION SECURITY ’’; and 
by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary’’. 
ESTABLISHMENT OF BUREAU OF BORDER SECU RITY’’ and inserting ‘‘ UNITED STATES IMMIGRA TION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT ’’; 
appears and inserting ‘‘United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement’’; 
and Immigration Services’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘United States Citizenship and Immigration Services’’; 
to be known as the ‘Bureau of Border Security’’’ and inserting ‘‘the Bureau of Border Security’’; 
later than 1 year after the date on which the transfer of functions specified under section 441 takes effect, the Director of United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall design and implement a managerial rotation program under which employees of United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement holding positions involving supervisory or managerial responsibility and classified, in accordance with chapter 51 of title 5, United States Code, as a GS–14 or above, shall— 
functions performed by United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
procedures applicable to employees of the Federal Bureau of Investigation,’’; and 
BUREAU OF ’’ and inserting ‘‘ UNITED STATES ’’; 
and Immigration Services’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘United States Citizenship and Immigration Services’’; 
Immigration Services’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘United States Citizenship and Immigration Services’’; 
the ‘Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services’’’ and inserting ‘‘the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services’’; and 
and Immigration Services’’’ and inserting ‘‘‘the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services’’’; 
later than 1 year after the effective date specified in section 455, the Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services shall design and implement a managerial rotation program under which employees of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services holding positions involving supervisory or managerial responsibility and classified, in accordance with chapter 51 of title 5, United States Code, as a GS–14 or above, shall— 
functions performed by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services; and 
one service center of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services.’’; and 
heading, by striking ‘‘BUREAU OF ’’ and inserting ‘‘U NITED STATES ’’. 
bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Citizenship and Immigration Services’’. 
procedures applicable to employees of the Federal Bureau of Investigation,’’. 
and Immigration Services’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Citizenship and Immigration Services’’; 
and Immigration Services’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘United States Citizenship and Immigration Services’’; and 
address the following with respect to the period covered by the report: 
related grievances filed with any official of the Department of Justice, and if those grievances were resolved. 
were used consistent with legal requirements regarding such use. 
amended by striking ‘‘Director of Central Intelligence’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Director of National Intelligence’’. 
(ii) by striking ‘‘such bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Citizenship and Immigration Services’’; and 
bureaus’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Citizenship and Immigration Services and United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement’’. 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall establish the Homeland Security Rotation Program (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Rotation Program’’) for employees of the Department. The Rotation Program shall use applicable best practices, including those from the Chief Human Capital Officers Council. 
replace) rotational programs within the Department in effect on the date of enactment of this section. 
the goals of the Rotation Program and promotes crossdisciplinary rotational opportunities; 
participate in the Rotation Program and select participants from employees who apply; 
participate in the Rotation Program, including promotions and employment preferences; 
within the Department in effect on the date of enactment of this section. 
by striking ‘‘Office of the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency’’. 
by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Grants and Training’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON  
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This important, commonsense legislation amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002, the HSA, by updating obsolete language and by striking outdated offices and reporting requirements. 
2001, Congress passed the HSA, the organizing document of the Department of Homeland Security, or DHS, to enhance the ability of the Federal Government to prevent future acts of domestic terrorism. 
marked one of the most dramatic reorganizations of the Federal Government in decades and introduced a number of new offices and reporting requirements. In the intervening years, agencies have changed; names, roles, and responsibilities have shifted; and a number of reporting requirements have expired. This legislation updates the 
HSA to ensure it more accurately reflects the mission of DHS, and thereby 
allows Congress to conduct more effective oversight of the Department. 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. 
I rise in support of H.R. 3859, the HSA 
Let me, first of all, thank the chairperson and ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee on H.R. 3859 and thank the ranking member, Mr. THOMPSON , and 
the chairman of the full committee. The American people are looking for homeland security. They are looking for us to be secure. 
me applaud the CarterTorres bill, which was just passed, giving further authority to train law enforcement all over America. As we can see, law enforcement is a part of our first responders on homeland security. 
bill. It updates and revises the Homeland Security Act of 2002 by, among other things, eliminating onetime reporting requirements, removing antiquated positions that no longer exist or have evolved, and striking provisions that were inserted in 2002 before the Department of Homeland Security was officially constituted in 2003. 
that during the Homeland Security Committee’s November 4 markup of H.R. 3859, members favorably and unanimously reported this bill. 
leadership on these issues as well as the collaboration we have on this committee. With this in mind, I commend this bill for House consideration. 
yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ). 
referred to H.R. 3859 as a unanimous bill that came out of Homeland Security. She spoke about how this measure is going to get rid of reporting requirements and antiquated elements regarding homeland security. 
Meanwhile, Members, we have a travesty on our hands, and we are doing nothing about it. We just witnessed the 353rd mass shooting of the year in this country. We are all concerned about homegrown terrorists. We had a homegrown terrorist who annihilated 14 people and injured many more just last week. 
that allows persons who are on the no fly list to purchase guns in this country. If we believe that they should not 
have the right to own a gun? People like Faisal Shahzad was already on the nofly list when he attempted to bomb Times Square on May 1, 2010. If he had decided to walk into a gun store that day and purchase a gun, he would have been able to do so. This makes no sense. 
It is time for us to engage in common 
sense. It is time for the Homeland Security Committee to come together in a unanimous fashion and pass H.R. 1076. There is a discharge petition on the floor. This bill should come before the full House. Vote however you want to, but give each and every Member of this House the opportunity to be recorded on whether or not one wants people who are on suspected terrorist lists to be able to buy a gun. 
For those who may be on that list for 
purposes that are wrong or in error, so they have to wait 3 days before they get the gun. Better to have safety in this country for all Americans, better to have persons who do not belong in a position of owning a gun, but belong on the list not to fly, to not be able to buy a gun. 
question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ). 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 4, nays 394, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 33, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson 
Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce 
Pelosi Perry Peters Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amodei Bass Bishop (MI) Cicilline Clay Collins (NY) Costa Davis, Danny Deutch Dingell Donovan 
Hartzler Huffman Jeffries Johnson, Sam Lewis Lummis Mooney (WV) 
Murphy (PA) Perlmutter Pittenger Rush Russell Schrader Scott, David Takai Titus Young (AK) 
Messrs. MEEHAN, POMPEO, ELLISON, and BABIN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
December 8, 2015, I was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: on rollcall No. 675, ‘‘nay,’’ on rollcall No. 677, ‘‘nay.’’ 
like to say thank you to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) 
and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ), my good 
friend, for the fine work they did on this bipartisan, noncontroversial bill that is common sense and does the right thing. But, unfortunately, it has been hijacked, Mr. Speaker. 
They set it aside. They said: Well, we have got this discharge petition. We want to get this bill on the floor. 
names to get the bill on the floor. Furthermore, I contend they don’t even want to vote for it. They don’t want to vote on it. They just want to talk about this. These are the folks who tell everybody that they are here to protect your rights. 
want the people on the nofly list to have their right to firearms taken away from them, understanding—hopefully, they understand—they have no idea what it takes to get on the nofly list. These people on the nofly list have no idea half the time that they are on it. 
Furthermore, the nofly list is maintained by bureaucrats, the same administration that persecutes its citizens and has them audited by the IRS 
for their beliefs and what they say at a 
minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). 
to congratulate the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ), my friend, 
and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), my friend, for having a 
bill that would actually clean up some problems within Homeland Security. 
But, as I listen to the debate, including the last gentlewoman who moved for adjournment, I wonder if people who speak on this floor, Mr. Speaker, sometimes listen to themselves. As the gentlewoman pointed out—we could have the words read back, but she actually said that the Times Square bomber, the guy that was trying to blow up people with a bomb in Times Square, could have gone in and bought a gun. Obviously, he wasn’t using a gun. 
across the aisle have proposed more stringent background checks and more extensive gun control laws, that not one of the proposals of this administration would have stopped the killings in Colorado, in Oregon at the community college, or at San Bernardino. This body ought to be about doing things that make a difference, not doing things for show. 
have a process that is conducted behind closed doors, a process that was not formulated and voted on by the elected Members of Congress, that puts people on a nofly list, my friends who support that idea are telling people around the country, including the 200,000 people buying guns in the last month, that we want an arbitrary process by a President, who a Muslim Brotherhood publication in Egypt says is advised by six of their top Muslim brothers, to formulate a list—it is not my words. That is the Egyptian publication back in December of 2012. They want that President formulating behind closed doors a list of Americans who can never buy a gun. This is the same administration that has gone after conservative organizations with the IRS. 
you try to clean out the homes of honest, lawabiding Americans, including a general who is a constituent who keeps ending up on the nofly list, why don’t you get rid of the 72 Department of Homeland Security employees who were on the nofly list before you try to take guns away from lawabiding Americans. 
Mr. PERRY. No. I need to keep moving. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Let me just say this: I am not sure if 
the gentleman from Texas, a dear friend, was asking us to get rid of the 
narrow. We are just asking that terrorists not be able to walk into a gun shop and buy a gun. This is a loophole that is most glaring. Eighty percent of the American people believe that this is impossible; it must not be true. We are trying to prevent suspected terrorists from walking into a gun store and buying a deadly weapon. 
The investigation, tragically, in California is not yet finished, so we don’t have the final answer as to what would have prevented that. But it is astonishing that the loophole has allowed more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI terrorist watch list to buy guns in the U.S. over the past 11 years. 
happy that we had come to the floor to deal with Homeland Security bills. The American people want the homeland safe and secure. They don’t want demagoguery. They want safety and security. 
getting guns makes America no more safer and secure than apple pie. This is a time when more than 90 percent of all suspected terrorists who tried to buy guns in America walked away and bought them. They got the weapon they wanted. This is not criminals, gangs, or others. We are dealing with those individuals who are terrorists. They have the right to get a gun. 
Speaker? Can we add to the safety and security of the American people? As we pass this bill, H.R. 3859, which I applaud its correcting technicalities, can we join together and can we pass closing the gun loophole that allows terrorists to go and buy a gun to terrorize innocent Americans? I think we can do better. 
minutes to the distinguished gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN). 
We have talked a lot in the last couple of weeks about the visa waiver program, visas in general, and Syrian refugees. Let me remind this body and the American people that 49 percent of all illegals in this country didn’t cross our southern border; they came here with a permission slip in their hand, known as a visa. And they chose to overstay that visa. Now they are categorized as visa overstays. These overstays are people that we trusted by giving them a permission slip to come into our great country. 
brought up as we talk about this issue: secure the border, enforce the laws. That is how you keep America safe. 
is at stake here. Americans are concerned. I won’t say Americans are afraid, but they are concerned. They 
expect us to do our job to secure this great Nation. They expect us to look into the visa waiver program. They expect us to look into the refugees and the vetting process. They expect us to keep them safe. 
border and enforcing the laws. We are not chasing footprints in the desert with regard to the visa overstays. We know who these people are. They have had an interview at a consulate or embassy. We probably have a thumbprint, a picture, a name. We probably have an address of where they are going. 
Americans expect us to keep them safe, and that is by reviewing the visa waiver program, that is considering the vetting process, and that is enforcing the law. Let’s secure our Nation. 
the American people are looking to us to secure the homeland. 
that we have on the floor, H.R. 3859 is a technical corrections bill. This is a bill that should be passed. Americans expect clarity from this body. Clarity from this body means that at the same time as we pass H.R. 3859, we should also be concerned about making sure that we close gun show loopholes so as to avoid having terrorists buy guns. 
and direct way to handle this question of securing the Nation. Do the obvious to secure the Nation: stop terrorists from getting guns. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
colleagues to support H.R. 3859, which is really the issue at hand. 
being discussed here, this is an issue of failure of foreign policy: an open border and a visa waiver program that allows terrorists to come into our Nation unfettered. Other than the issue at hand, that is the issue that we are really talking about. 
support H.R. 3859, the HSA Technical Corrections Act. Again, it is important, commonsense legislation. It amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 by updating obsolete language and striking outdated offices and reporting requirements. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York). The question is on 
the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) that 
the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3859, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ). 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 7, nays 398, answered ‘‘present’’ 4, not voting 24, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy 
Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) 
Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Grijalva Johnson, Sam Larsen (WA) Lewis Lummis Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Perlmutter 
as above recorded. VISA WAIVER PROGRAM IMPROVEMENT AND TERRORIST TRAVEL PREVENTION ACT OF 2015 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 158) to clarify the grounds for ineligibility for travel to the United 
States regarding terrorism risk, to expand the criteria by which a country may be removed from the Visa Waiver Program, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report on strengthening the Electronic System for Travel Authorization to better secure the international borders of the United States and prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Visa Waiver 
Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015’’. 
at the time of application for admission, is in possession of a valid unexpired passport that satisfies the following: 
machinereadable passport that is tamperresistant, incorporates document authentication identifiers, and otherwise satisfies the internationally accepted standard for machine readability. 
2016, the passport is an electronic passport that is fraudresistant, contains relevant biographic and biometric information (as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security), and otherwise satisfies internationally accepted standards for electronic passports.’’. 
national of a program country, the alien is not a national of— 
‘‘(ii) in order to carry out official duties as 
a full time employee of the government of a program country. 
country or area increases the likelihood that the alien is a credible threat to the national security of the United States; 
‘‘(II) whether a foreign terrorist organization has a significant presence in the country or area; and 
‘‘(III) whether the country or area is a safe 
one year after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
270 days after the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, except in the case of a country in which there is not an international airport, the government of the country certifies to the Secretary of Homeland Security that, to the maximum extent allowed under the laws of the country, it is screening, for unlawful activity, each person who is not a citizen or national of that country who is admitted to or departs that country, by using relevant databases and notices maintained by Interpol, or other means designated by the Secretary of Homeland Security. This requirement shall not apply to travel between countries which fall within the Schengen Zone.’’. 
International Relations’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Homeland Security’’; and 
Foreign Relations’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs’’; and 
Foreign Affairs,’’ the following: ‘‘the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence,’’; 
Foreign Relations,’’ the following: ‘‘the Select Committee on Intelligence’’; and 
‘‘(ii) The number of nationals of the country who were identified in United States Government databases related to the identities of known or suspected terrorists during the previous year. 
the country who have traveled to Iraq or Syria at any time on or after March 1, 2011 to engage in terrorism. 
‘‘(iv) The capacity of the country to combat passport fraud. 
‘‘(vi) The adequacy of the border and immigration control of the country. 
after ‘‘any such determination’’ the following: ‘‘or shorten the period of eligibility under any such determination’’; 
Homeland Security shall research opportunities to incorporate into the System technology that will detect and prevent fraud and deception in the System. 
Security shall collect from an applicant for admission pursuant to this section information on any additional or previous countries of citizenship of that applicant. The Secretary shall take any information so collected into account when making determinations as to the eligibility of the alien for admission pursuant to this section. 
date of the enactment of this subparagraph and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the number of individuals who were denied eligibility to travel under the program, or whose eligibility for such travel was revoked during the previous year, and the number of such individuals determined, in 
consultation with the Secretary of State, shall provide assistance in a riskbased manner to countries that do not participate in the visa waiver program under section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187) to assist those countries in— 
about the theft or loss of passports of citizens or nationals of such a country; and 
entry of such a country, electronic passports that are fraudresistant, contain relevant biographic and biometric information (as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security), and otherwise satisfy internationally accepted standards for electronic passports. 
It is the sense of Congress that the International Civil Aviation Organization, the specialized agency of the United Nations responsible for establishing international standards, specifications, and best practices related to the administration and governance of border controls and inspection formalities, should establish standards for the introduction of electronic passports (referred to in this section as ‘‘epassports’’), and obligate member countries to utilize such epassports as soon as possible. Such epassports should be a combined paper and electronic 
passport that contains biographic and biometric information that can be used to authenticate the identity of travelers through an embedded chip. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L OFGREN ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 158 currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that debate on this motion be extended by 10 minutes on each side. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015. 
The Visa Waiver Program allows nationals of 38 countries to travel to the United States for a maximum of 90 days for business or tourism purposes without obtaining a visa. The travelers must present a valid machinereadable passport and meet certain other immigration and security requirements. 
country, a nation must offer reciprocal visafree travel to U.S. citizens, agree to share securityrelated information such as whether citizens of that country traveling to the U.S. represent a threat to U.S. security or welfare, agree to timely report lost and stolen passports, and have less than a 3 percent visa refusal rate in the year prior to designation years, among other requirements. 
way to promote and facilitate travel and tourism to the United States. It has done just that, with hundreds of millions of foreign nationals traveling to the U.S. since the program’s implementation. So the positive effects of the VWP on the U.S. economy should not be understated. 
Yet no amount of economic stimulation is worth risking the lives of our constituents, and recent events around the world necessitate changes to the VWP in order to help ensure its safety. Of particular concern is the rise of ISIS in the Middle East and the large number of Europeans and other nationalities who have gone to Syria, Iraq, and other countries of concern in order to train and fight alongside ISIS and the radical Islamist terrorists. 
shores with relative ease. In VWP cases, there is no inperson interview with a U.S. consular officer, and there is no pretravel enhanced screening. So we must help make sure that the VWP is as secure as possible. 
this direction with provisions preventing dual nationals of, or those who have recently traveled to, Iraq, Syria, or other countries of concern, from visafree travel to the U.S. Among other security enhancements, the bill requires VWP countries to issue e Passports to their nationals and continuously share terrorism and foreign traveler data with us. 
The VWP is only one part of the national discussion that we should be having. There are Islamist terrorists looking at all aspects of our immigration policy to find any way possible to exploit it. We learned that lesson on 9/ 11, and we learned that lesson last week in San Bernardino. 
Mr. Speaker, I hope this body continues to address deficiencies in U.S. immigration policy by taking up and passing additional House Judiciary Committee bills, including those reported out of the Judiciary Committee to reform the U.S. asylum process, to change the way unaccompanied alien minors are treated when they cross the U.S. border so that there is no longer an incentive to run across the border, and to finally prevent the interior immigration enforcement switch from being turned off at the whim of whoever resides at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER ) 
and the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, as well as their staff members, for their work on the bill. 
Much more needs to be done to prevent exploitation of U.S. immigration policy by terrorists, but H.R. 158 is another good step in helping to ensure the safety of Americans, and I support it. 
was established long before 9/11. In order for a country to be admitted to the Visa Waiver Program, fewer than 3 percent of its applicants for a visitor visa can be denied. Often, the denial of a visitor’s visa has nothing to do with security. Rather, it is frequently based on a judgment of whether the applicant is likely to return to his home country. 
It is fair to say that persons who are 
poor are often judged to be less likely to return to their home country than a more affluent applicant with extensive financial ties to his or her home. That is the reason why there are no impoverished countries in the Visa Waiver Program. Most of Europe, Japan, Singapore, 
Australia, South Korea, and the like are in the program—38 countries in all. The 38 countries agree to share security information with the United States. 
The Visa Waiver Program also is reciprocal, allowing Americans to travel to these 38 countries without getting a visitor’s visa. For these 38 countries, visitors fill out a form in advance that is then checked against databases. An ePassport is required for travel, but no visa. However, at the point of entry, an intending visitor from a visa waiver country can be turned away if he is not found admissible under immigration law. For example, a visa waiver visitor who reveals he intends to study in the United States or to marry and remain in the U.S. will be denied entry at the airport by a Customs and Border Protection officer. 
Mr. Speaker, people who do not reside in these 38 countries can still visit the United States, but they have to obtain a visitor’s visa to do so, and this is exactly the same for those who are ineligible for the Visa Waiver Program under this bill. 
millions of tourists and business travelers to come to the U.S. every year for short trips that altogether bring over $190 billion a year in business and tax revenue. This program is important to our economy and the country. 
the wake of the November 13 terrorist attacks, we must review this program to make sure it meets our presentday security needs since it was designed prior to 9/11. This bipartisan bill incorporates simple changes to enhance security in the Visa Waiver Program. 
The most important parts of the legislation provide for specific, concrete changes to ensure better information sharing among intelligence and law enforcement agencies. 
against INTERPOL databases. It makes it harder to falsify identity by requiring fraudresistant ePassports that contain biometric information. It compels U.S. security agencies to conduct more frequent threat assessments of visa waiver countries, something not currently part of the law. 
nationals of certain highthreat countries, a visa interview, rather than visafree travel, will be required. These individuals are not barred from traveling to the United States. 
citizens have traveled to Syria. Some are there on humanitarian missions, like Doctors Without Borders, and we thank them. Some went to fight with ISIS. The visa interview, conducted by a U.S. consular official, will establish the circumstances of the visit. If you are a German citizen who visited Syria last year, you will have the same visa process that every Israeli, every Pole, every Ethiopian, and every Mexican 
has. None of us has said it is unreasonable that people in Thailand, India, or Brazil undergo interviews for visitor visas. And this change in the Visa Waiver Program is not unreasonable either. 
stark contrast to the Republicanled refugee bill that was rushed to the floor 3 weeks ago. That ineffective and meanspirited bill would shut down the U.S. refugee program for Syrians and Iraqis fleeing civil war and the brutality of ISIS. And it does so notwithstanding the fact that refugees are subject to 18 to 24 months of thorough screening before ever setting foot on U.S. soil, a more rigorous process than any other immigrant or traveler to the United States is subject to. 
The refugee bill does absolutely nothing to make us safer, and it is a betrayal of our values. It would have us turn our back on refugee women and children and on our proud history as a country that provides safe haven to the world’s most vulnerable. I will continue to do everything in my power to see that it never becomes law. 
country and this body at its worst, today’s bill makes sensible improvements to the security of the Visa Waiver Program. I thank my colleagues for working with me and the Department of Homeland Security, the State Department, and the White House to craft this targeted legislation. I strongly urge its support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER ), the chief 
sponsor of this legislation, who is also the chairman of the House Administration Committee. 
said that ‘‘For terrorists, travel documents are as important as weapons.’’ And I couldn’t agree more. We simply cannot give people from other countries special access to our country if we don’t have all of the information that we absolutely need to ensure that they are not a threat to our national security. 
considering today is the first of many, quite frankly, aimed at improving our security protocols. We need to have a comprehensive, complete review of all of our visa programs, including K1 visas, the socalled ‘‘fiance visa,’’ which was used by the female terrorist in the San Bernardino attack to enter the United States. As well, the issue of visa overstays also needs to be addressed. 
important step forward by considering this bill, which is focused on those traveling to the U.S. without a visa. 
As was said, the Visa Waiver Program actually was established back in 
trade as well, and it has worked very, very well economically for our country. Today there are 38 companies that participate; and their citizens, although they are required to have a passport, are not required to go to a U.S. Embassy or to a consulate to obtain a visa. 
Obviously, the world is a much different place today, and our security measures must evolve to meet any and all threats, which is why I introduced this bill. 
order. As chairman of the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, I have held two hearings on this. It actually passed out of the full Homeland Security Committee as well on a unanimous vote, every Republican, every Democrat. Because before we are anything else, we are all Americans first, and we all recognize the vulnerabilities of our current program. 
our European allies, is vital, absolutely vital to help combat the threat of foreign fighters bound for the United States. There is absolutely no second for having good information. We need to be certain that participating countries are giving us all of the information that we need from either their own terror watch list or travel manifests, and that all of the information protocols are being shared. 
until after the fact that some of the participating countries actually provide us the names of individuals who they knew were a terror threat. That is unacceptable. 
what this bill does is it gives the authority to the Secretary of Homeland Security to either suspend or terminate a country’s participation in this program if we don’t feel confident that we are getting all the critical information that we need to stop terrorists from exploiting this program to travel into the U.S. 
So, at this time, we still have an information sharing problem with some of our closest allies. And as the 9/11 Commission also accurately noted, we need to move from the mindset of the needtoknow information to the need toshare information. 
and this bill gives America the leverage that it needs to make sure that the information critical to our homeland security is being shared appropriately. 
has traveled to Syria, Iraq, Sudan, and Iran within the past 5 years from participating in this program. In an abundance of caution, we will now require those individuals to apply for a visa and go through the formal visa screening process. 
Homeland Security the discretion to designate other countries that have significant terror concerns, or become terror safe havens in the future. Additionally, we will be requiring all 
participating countries to adopt e Passports, like we have here in the United States, so that we are able to eliminate passport fraud. 
a free and open society, and enemies of freedom are looking to use our freedoms against us. This bill will stop the enemies’ ability to move internationally by strengthening the Visa Waiver Program. It is a critical component of keeping our homeland safe. 
for ensuring prompt consideration of this bill on the floor. I certainly want to thank Chairman MCCAULand Chairman G OODLATTE for working as well. 
And I also want to give a special thanks as well to Representative KATKO from New York, who is the 
chairman of the Foreign Fighter Task Force, which really helped make this bill a much stronger product. 
It is my hope that a very strong, bipartisan vote on this bill today will send a message to terrorists that America is prepared to take any and all measures to protect our homeland. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ), the ranking member of the full 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, Members of the House, as much as any Member in this body, I appreciate the unique situation our Nation is in as we struggle to effectively combat terrorism, while adhering to our Nation’s commitment to freedom and liberty. 
the bill before us today represents an effort to craft a more bipartisan response to recent terrorist incidents, particularly when compared to the seriously flawed refugee bill that this body voted on only several weeks ago. 
many commonsense improvements to the Visa Waiver Program that will improve the system in a neutral and nondiscriminatory manner. However, I believe that provisions in the legislation restricting the use of the Visa Waiver Program to individuals who have traveled to Syria or Iraq or are dual nationals of these or other covered nations are discriminatory. I understand that these individuals are not banned from traveling to our Nation and are simply subject to increased questioning and scrutiny before they can travel here. 
arbitrary acrosstheboard judgments based on broad characteristics such as these do nothing to enhance our security and only cast a cloud of suspicion over entire communities here in our country. 
Equally problematic is the provision’s overbreadth. It contains no exceptions for journalists, researchers, human rights investigators, or other professionals. This will make it harder, not easier, to document and respond to human rights violations and other abuses. I also believe the provision 
should have included a sunset date so that we can assess its efficacy. I am further concerned that the new requirement will result in our partner nations placing new limits on travel by United States citizens to their own countries. 
numerous civil rights and civil liberties groups have expressed serious concerns or outright opposition to the overall legislation, including the American Civil Liberties Union, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the NAACP, the AmericanArab AntiDiscrimination Committee, the American Immigration Lawyers Association, the Council on AmericanIslamic Relations, the Arab American Civil Rights League, Human Rights Watch, and the League of United Latin American Citizens, among others. 
Civil Rights League (‘‘ACRL’’) writes with grave concern regarding H.R. 158, the Visa Waiver Improvement and Terrorism Travel Prevention Act of 2015 (‘‘HR 158’’). HR 158 would amend the Visa Waiver Program by mandating that individuals who have traveled to Syria or Iraq in the past five years be barred from participation in the Visa Waiver Program. The ACRL strongly opposes such legislation on the grounds that it is both discriminatory and ineffective—an illconceived legislative backlash to recent tragedies. 
have visited the countries of Iraq and Syria in the past five years will only harm those who have legitimate reasons to visit the United States, and will not effectively deter or prevent terrorists and criminals from seeking to enter this country and do us harm. Simply put, nefarious individuals seeking to enter the United States to commit illegal acts of terror, will not be dissuaded by federal law. It is nothing less than absurd to think that an individual trying to enter the United States to commit acts of terror will abide by our laws. 
On the other hand, HR 158 will ban individuals who have visited Syria and Iraq for legitimate reasons in the last five years, for no other reason than their physical presence in said countries. Consider the types of individuals that would be banned: journalists, members of the clergy, family visitors, and myriad others. HR 158 targets and punishes entire swathes of people who have done nothing wrong, while failing to effectively target those who seek to harm this country. In all essence, HR 158 presumes that there are no reasons for people to visit Syria and Iraq, and that anyone who has been to those two countries should be suspected of terrorism. 
Far from enhancing our safety and security, HR 158 will only further isolate and alienate people of Arab, Middle Eastern, and South Asian descent. In this sense, HR 158 is a victory for the terrorists, whose true goal is to disrupt our society through acts of shocking violence and barbarism. Far from playing into their hands, we should reaffirm our national commitment to liberty, and continue to embrace pluralism. At our core, we remain a nation of many cultures, 
when we defend our core values and refuse to act in fear. Federal policy must be carefully drafted and deliberated given its wideranging scope and effect. As we have seen in the past with other pieces of national security legislation, such legislative acts can lead to slippery slopes. We at the ACRL urge you to oppose HR 158, and specifically its mandatory exclusion provisions, because they are ineffective, illconceived, and unAmerican. 
WASHINGTON , DC.—The American Immigration Lawyers Association (AILA) expressed concerns regarding the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Prevention Act, H.R. 158, and recommended Congress vote ‘‘NO’’ on the bill unless modifications and clarifications are made. 
absolutely essential, and AILA understands and supports efforts to strengthen the Visa Waiver Program, but Congress must consider any legislative proposal carefully, and this bill is getting rushed to the House floor without ever being reviewed in Committee. In fact, the bill was not even made public until just a day or two ago,’’ said AILA President Victor Nieblas Pradis. 
would broadly target descendants of Syrian or Iraqi nationals, or those from other countries alleged to be supporting terrorism, who may have little or no connection to those countries except by parentage,’’ Mr. Nieblas continued, referring to the bill’s blanket termination of participation in the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) for anyone who is a ‘‘national’’ of Iraq or Syria, or other designated countries. ‘‘As written, the bill could result in discrimination that will exclude people without consideration of legitimate risk factors. For instance, a child who has never been to Syria, but was born in France to Syrian parents, would be ineligible for the VWP.’’ 
anyone who travelled to countries alleged to be supporting terrorism within the past five years, without sufficient authority to waive revocation for those who clearly pose no threat. ‘‘This per se ban will hurt humanitarian workers and journalists who are traveling to Iraq and Syria or other designated countries to do lifesaving work or to report on international events. The bill’s waiver will not help any of these people who have visited for legitimate, even compelling reasons,’’ Mr. Nieblas noted, referring to a provision that allows the Secretary of Homeland Security to waive the exclusion if the waiver is in the interest of law enforcement or national security, but makes no mention of humanitarian or other grounds. 
that target people based on nationality, race, ethnic origin or religion are not effective at combatting terrorism. After 9/11, our government forced thousands of people from MiddleEastern countries, and countries with predominantly Arab and Muslim populations, to undergo special processes to register themselves with the federal immigration authorities,’’ Mr. Nieblas said, referring to the 2002 specialregistration program under National Security EntryExit Registration System (NSEERS). The U.S. government described specialregistration as an ‘‘inconvenience’’ in the same way some are now justifying H.R. 158’s exclusion from VWP. He continued, ‘‘Not a single known terrorismrelated conviction ever came out 
of NSEERS. NSEERS is a stain on our nation’s history that we should never repeat.’’ 
H.R. 158 would also establish additional reporting requirements to Congress regarding use of the program, additional eligibility requirements for VWP countries, and enhancements to the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA). The agencies involved in the VWP have sought to continually improve and adapt the program as circumstances change. As Congress aims to enhance the program, it is essential that any changes are both workable and effective. 
freedom and liberty is what keeps us strong. AILA urges Congress to show leadership by ensuring any legislation it passes is consistent with our values as a nation, and is crafted in a way that is workable, sensible, and based on good policy, not political expediency,’’ Mr. Nieblas concluded. 
Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, a coalition of more than 200 national civil and human rights advocacy organizations, we urge you to oppose H.R. 158, the Visa Waiver Program Improvement Act of 2015. Section 3 of H.R. 158 would open the door to the use of profiling on the basis of national origin, while doing little, if anything, to promote national security. 
While H.R. 158 calls for a number of bipartisan improvements to the visa waiver program (VWP), Section 3 would make two significant and unhelpful changes. First, it would bar travelers from utilizing the process if they are dual nationals of a VWP country and also of Iraq, Syria, or other countries that are named as state sponsors of terrorism. Its overlybroad language would apply to nationals of those countries even if they have never set foot there, and are only dual citizens because of the nationality of their parents. 
VWP if they have traveled to Iraq, Syria, or other designated countries, even if they did so to provide medical or humanitarian assistance or many other legitimate purposes. The effect of this on national security is negligible at best, because it would only affect people who entered those countries through legitimate channels and accurately reported their travels—not those who snuck in through the poorlysecured borders in those countries to work with terrorist groups. In other words, it would simply penalize travelers for being honest. 
people who have visited those countries, could still apply at a U.S. consulate for a nonimmigrant visa, they would be subjected to a process that raises concerns about ethnic and national origin profiling and other arbitrary practices. Under current procedures, consular decisions are not reviewable, which raises the likelihood that lowrisk individuals would be barred from traveling to the United States altogether, while highrisk individuals would simply find other ways of doing harm. 
3 that add due process protections for affected travelers. Because the bill is coming up on the suspension calendar, however, no such amendments will be allowed. We recognize that Congress is highly motivated to enact greater national security protections in the wake of the Paris and San Bernadino terrorist attacks, but we hope that you will reject this bill in its current form and demand that it be improved. 
have any questions, please contact either of us or Rob Randhava, Senior Counsel. 
Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015’’ (H.R. 158) 
American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), we urge you to amend the ‘‘Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015’’ (H.R. 158). 
NATIONALS OF IRAQ , SYRIA , IRAN, OR SUDAN  
(‘‘VWP’’) COUNTRIES —BASED ON THEIR NA TIONALITY AND PARENTAGE . 
that permits nationals of certain countries to enter the U.S. as visitors (tourists or business) without a visa, for up to 90 days. H.R. 158 terminates travel privileges for all citizens of VWP countries who are dual nationals of Iraq, Syria, Iran, or Sudan. This revocation of VWP privileges would apply to all nationals of Iraq, Syria, Iran, or Sudan even if they have never resided in or traveled to Iraq or Syria. By singling out these four nationalities to the exclusion of other dual nationals in VWP countries, H.R. 158 amounts to blanket discrimination based on nationality and national origin without a rational basis. 
differential treatment of VWP citizens who are nationals of Iraq, Syria, Iran, or Sudan. There is no evidence to support assertion that citizens of VWP countries, who are dual nationals of these four are more likely to engage in terrorist acts against the U.S. 
arbitrary. Unlike the U.S. which grants citizenship to all children born on U.S. soil, birth within Syria does not automatically confer citizenship. Rather Syrian citizenship is conferred by naturalization or descent. With respect to descent, Syrian citizenship is conferred to children ‘‘born of a Syrian father, regardless of the child’s country of birth’’ or children ‘‘born of a Syrian mother and an unknown or stateless father.’’ The proposal would yield the untenable result of folding such genderbased distinctions into U.S. law. 
the following types of travelers would automatically lose their VWP privileges, even if they have never been to Iraq or Syria: 
Dualnational French citizen (born to Syrian father) traveling to U.S. for business conferences and meetings; 
Dualnational German citizen (born to Syrian father) traveling to U.S. with vacation tour group; 
Syrian father) traveling to the U.S. to take care of grandchild. 
groups without reason solely based on their nationality, national origin, religion, gender, or other protected grounds. 
II. H.R. 158 WOULD END VWP PRIVILEGES FOR ALL  
RECENT TRAVELERS TO IRAQ OR SYRIA , INCLUDING THOSE WHO TRAVELED THERE FOR  
H.R. 158 would terminate VWP travel privileges for all who have been present in Iraq or Syria at any time on or after March 1, 2011. This broad travel restriction contains a very 
narrow exception for certain military personnel and government officials. All other travelers would automatically lose their VWP privileges. Affected travelers would include journalists, scholars, refugee caseworkers, humanitarian aid workers, human rights investigators, and many others. 
Under H.R. 158, the following types of travelers would automatically lose their VWP privileges based on their travel to Syria or Iraq since March 2011: 
the Londonbased Daily Telegraph who traveled to Syria to cover the civil war; 
investigator to document abuses committed by ISIL against Syrians. 
Syria or Iraq for professional purposes and are producing reports and providing services that the U.S., indeed the whole world, depends upon, now more than ever. They should not lose their VWP travel privileges for their work in Syria or Iraq. 
Congress authorized the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to designate certain countries as VWP countries. Congress has never codified any nationalitybased prohibitions for VWP program designation. If the House passes this bill, it will be enshrining into statute that VWP citizens, who happen to be Iraqi or Syrian nationals, are categorically ineligible for VWP travel privileges even if they have never been to Iraq or Syria. 
In view of this extraordinary discriminatory measure, Congress should limit the duration of this VWP restriction and place a twoyear sunset on this travel restriction. A sunset provision would require Congress to reassess in two years whether nationals of Iraq and Syria warrant such selective targeting for VWP travel restriction purposes. 
ACLU Legislative Counsel Joanne Lin or Policy Counsel Chris Rickerd. 
AmericanArab AntiDiscrimination Committee (ADC), I write to strongly urge you to 
Vote No on the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act, H.R. 158. We have serious concerns on the application and enforcement of this bill if it were to become law, specifically Section 3 which 1) imposes a mandatory and categorically bar to the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) on any individual who is a dual citizen of Syria, Iraq, Sudan, and Iran; and 2) prohibits any person whom has traveled to Syria, Iraq, Iran, and Sudan since March 1, 2011. 
We understand that the U.S. House of Representatives may push forward H.R. 158 through the omnibus appropriations bill, and strongly request you to Vote No to H.R. 158 and/or its inclusion in an omnibus bill because H.R. 158 is: 1) ineffective to actually secure safety; and 2) intentionally discriminates and profiles persons based on their national origin. 
Iraq and Syria would not be an effective security measure as it relies on selfreporting accurate tracking of who visits those countries that could be circumvented by someone intending to do harm—the persons who are intent on engaging in terror activities are not getting their passports stamped, they are sneaking into Syria and Iraq. The provision is more likely to screen out health and aid workers, clergymen, journalists, teachers, military personnel, translators, family visitors and others who are helping protect Americans or have legitimate or completely innocent reasons to visit Syria or Iraq—essentially penalizing them for their honesty and performing humanitarian work. 
It is not black and white, nor simple to 
suggest that H.R. 158 just requires individuals to get a visa. H.R. 158 is not just a visa requirement, H.R. 158 is discriminatory. Section 3 imposes a mandatory bar to all persons whom are dual citizens of Syria, Iraq, Sudan, and Iran is blatant profiling on its face. Only nationals of particular countries regardless of whether they have traveled to a terrorist support country or not, have to meet additional requirements they would not otherwise have to go through if they were not Arab. It is premised on the unreliable assumption that Arabs are more prone to terrorism and to commit terrorist acts, and further perpetuates stereotypes that Arabs are terrorists. There is no separate assessment and/or security review is done that determines that specific person on a case by case basis is a security threat, nonrelated to their identity, place of birth, or country of national origin. 
The fact is that terrorism is not limited to 
one particular race, country of national origin, or religion, nor bound by country borders. However, this bill paints Arabs as the enemy, and makes VWP Arab nationals second class citizens in their own country—they are not afforded the same benefits as their fellow nationals. Many VWP nationals will be arbitrarily denied entry by Customs and Border Patrol with little to no notice of change in VWP requirements and no review if that person actually presents a threat to national security. Currently, Arabs face enormous scrutiny and security checks to enter the U.S. and many have been denied entry even with valid nonimmigrant and immigrant visas, based on no other reason but their national origin. You should not support the further arbitrary exclusion of a group of people based on nothing but that person’s national origin. 
Historically programs with sweeping powers to exclude people based on nationality, race, ethnic origin or religion have proven to be ineffective. In 2002, the U.S. government established the specialregistration program under National Security EntryExit Registration System (NSEERS) requiring 
heightened registration and scrutiny of people in the U.S. who came from mostly Arab and Muslim countries. NSEERS was initially portrayed as an antiterrorism measure which required male visitors to the U.S. from 25 Arab and Muslim countries to be fingerprinted, photographed, and questioned by immigration officers. Many whom complied with registration were arbitrarily detained and deported. NSEERS proved to be an ineffective counterterrorism tool, and has not resulted in a single known terrorism related conviction. We also should not forget the detrimental ramifications of blanket immigration exclusion and discrimination against Asians with the Chinese Exclusion Act. 
from VWP on people who set foot in Syria and Iraq and excluding groups of people based on their national origin, Congress should consider other security measures that would more effectively enhance the Department of Homeland Security’s screening process overall. We must also be weary of how VWP countries will treat Americans of Arab and Middle Eastern background, and may single out and exclude our citizens from entry in their respective immigration processes. 
ADC strongly urges you to Vote No to H.R. 
158 and stand up against profiling. The automatic exclusion of dual citizens of VWP countries and the designated Arab countries, and recent visitors to Iraq and Syria is discriminatory. The reactionary government actions following the Pearl Harbor attack— Japanese Internment camps and 9/11—arbitrary detention and surveillance of Arabs— are cautionary tales that we must heed to now and remember that we cannot let fear erode respect and protection of civil and human rights. 
Re Visa Waiver Program Security Enhancement Act, S. 2337. 
organizations write to express our concern regarding the Visa Waiver Program Security Enhancement Act, S. 2337, specifically Section 2 of the bill which imposes a mandatory and categorical bar to the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) on any individual who has traveled to Syria or Iraq within the previous five years. We understand that the House of Representatives may look to S. 2337 as it related to pushing forward on H.R. 158, the Visa Waiver Program Improvement Act. In any discussions regarding reforms to the VWP, including the omnibus appropriations bill, we urge you to remove provisions that specifically target people who visit or are from Syria or Iraq. 
Iraq and Syria would not be an effective security measure as it relies on selfreporting accurate tracking of who visits those countries that could be circumvented by someone intending to do harm—the persons who are intent on engaging in tenor activities are not getting their passports stamped, they are sneaking into Syria and Iraq. The provision is more likely to screen out health and aid workers, clergymen, journalists, military personnel, translators, family visitors and others who are helping protect Americans or have legitimate or completely innocent reasons to visit Syria or Iraq essentially penalizing them for their honesty. 
assumption that people from those countries are more likely to commit terrorist acts, and 
automatically suspect of terrorism. While the draft legislation on its face applies to all persons who have traveled to Syria or Iraq, in reality the legislation will have a disparate impact on people of Syrian and Iraqi descent. Historically programs with sweeping powers to exclude people based on nationality, race, ethnic origin or religion have proven to be ineffective. In 2002, the U.S government established the specialregistration program under National Security EntryExit Registration System (NSEERS) requiring heightened registration and scrutiny of people in the U.S. who came from mostly Arab and Muslim countries. NSEERS proved to be an ineffective counterterrorism tool, and has not resulted in a single known terrorism related conviction. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) suspended NSEERS in 2011. 
from VWP on people who set foot in Syria and Iraq, Congress should consider other security measures that would more effectively enhance the Department of Homeland Security’s ability to identify and screen out terrorists and dangerous individuals who pose threats to our nation. 
AmericanArab AntiDiscrimination Committee (ADC), American Immigration Lawyers Association (AILA), Asian Americans Advancing Justice (AAJC), Asian Law Caucus, Council on AmericanIslamic Relations (CAIR), Human Rights Watch, Iraq Veterans Against the War, Just Foreign Policy, League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC), The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, NAACP, National Immigration Law Center, National Network for Arab American Communities, Student Led Movement to End Mass Atrocities (STAND), SustainUS. 
there are many positive aspects to the legislation, I believe, in the end, we cannot countenance anything in our laws that judges individuals based on their nationality rather than their character. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the chairman of 
thank Chairman G OODLATTE and Chairman M ILLER for their leadership. 
I rise in support of this bill, the Visa 
threat environment since 9/11, and we must do everything possible to shut down terrorist pathways into this country. We are working hard to do just that with this bill. Last month, the House voted overwhelmingly to pass bipartisan legislation I drafted to prevent terrorists from entering the 
They have already done this to attack Paris. And this year, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence warned me that the National Counterterrorism Center has identified individuals with ties to terrorist groups in Syria attempting to gain entry to the U.S. through the U.S. refugee program. 
to exploit the U.S. refugee program to enter our country and that we currently lack the ability to confidently vet Syria refugees to weed out individuals with potential terrorist ties. Top law enforcement and intelligence officials have testified before my Committee that terrorist groups have expressed a desire to infiltrate refugee programs to enter the United States and Europe, and ISIS has said in their own words that they intend to do so. In Paris, we saw them follow through on those pledges, sneaking at least two operatives into Europe posing as refugees. It also appears that individuals with extremist links have already tried to gain entry to our country as refugees. This year the Office of the Director of National Intelligence informed me in writing that the National Counterterrorism Center has identified ‘‘. . . individuals with ties to terrorist groups in Syria attempting to gain entry to the U.S. through the U.S. refugee program.’’ This is deeply troubling. At this time, I am concerned that serious intelligence gaps preclude us from conducting comprehensive screening to detect all Syrian refugees with terrorist ties, and as a result I have proposed adding additional national security checks to the process before the United States approves any further admissions. Naturally, the States are concerned that the refugees being resettled in their communities may not have been effectively screened—especially given the volume of refugees the Administration has committed to accepting. Refugee resettlement is within the purview of the federal government. However, the Administration must be transparent in sharing information with the States about the people being resettled within their borders. The Refugee Act of 1980 requires that the federal government ‘‘shall consult regularly’’ with state and local governments and private nonprofit voluntary agencies concerning the intended distribution of refugees. In Texas, it appears the federal government has not fully heldup its end of the bargain. 
30,000 individuals from 100 countries have gone to Syria to join jihadist groups, and 5,000 of them have Western passports. This includes several of the Paris attackers, who could have traveled to the United States without a visa. 
That is why this legislation is so important before us here today. It will close security gaps in the Visa Waiver Program to keep terrorists from entering our country undetected. It also includes several recommendations from the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, which I created earlier this year. 
gaping security weaknesses overseas, including the fact that some countries are not sharing intelligence on terrorists, many are not screening travelers 
against critical counterterrorism databases, and too few of them are cracking down on passport fraud. 
This bill would help close those security gaps to keep terrorists from crossing borders. And it would implement several of the task force’s top recommendations to ensure Visa Waiver Program countries are living up to their obligations and ramping up security. 
thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. I also want to thank those on the other side of the aisle for working in a bipartisan spirit, in a cooperative nature on what I consider to be one of the biggest security gaps we have facing this country after the Paris attacks and after San Bernardino. And I want to thank our colleagues on the other side of the aisle. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), a member of 
the Judiciary Committee as well as of the Homeland Security Committee. 
the gentlewoman for her leadership. As well, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ), the chairman 
of the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, of which I am a member—Chairman MILLER —and Messrs. 
my having been on the floor today, America is looking for the homeland to be secure, and they are looking for it to be done in a thoughtful manner. 
Just a week ago, I did not vote for a 
bill that would have stopped innocent refugees who had been in camps for 2 years or more—mothers and fathers and seniors and children—because I knew there was a 21list vetting system that would ensure that those refugees who had languished in refugee camps and who had been suffering would be a small number—an infinitesimal number—coming into the United States. 
another loophole that could be ended, and that is to stop terrorists from getting guns—a thoughtful proposal. Most Americans didn’t realize the loophole existed. 
likewise, a thoughtful program. It has nothing to do with refugees. It has nothing to do with ending the Visa Waiver Program of 38 nations. What it has to do with is, if you have been in the areas where the caliphate is, where the fight has been taken to, Syria and Iraq, we just ask for an added interview. I might imagine that, in the course of that, there will be human rights activists and journalists. I would imagine, as well, that our officials who will be doing the interviews will be sensitive to the fact of legitimate journalists who have gone to do their reporting. 
American people know that we are working to craft a thoughtful approach. This is a thoughtful approach. It simply asks for individuals to go for an interview who are part of the Visa Waiver Program in the countries that they have them or who are dual nationals. 
Likewise, I have introduced legislation, H.R. 48, No Fly for Foreign Fighters, that asks for an added vetting for the terrorist watch list to make sure that no one on that list who is coming from overseas gets on an airplane. This will protect the American people. 
In the course of trying to be constructive, I think the hearings that we had in Homeland Security indicated another layer, another level, of just making sure that those who are trying to use the Visa Waiver Program are not abusing the Visa Waiver Program. That is our effort here today, that they not abuse it and, by some ill fate, allow someone who comes to this Nation to do us harm. Homeland security, protecting the national security, is a layer that is constructive and constitutional. This is constructive, and it is constitutional. 
in our country and our world with past senseless gun violence and terroristic acts against Americans and citizens the world over. 
Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act’’ because it facilitates a rigorous vetting of tourists seeking to enter into our country. 
In addition to the steps laid out by the President, I also believe there are additional steps the Congress should take, including bringing to the floor for debate and vote H.R. 48, the ‘‘No Fly for Foreign Fighters Act,’’ that I introduced earlier this year. 
check the Terrorist Screening Database and the terrorist watch list used in determining whether to permit a passenger to board a U.S.bound or domestic flight and to take appropriate steps to ensure that those who pose a threat to aviation safety or national security are included in the Terrorism Database. 
Mali, to Beirut, the carnage of violence has been perpetrated on the human family by those who should never be in possession of violent weapons or power. 
But we cannot allow these atrocities to dissuade us from interacting with and welcoming those interested in traveling to and learning more about our country. 
senior member on the homeland security and ranking member on the Judiciary subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Homeland, my top priority is the safety of the American people. 
our natural inclination is to point fingers and seek to cast blame as we have seen Mr. Donald Trump do. 
But we all know that deep down, this does 
us no good and that it runs afoul of our American ideals. What we must do is focus our efforts on the 
most likely security threats to our homeland and not scapegoat the thoroughly screened individuals who seek to come to the U.S. through the Waiver Program. 
We cannot throw a net of suspicion over an 
entire nation, even as the United States accepts more refugees—including Syrians. 
screening and security vetting of ANY category of traveler or immigrant to the United States before the refugee sets foot on U.S. soil. 
passed the House in November would immediately shut down refugee resettlement from the Syria and Iraq region and severely handicap refugee resettlement in the future. 
the individuals who committed the heinous attacks in Paris on November 13th were refugees. 
citizens from 38 countries from around the world, including the United Kingdom, France, Belgium and Japan, to enter the United States without a visa. 
One of the main intents of the Visa Waiver 
Program is to stimulate the U.S.’ economy by encouraging tourism, cultural exchange, business, and job growth between the United States and our international partners. 
cannot simply grab their passports and hop on the next flight to the United States. 
Rather, under current law, citizens from participating Visa Waiver Program countries are required to complete a U.S government online security screening form prior to their admission to the United States. 
These participants also undergo an additional level of screening at the port of entry by a Customs and Border Patrol official. 
This bipartisan bill provides for specific, concrete changes that will ensure better informationsharing among intelligence and law enforcement agencies. 
The Program requires screening of all travelers against INTERPOL databases to identify highrisk travelers. 
The Program makes it challenging for extremists to falsify their identities by requiring fraudresistant epassports that contain biometric information. 
The Program compels U.S. security agencies to conduct more frequent threat assessments of VWP countries. 
Syria, and other designated countries, or those who have visited such countries, to have an inperson interview with a U.S. Department of State Consular official and undergo more lengthy screenings prior to travel to the United States. 
This bill employs intelligent measures to enhance the security of the American people by improving information sharing between VWP country partners and the United States, including a requirement that WP countries report theft/loss of their citizens’ passports to the United States within 24 hrs. 
than the Republican drafted the ‘‘American SAFE Act of 2015.’’ 
It deserves a vote in the House. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the majority 
of this important legislation by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER). 
strong leadership, and it is going to take a strong strategy. I think it is clear that the President’s approach isn’t working. In fact, our intelligence officials tell us that ISIS is not only not being contained, but now we are seeing that they are coming to America, that they are attacking America, and that has been their stated goal. It is incumbent upon us to do everything we can. Frankly, the American people deserve to know that their government is doing everything in its power to protect them from the threat of terrorists. These are very real threats. 
decisive action. We have already passed a bill to address the problems of the lack of vetting in the refugee program, a program that ISIS, itself, has said it plans to exploit in order to bring terrorists into America. The FBI Director has even confirmed those concerns that we have expressed, and we have passed legislation to address that. 
forth strong, bipartisan legislation to reform the troubled Visa Waiver Program. We have seen that thousands of people with Western passports, including from the Visa Waiver Program nations, have been going to some of the troubled regions, like Syria, like Iraq, like other countries. There ought to be a higher level of scrutiny. This bill requires the Department of Homeland Security to work with those nations in 
order to have a higher level of scrutiny so as to ultimately lead to a more secure United States of America. 
pass this legislation. Let’s continue to do what we need to do in the House of Representatives to protect the American people from the real threat that ISIS poses. 
minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ), the ranking 
thank the gentlewoman from California for yielding the time. 
of H.R. 158, the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015. 
better secure the Visa Waiver Program, which facilitates travel to the U.S. for 20 million visitors from 38 participating countries for both business and pleasure. 
While the program provides important security benefits through informationsharing agreements between participating countries and significant 
potential security vulnerabilities of this program have been a concern. 
in the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007, which bolstered the security of the Visa Waiver Program by requiring an Electronic System for Travel Authorization, called ESTA. Through the ESTA program, Visa Waiver travelers are vetted prior to their departure to the U.S. 
I applaud the Department of Homeland Security for its recent efforts to make further enhancements to the ESTA program. These improvements will better secure the Visa Waiver Program, but Congress needs to do its part. That is why I am pleased to support H.R. 158. The bill was reported unanimously by voice vote from the Committee on Homeland Security earlier this year, and additional security related provisions were added on a bipartisan basis in recent days. 
requirements for Visa Waiver travelers and require Visa Waiver participants to report lost or stolen passports within 24 hours. Enhanced informationsharing requirements would also be in place for Visa Waiver countries. In addition to that, it would mandate that Visa Waiver countries screen arriving and departing noncitizens against INTERPOL databases. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. Its time has come. 
her diligence in bringing it before our committee, and I thank Ms. LOFGREN  
for her work in this effort. I look forward to the passage of this bill. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), a member of the Judiciary Committee. 
all know that ISIS is not contained. ISIS, in fact, is expanding its reign of terror. Its fighters hold passports from different countries around the world. We know they are embedded in Western countries, are able to travel freely, and are hard to track down—and they want to do us harm. 
Under the current Visa Waiver Program, individuals from 38 countries are exempt from the standard vetting process to get a visa and come to America. Hold a passport from one of these 38 countries, and you can just jump on a plane and come here. Those 38 countries are supposed to share their watch lists with us, but some of them don’t. That makes it easier for the bad guys to fly to America. 
the current system. Those 38 countries will now be required to share their watch lists with us. If they don’t, they are prohibited from being in the Visa Waiver Program. Foreign citizens who have recently traveled to Iraq and Syria will also be required to go through additional screening. 
America in their hateful, evil sights. We must do all we can to stop them 
from coming here, and the status quo just won’t keep us safe. As chairman of the Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I totally support this commonsense legislation. 
And that is just the way it is. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), our whip. 
worked very hard on this, and Democrats on the Homeland Security Committee and on the immigration policy and enforcement Judiciary subcommittee for their hard work to ensure that this bill will protect Americans from the threat of terror while we remain true to our highest principles and ideals. 
House Democrats and House Republicans have no greater priority than keeping Americans safe. That is neither a partisan issue nor is it a partisan difference. 
the pace of progress against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. I want to see the administration and Congress working together to protect our Nation. The reforms in this bill are an excellent start. What we have before us today, Mr. Speaker, is an example of what we can achieve when both sides work together to craft responsible reforms in a spirit of unity and common purpose, which is: in the face of the threats we challenge, we ought to summons. 
and our side of the aisle, and I want to thank those on the Republican side of the aisle for working together to get this bill done. 
been a tool to promote business ties and tourism, both of which are vital to our economy. We cannot—nor should we—simply shut our doors to the world if we want to continue to lead the world. This legislation will make it easier for law enforcement to vet those visitors who are coming from Visa Waiver countries, such as in Europe, to ensure that we are not admitting those who have traveled to places like Iraq and Syria and link up with ISIS. 
This is now the third major bipartisan piece of legislation to come to the floor in the past 2 weeks after the highway bill, which included a provision to reopen the ExportImport Bank, and the Elementary and Secondary Education Reauthorization Act. I hope—and I think the American people would expect—again, in light of the challenges that confront us, that we can build on this progress and complete a bipartisan agreement to keep government open before the week is done. 
Member ZOELOFGREN , who knows so much about this issue and who has 
been so faithful in her attention to both our values and the protection of the American people. I thank BENNIE  
of the Homeland Security Committee, on our side of the aisle. I also want to thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee for his leadership on this issue as well as all of those who have worked on a number of issues. 
This will not be the last word, but it 
is a good word, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). 
today in strong support of the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act, which will strengthen the Visa Waiver Program in order to help prevent foreign terrorists from entering the United States. 
time. The heinous acts of terror and mass murder perpetrated in Paris and San Bernardino demonstrate the alarming strength and reach of ISIS and its allies. 
This threat is certainly not contained, and our fight against radical jihadists at home and abroad must be the Nation’s most pressing issue. 
Passing H.R. 158 will close a dangerous loophole that we know terrorists will exploit to carry out acts of terror here in the United States. Terrorists such as the September the 11th socalled 20th hijacker, Zacarias Moussaoui, and the shoe bomber, Richard Reid, both used a Visa Waiver Program to enter the United States. 
of these great threats. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 158. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), the ranking member of the Intelligence Committee. 
support of H.R. 158, the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act. 
an excellent program that facilitates the travel of more than 20 million people to the United States each year, travelers who encourage cultural exchange and contribute significantly to our economy through tourism and job growth. 
The overwhelming majority of travelers who utilize the program are not a threat in any way. However, even a small number of individuals can do us grave harm. Among those of greatest concern are European citizens who return to countries like France and Belgium after traveling to Iraq and Syria to train with terror forces. 
precaution to ensure these individuals cannot exploit the Visa Waiver Program to enter the United States. 
are reasonable, and they are appropriately targeted improvements to this important program. Specifically, they will require that nationals of Iraq and Syria as well as other designated countries and those who have traveled to these countries since 2011 undergo an inperson interview with a U.S. official and more rigorous security screening processes prior to traveling to the United States. It will also require DHS to strengthen its background check procedures and ensure improved information sharing among intelligence and law enforcement agencies. 
In the wake of the recent terror attacks, we must continue to review our existing security efforts to ensure we are doing all we can to protect the country. Rather than focus on the refugee resettlement program, which is the most heavily screened and lengthy process to enter the United States, Congress should focus our energy on closing known vulnerabilities that could allow those who mean us harm to enter the United States quickly and with little scrutiny. This bill does just that. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING), a member of the Judiciary Committee. 
thank the chairman for working together with others to bring this bill forward. 
which is the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015. 
We all know that it takes a lot of 
pieces of legislation to fill some of the holes that exist, but I am pleased that this bipartisan effort has come to the floor of the House of Representatives, Mr. Speaker. 
I will say that, as I look at the language that is in here and the pieces of it, to recognize that as the tighter scrutiny to the Visa Waiver Program, which I have had some concern about over the years, 38 countries enjoy the relationship with the United States of a Visa Waiver Program. 
The way it functions is, if an individual of one of the participating countries has a valid passport from their own country and they sit down in front of the Internet, they can input that information and essentially clear themselves to be able to travel to the United States without further bureaucracy. 
a bad thing when we have people that have dual nationalities or people who give indicators, such as having traveled back and forth to some of the countries that we have concerns about as being those countries where terrorists are, let’s say, radicalized or sponsored. 
isn’t a little longer than this. The countries that are covered with this bill are Iraq, Syria, and, by definition, Sudan and Iran. I am hopeful that the 
Secretary of Homeland Security will take a look at some other countries to tighten this up a little bit more. 
world, Mr. Speaker, probably about a month ago, perhaps a little less. I traveled into Turkey, into Iraq, into the Kurdish region, Erbil, and then west as far as I could go up towards the ISIS lines. 
then back into Turkey, up to Hungary, down to Serbia, into Croatia, back out of there again, and then determined to skip Germany and Austria this time, but traveled up to Sweden to look at the other end of this. 
State Department. Some of that in that room is confidential, but we are working with these countries to tighten up our security. We are offering the expertise that we have developed here because we deal with a lot more people and a lot more travel than they do. I am hopeful that we will be able to share more of our intelligence also with the countries that are participating in a Visa Waiver Program. 
Speaker, it will identify those who have traveled to some of these terroristsponsoring countries, and it will also require that they exchange information with us so that we can monitor them more closely. 
lies about their travel—if they have, say, traveled to Iran, traveled to Iraq, maybe Sudan or Syria, and they apply for a visa waiver—we will either have a software program that will kick that out because it shows up on their passport or we will catch up with that and cancel their visa waiver. In any case, it is heightened scrutiny and heightened security for us. We need to do a lot of things to tighten this up, and this is one. 
It is one also that respects our relationship with the visa waiver countries, those 38. It is prudent. It is careful. It puts authority into the hands of the Secretary of Homeland Security. It is the right bill. It is bipartisan. I urge its adoption. 
minutes to my good friend from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I do support the fact that we are looking at the Visa Waiver Program. However, after scrutinizing this bill, I think that it is not the right bill and I don’t plan on supporting it. 
It is not that I can’t support any part 
of it. There are key things that I cannot abide, but I urge the parties to keep on working on it because I think the effort is proper. 
wrong with this. If it were to change, I might reconsider my position. The categorical stripping of the Visa Waiver Program privileges from all Iraqi and Syrian nationals I think is problematic. I think it is overbroad. I don’t think it is necessary. Number two, I think there should be 
exemptions for people who do clearly recognized legitimate work, such as journalists, researchers, human rights investigators, and other such professionals. 
Number three, I think the 5year sunset is too long. I think it should be shorter. I do think 3 years would work just fine. 
Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015 does contain, as we stand here, discriminatory elements, which I don’t believe will effectively stop terrorism. In fact, I think it sends a wrong message to dual nationals and Iraqi and Syrian tourists. 
This bill bars people who are dual nationals from Syria, Iraq, Iran, and Sudan from participating in the Visa Waiver Program even if there is no evidence that they are a security risk. I think our focus should be on behavior, not just country of origin. 
eligibility for people who traveled to Iraq or Syria in the last 5 years. For example, this bill would make an elderly French citizen who is a dual national of Syria go through an often lengthy visa approval process simply because she wanted to travel to the U.S. to attend a wedding or a birthday or something. What does this provision mean for a Swiss doctor who traveled to Iraq to work in a refugee camp providing medical care, but wants to come to the U.S. for a conference or something like that? 
to the U.S., it creates additional barriers. It should be worked on a little more to fix these problems. I do thank the parties for working in a bipartisan way to bring greater safety to our country. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ), the 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications of the Homeland Security Committee. 
thoughtful legislation. I rise today in support of H.R. 159. 
I was a proud member of the Committee on Homeland Security’s task force on combatting terrorists and foreign fighter travel. The task force bipartisan report, which was a culmination of 6 months of investigative activities, contained many troubling findings related to the ease with which foreign fighters from Visa Waiver Programparticipating countries could seek entry into the United States. 
Of the estimated 30,000 foreign fighters that we are aware of, at least 4,500 hold western passports. This is made even more alarming by the fact that 30 of the 38 Visa Waiver Programs are in Europe. 
force’s findings related to this program. The bill prohibits individuals that travel to Iraq and Syria from using the program. It requires termination of a participating country for failing to screen against INTERPOL’s criminal and terrorism databases. It authorizes the Secretary of Homeland Security to suspend participating countries when it is determined that they pose a high risk to the national security of the United States. 
brutal and more organized than any terrorist organization to date. We must use all the tools at our disposal to defeat them. I am particularly pleased that this bill recognizes the need to continually update and secure the Electronic System for Travel Authorization, or ESTA, a key task force recommendation. 
As part of this effort, we must leverage new and innovative technologies. The bill requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to explore opportunities to incorporate technology into ESTA that will detect deception and fraud. 
A number of promising deception detection technologies have been developed, including one developed at the University of Arizona in my district. Deception can be difficult to detect when you are interviewing an individual face to face. It is even more difficult to detect the deception in online forums like ESTA uses. 
The technology developed at the University of Arizona called NeuroScreen identifies typing, scrawling, and other computeruse patterns to capture motor nervous system signals associated with deceptive and suspicious behavior. We must leverage technology, such as NeuroScreen, to enhance screening programs like ESTA. 
that people from around the world can travel here to experience all the wonders and the freedoms of the United States. As we welcome travelers here, we must do so in a way that keeps us safe. 
urge all our Members to support this thoughtful bipartisan legislation. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, as the Representative from Las Vegas, one of the world’s greatest tourist and business travel destinations, I, too, rise in favor of H.R. 158. 
Program to help ensure that potential terrorists are not able to abuse it to bypass security checks and come to the U.S. to do us harm. 
of the fact that the VWP program is not only a significant aspect of our Homeland Security, but it is also critical to expediting and welcoming tourists and business travelers to the United States. In 2014, more than 20.4 million visitors arrived in the U.S. through the VWP, representing almost 60 percent of all overseas visitors. These travelers stayed an average of 18 nights and spent $4,400 per visit, generating $190 billion, which supported nearly 1 million jobs. In Las Vegas, 20 percent of our visitors come from foreign countries, many of whom use this program. 
So, in short, yes, we must be cautious. We cannot afford to unnecessarily crush the growing tourism industry or risk retaliatory measures by other countries, which would make it difficult for Americans to travel abroad for business or a holiday. 
balance between security and accommodation. I urge my colleagues to support it. I also caution against carrying xenophobia too far. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), the chairman 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I am recently back from London, where I had an opportunity to speak to British authorities about the challenge that Europeans find themselves in at this point in time. There are literally 5,000 Europeans who have gone to fight in Syria and in Iraq and have come back. Part of the problem here is a manpower problem of managing to be able to have a handle on that. 
Now, we cannot have people automatically coming to the United States without being vetted. They should not be allowed to just get on a plane and fly here. This bill is going to bolster our defenses because what it is going to do is to ensure that those who have traveled to a terror hotspot, like Syria, and then come back into Europe or another Visa Waiver country will get that thorough investigation before they are being cleared to travel. That will allow our authorities to prevent that travel. 
It is going to give our law enforcement a new tool as well in terms of detecting fraud and stolen passports. You also saw the story in Honduras of five Syrians with stolen passports trying to get into the United States. 
for America’s economy and good for our leadership overseas. We can strengthen it. Let’s urge our colleagues in the Senate to get this soon to the President’s desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from California has 6
11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q UIGLEY ), a former member of 
Waiver Program plays an absolutely essential role in growing the American economy. If we don’t have foreign travel, it is just going to be Michigan competing against Wisconsin, Las Vegas competing against Orlando; and while Chicago has no peer, we are really not being productive. Also, over the last decade, we have successfully used the incentives of this program to require participating countries to implement the strictest security standards and increase vital intelligence sharing with U.S. law enforcement. 
Select Committee on Intelligence, I can’t stress enough the value of intelligence we gather from the 38 Visa Waiver countries in thwarting terror plots and preventing attacks on our homeland. That is why I have been a longtime supporter of the Visa Waiver Program and for including important allies like Poland. But I have also led the effort to strengthen the security requirements of the program to respond to the evolving threats we face. 
of the security programs and reforms included in this bill we are debating today. It will also strengthen the security of the program and reduce fraud and also provide the U.S. with greater intelligence capacity. 
As policymakers, we must continuously reevaluate the reforms that are necessary to respond to keep America safe. The bill before us provides that proper balance by making the Visa Waiver Program even more secure and reaffirming our commitment to the program for the future. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ), the chairman 
today in support of H.R. 158, the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015. 
close a critical gap in our Nation’s security that is vulnerable to exploitation by terrorists and other nefarious actors seeking to do us harm. This bill strengthens the security of the Visa Waiver Program by requiring participating nations to increase counterterrorism information sharing, screen travelers against INTERPOL’s databases, and enhance passport security features. 
As chair of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Foreign Fighter Task Force, I spent countless hours with my colleagues examining weaknesses in our Nation’s defenses against the threat posed by foreign fighters. The 
provisions in this bill address several of the key findings in that report. I thank Mrs. MILLER for her leadership on this 
continuing bipartisan cooperation that is part of the Committee on Homeland Security. I commend my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for their continuing good work on that committee. 
are some 6 billion people in the world who aren’t from one of the 38 favored countries and have to go through an in person interview to visit the United States. It is not unfair for us to impose the same requirement on those Europeans who have visited ISISinfested areas. 
This bill will do some good, but it is 
mostly evadable. Most ISIS foreign fighters go to Turkey. Their passport is stamped in Turkey, and then they walk into Syria. ISIS does not stamp their passport, and so they are free to say that they never went to Iraq or Syria. This bill will make sense only if it applies to those who visited Turkey. 
stamped, say they flew to Baghdad, got it stamped by the Iraqi Government, all they have to do is go back to Europe and say, ‘‘I want a new passport. My hair style has changed, I want a different picture.’’ They get a new passport. Their old passport, holes are punched in it. It is returned to them, and so there is no record that they ever visited Iraq. 
have a list of which of their citizens have visited Syria, Iraq, or Iran. If they did have such a list, they wouldn’t share it with us because they have privacy laws. Now, they will cooperate with us on individual suspects, but not a list of tens of thousands of people who have visited Iraq, Syria, or Iran, and certainly not the millions who have visited Turkey. So they don’t have a list. They won’t share a list. 
that somebody got a new passport. Seeing that it was stamped only in Turkey but not stamped in Syria just shows you that they walked into Syria and ISIS didn’t stamp their passport. 
and then getting serious on a bill that will accomplish its purposes. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ). 
in support of H.R. 158. In order to protect our national security and the safety of Americans, we must also adapt our policies to prevent terrorists from entering U.S. soil. 
As we have heard earlier, approximately 5,000 Europeans have traveled to Syria and Iraq to join ISIS, many of whom are from countries that participate in the Visa Waiver Program. Many of these countries fail to provide the U.S. intelligence community with critical information needed to ensure those traveling under the program are not a threat to the U.S. Today’s legislation addresses and helps fix the vulnerabilities of this program. 
enter the United States, additional vetting is required. This includes enhanced screening of individuals who have visited or are citizens of Iraq, 
Syria, and terrorist hotspots like Iran and Sudan, or other nations that have seen a rise in significant terrorist activities. 
It strengthens intelligence and information sharing with our allies. It cracks down on passport fraud by requiring Visa Waiver countries to upgrade to biometrics and electronic passports and forces Visa Waiver countries to ramp up counterterrorism screenings of travelers. 
we must do the same to protect the American people from the risks posed by this threat. I thank Congresswoman MILLER for her hard work on this important piece of legislation. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ). 
this legislation to address the serious security gaps in the Visa Waiver Program, and I thank Congresswoman LOFGREN for putting our country’s security over partisanship to advance this commonsense measure. 
because it makes sensible, bipartisan changes to address the security gaps in the Visa Waiver Program and prevent Islamic State and other terrorist networks from using the program to gain access to the United States. 
world’s most violent and dangerous terrorist groups. To keep our country safe, we must be one step ahead of them, preventing them from entering the United States and stopping their efforts. 
travelers from approved countries to visit the United States for up to 90 days without a visa. This program is an important tool that grows our economy and supports ease of travel for American citizens. 
this bill strengthen the Visa Waiver Program. This bill requires partner nations to issue electronic passports, strengthening the screening process of program participants. 
by my bill, H.R. 4122, introduced with Congressman MATTSALMON , to suspend 
the Visa Waiver Program for individuals who have traveled in the last 5 years to Syria and Iraq, to countries that are state sponsors of terrorism, or to countries with active terrorist networks. I thank Chairman MILLER for 
I inquire how much time is remaining on each side. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 5
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, this legislation is a step in the right direction. The changes that I like particularly to the Visa Waiver Program are a requirement to share counterterrorism information with the United States and that all visa waiver countries must submit lost and stolen passport information to INTERPOL’s database within 24 hours. 
radicalized on the battlefield in Syria after 1 year, traveled back to Europe. He traveled through Turkey and through Germany. It is believed that Germany had information on this individual, but it failed to share that information with its neighbors France and Belgium. He arrived in Brussels. In a 90second attack with an automatic weapon on a Jewish museum, he killed 4 people before fleeing to France, making it all the way to the south of France, to the city of Marseille, where he hoped to cross the Mediterranean and disappear into the African continent. 
Why do I tell you this story? It is because of the freedom of travel in the Schengen region, or the open borders region in Europe, the radicalization of foreign fighters joining ISIS on the battlefield and having the ability to travel back to Europe and possibly, being undetected, travel to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program if the countries don’t share the information. 
have seen numerous instances where stolen or fraudulent passports have been used by migrants and terrorists to travel throughout Europe as well as across Latin America. 
through the triborder region, which is Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay. It is a region in the northern area of Argentina. They traveled there from Syria on stolen Israeli passports, and then they purchased, in the triborder region, Greek passports and were able to transit Latin America into Honduras, where they were stopped with those false passports. 
issues, and it is why I support what we are trying to do today. 
that will be very helpful, but I think clarifying some of these issues might be useful for Members. 
It has been said that there is discrimination in this bill. It is important to note that the Visa Waiver Program discriminates on the basis of nationality. That is why there is only one 
country, Chile, in Latin America that is in the Visa Waiver Program. Everybody else has to go in for a visa interview. 
are eligible for the Visa Waiver Program. Everybody in Africa has to go in for an interview to get a visitor’s visa. 
Taiwan, Japan, and South Korea—in Asia that are eligible. Everybody else has to go in for a visa interview. 
thing. It helps us understand what people are about. 
from the U.S. Travel Association in favor of this bill. It is signed by a large number of groups, including the Asian American Hotel Owners Association and The Travel Technology Association. 
DEAR MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES : On behalf of the 14.6 million 
American workers whose livelihood depends on safe international travel to the United States, we are writing in support of H.R. 158, legislation to strengthen homeland security in the wake of the recent terrorist attacks. 
the need for every possible measure to protect public safety. And no one advocates for security precautions more vigorously than travel professionals. Without public confidence in air security, worldwide commerce will be crippled. The Visa Waiver Program (VWP), originally created to facilitate travel, today is one of our most effective tools against global terror. Because of VWP, governments around the world now are working cooperatively at the highest levels of law enforcement to identify risky travelers—both before boarding flights and upon arrival in the United States. 
VWP members, the U.S. has unparalleled authority to inspect their counterterrorism, border control, aviation and travel document security methods and facilities. VWP protocols require participating nations to issue machinereadable passports that are difficult to forge; promptly enter data on all lost and stolen passports into a central INTERPOL database; and collaborate with the United States law enforcement under essential informationsharing agreements. Since this system was established in 2008, we have denied entry to over 4,300 wouldbe travelers known or suspected of posing a threat. For the many nations that hope to someday become a VWP member, just that aspiration offers a strong incentive to raise security standards unilaterally, even in advance of their admission. The VWP is a rare, exemplary government program that delivers both security and economic benefits. 
be improved. In our view, the battery of reforms proposed in H.R. 158 will help make us all safer. We support its provisions to add additional layers of protection, including by increasing preclearance and immigration advisory programs, working with other governments to strengthen their watch lists and vetting systems; and expanding Global Entry to enroll more rigorously screened, trusted travelers. These are thoughtful, effective reforms—and we especially commend bipartisan House leaders for working together toward enacting H.R. 158. As this bill makes its way through the legislative process, we will continue to work constructively with its sponsors. 
and our allies can send a global message about the seriousness of our air security protocols and our capacity for bipartisan consensus on matters of national security. 
Thank you in advance and please call on us if we can serve as a resource for your deliberations. 
Airlines for America, American Gaming Association, American Hotel & Lodging Association, American Resort Development Association, 
American Society of Travel Agents, Asian American Hotel Owners Association, Atlanta Convention & Visitors Bureau, Dallas Convention & Visitors Bureau, Destination DC, Destination Marketing Association International, 
Los Angeles Tourism & Convention Board, Las Vegas Convention & Visitors Authority, 
Loews Hotels and Resorts, Marriott International, Inc., National Retail Federation, National Tour Association, PSAV ®, 
Sabre Corporation, The San Diego Tourism Authority, Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, 
important for our country that this program, this Visa Waiver Program, be tightened up, that we are assured that it is being operated in a safe and secure manner. 
I am happy that we can work together on a bipartisan basis to do this, because we are at a time in our country when reckless and racist things are being said about some of our fellow Americans—people who are saying that if you are of the Muslim faith, somehow you are a threat to the United States. That is not true. And it is important for us to stand up against that rhetoric, to stand up for all Americans and people of all faiths, but also to work together on sensible, modest reforms to the VW Program. 
stand together in the face of outrageous racist rhetoric and that we will also stand together supporting this modest reform to the program. 
the bill does not solve all the problems. As I said in my opening statement, the most important part of this program is the database provisions. If countries do not want to share their data, they can’t be in the Visa Waiver Program. I think that, as we move forward, more and more countries will understand we need to collaborate together, and I urge support for the bill. 
want to thank everybody on both sides of the aisle who have worked together to bring us to the point where we can pass this bill through the House. I hope 
it is taken up and passed in the Senate. I hope it is signed into law soon. 
It will do some good in stopping people who have ill intent from being able to abuse our immigration system and enter our country. But this bill is just one of many, many things with regard to our immigration system that need to be examined. Other legislation that has already passed out of the Homeland Security Committee and the Judiciary Committee needs to be brought to the floor of the House for consideration. 
We also need to examine our visa programs and the interview process, which may be called into question following the tragedy in San Bernardino. We also need to make sure that our borders— particularly our southern border, but all of our borders—are secure. People are crossing into our country undetected, and they are not just from South American and Central American countries. They are from all over the world, including from the country that we have been talking about here today. 
We need to make sure that our asylum program is not as rampant with fraud as it is today. We need to pass legislation introduced by Congressman CHAFFETZ of Utah that addresses that 
We need to make sure that when people cross into our country illegally, no matter where they are from, they are apprehended and that they are not released into the interior of the country with the hope that they will someday reappear for a hearing. Congressman JOHN CARTER has legislation that addresses that problem. 
We need to make sure that when people enter the United States, for whatever purpose, they do so lawfully, and they not take jobs away from lawabiding American citizens. We need to make sure that our electronic verification of employment program is made mandatory, as legislation introduced and passed out of the committee, introduced by Congressman LAMAR SMITH, 
utilizing all of our law enforcement resources across our entire Nation to keep this country safe, including better cooperation between the Federal Government and our State and local governments on law enforcement issues and on immigration enforcement issues. I hear from judges and sheriffs and other law enforcement officials in my district about the messed up way that our current program is working. We need to have a clear, statutory role for State and local governments to participate in the enforcement of these laws. 
to the floor of this House to make sure that our immigration programs are working properly, are working fairly, and are making this country safer than 
it is today. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, which is a very good step in the right direction. 
at the end of this Congress. This is a 
good note to end this debate upon. I thank her for her good work in making sure that we are keeping this country safe by improving the Visa Waiver Program. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 158, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2130, RED RIVER PRIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–375) on the resolution (H. Res. 556) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2130) to provide legal certainty to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 679, 
I was unavoidably detained and would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, Members are advised that votes are expected in the House on Friday. Members are further advised that additional votes are possible through the weekend and as well on Monday. 
their schedules flexible. I will provide more detailed timing information as soon as possible so that you may make necessary travel arrangements. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3842) to improve homeland security, including domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to provide training to first responders, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 420, nays 2, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick 
Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) 
Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
PERMISSION TO FILE CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 644, TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
unanimous consent that the managers on the part of the House have until midnight tonight, December 8, to file the conference report to accompany H.R. 644. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
OF THE ENFORCEMENT INSTRUCTION ON SUPERVISION REQUIREMENTS FOR OUTPATIENT THERAPEUTIC SERVICES IN CRITICAL ACCESS AND SMALL RURAL HOSPITALS 
ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Ways and Means be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 1461) to provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF ENFORCEMENT INSTRUCTION ON SUPERVISION REQUIREMENTS FOR OUTPATIENT THERAPEUTIC SERVICES IN CRITICAL ACCESS AND SMALL RURAL HOSPITALS THROUGH 2015. 
third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2693) to designate the arboretum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
of William and Mary in 1963 and shortly afterward was married to Paul Edward Galanti, a pilot with the United States Navy, at the Chapel of the Centurion in Fort Monroe, Virginia. 
down over North Vietnam, captured, and held prisoner, Phyllis E. Galanti became active in the National League of Families of American Prisoners and Missing in Southeast Asia, soon becoming chair of the organization. 
Bring Paul Galanti Home project as part of the national Write Hanoi campaign— 
soldiers from the United States who were missing in action or held as prisoners of war in Vietnam; and 
Let’s Bring Paul Galanti Home project, the most successful of many such campaigns, resulted in more than 1,000,000 letters that 
were personally delivered to the North Vietnamese embassy in Stockholm, Sweden, in 1971. 
Galanti was reunited with her husband Paul Galanti at the Naval Air Station in Norfolk, Virginia, on February 15, 1973. 
the issue of prisoners and hostages from the United States, not only in Vietnam but also in the Soviet Union and Iran. 
the American Legion Service Medal, and the Paul and Phyllis Galanti Education Center at the Virginia War Memorial was named in honor of her and her husband. 
McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, including Director John Brandecker, seeks to recognize Mrs. Galanti by naming the arboretum at Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in her honor. 
name the arboretum after such an outstanding advocate for members of the Armed Forces of the United States and veterans. 
HUNTER HOLMES MCGUIRE VA MEDICAL CENTER IN RICHMOND, VIRGINIA. 
Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum’’. 
and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
I rise in support of this measure. First of all, I want to thank Congressman POEand Congressman C ONNOLLY for all their hard work on this 
bill. Enhancing transparency and accountability in our foreign assistance spending is something with which we can all agree. And it is important that we get our foreign assistance right. Our foreign aid represents just a tiny sliver of the Federal Government’s annual budget—less than 1 percent. But if it is put to the right use, it is an investment that pays huge dividends. 
Why is that? Because when we support the construction of a water treatment facility in an overcrowded city or train teachers in a rural village, we are doing more than just directly helping those affected. We are helping to bring stability and prosperity to entire communities and populations. And when we have stronger partners around the world, it helps enhance our own security and advance our own interests. 
So, as I like to say, foreign assistance is the right thing to do for those who are in desperate need, and it is also the smart thing to do in terms of American foreign policy and national security. But it is important that we are spending our limited foreign assistance dollars efficiently and effectively. 
important steps to enhance the monitoring and evaluation of our foreign assistance programs. When she was Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton was at the forefront of those efforts. 
Transparency and Accountability Act, would build on the great progress already made by the administration. It would write into law many of the steps they have already taken, making these efforts permanent for future administrations. 
This will help ensure that our investments are as effective as possible by requiring measurable goals and plans for monitoring and evaluation. 
Madam Speaker, this important legislating will help all of us to better understand how our foreign assistance programs help promote stability, prosperity, and democracy around the world, and how these investments advance our own security interests. 
support this bill. I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). 
today with strong concerns over President Obama attempting to unilaterally bypass Congress once again and enter the United States into the socalled ‘‘Paris Protocol’’ on global warming. 
36th Congressional District in the State of Texas, I can tell you that my constituents want nothing to do with this expensive, ineffective, and unnecessary proposal. 
for Clean Coal Electricity, the Paris Protocol will reduce U.S. gross domestic product by an average of 9.1 percent, or $5 trillion per year. And consistent with this, NERA Economic Consulting states this will cost U.S. taxpayers approximately more than $30 billion per year. 
of the President bypassing the Senate and not submitting this proposal as a treaty, and the outrageous costs, these negotiations will not even accomplish their end goal of substantial climate benefits. 
A U.S. pledge to the U.N. is estimated to prevent only onefiftieth of 1 degree Celsius temperature rise over the next 85 years. 
measurable benefit at all, but our economy will be wrecked by this accord. 
terrible leadership that we have seen from this administration and of the important role that Congress must play in standing up and fighting back on behalf of the American people. 
and Mr. C ONNOLLY ’s bill. I didn’t realize that climate change was on the 
agenda. Let me say that today, Secretary Kerry met with a bunch of businesspeople and led a meeting, and they talked about climate change because climate change is real. 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), a valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee and an author of this legislation. 
thank my dear friend from New York, the distinguished ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, for his great leadership and for always being supportive of all of our work. 
wonderful partner and initiator of reform and of thoughtful legislation on our committee. It has been my privilege to cosponsor a lot of legislation with Mr. POEto try to make things 
such example, the Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act of 2015. 
number of years now. In the 112th Congress, a previous iteration of the bill passed this body by a unanimous vote. We hope for a similar outcome in this Congress and for quick Senate consideration and passage. 
The bill directs the President to establish monitoring and evaluation guidelines for the 22 Federal agencies that are charged with implementing some piece of development and economic assistance. 
plans as part of the project development process, and agencies will be encouraged to incorporate the findings of evaluations and impact studies into subsequent foreign assistance programs. This feedback loop will include measurable goals, performance metrics, and a clearinghouse for lessons learned on U.S.led aid projects, something long overdue after 60plus years of foreign aid. Additionally, the legislation requires that the documents and reports created under this M&E regime be made available to the public on foreignassistance.gov. 
encouraging record on foreign aid transparency. The Foreign Assistance Dashboard, which was created in 2010, is a great example of demonstrating a promising inclination toward disclosure that we hope to enshrine in this law. This measure will strengthen and codify those transparency best practices to ensure that they exist as agency policy under future administrations that might not be as accommodating of the aid community’s demand for this information. 
Aid programs that are held accountable for their performance and results can be made more effective, and their impact on communities and countries abroad can be more easily demonstrated. Perhaps, with more information, we can dispel the commonly held 
belief that 26 percent of our budget goes to foreign aid, when, as my friend Judge POEpointed out, it is actually 
does not lack passion. The men and women who put themselves in harm’s way overseas and who take their families to remote areas of the world, often dangerous, in the interest of helping vulnerable populations, are certainly not seeking fame, glory, or fortune. They do it because they can envision a path to prosperity in even the most povertystricken areas of the world, and they see the promise of democracy in the face of the most repressive and authoritarian regimes. 
Regarding our mission, I was a staffer on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee the last time Congress actually passed a foreign aid authorization bill in 1986. The original Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, which Judge POEcited, listed five principal goals for 
foreign aid. Today, we have more than 260. Some are competing and some are redundant. 
What is our core mission today? Until January 2014, USAID’s mission 
statement read as follows: ‘‘USAID accelerates human progress in developing countries by reducing poverty, advancing democracy, building market economies, promoting security, responding to crises, and improving quality of life. Working with governments, institutions, and civil society, we assist individuals to build their own futures by mobilizing the full range of America’s public and private resources through our expert presence overseas.’’ 
That is not a clear mission statement. I am hopeful this bill will help us focus on the foreign assistance operations. 
to travel in streamlining the legislative construct for foreign assistance and clearly articulating our mission, we have an opportunity today to make immense progress toward establishing badly needed metrics for aid programs with the passage of this bill. It is time to apply a datadriven approach to constructing an assistance operation that has the support of both this Congress and of a wellinformed public. 
for his initiative, and for his vision with respect to this subject. I know it is going to actually make U.S. foreign assistance investments in the future a lot more effective and a lot more accountable. 
for his comments. A couple of things that he mentioned are worth mentioning again, I believe. 
working on for a long time passed unanimously in this House of Representatives 4 years ago in December. Why didn’t it become law? Because, in the Senate’s rules, one Senator was able to block the legislation from even being voted on in the Senate. So here we are again, 4 years later, trying to get this legislation passed. 
their mission statement. Nothing in the definition of ‘‘assistance’’ in this bill precludes USAID from reporting on data fields that it currently reports on for the Green Book and for OECD. So, if they are already making reports, this legislation, to be very clear, does not prohibit them from also making those other reports, but they will comply with the legislation in this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ), a valued 
Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the distinguished gentleman from New York for yielding time. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3766, the Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act. 
colleagues, the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) 
and the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), for all of the work 
that they have done to get this important bill to the floor and to thank them for working, as they always do, in a bipartisan way on behalf of the members of our committee. 
Ranking Member E NGEL for their leadership on this bill and for their creating an environment on the Foreign Affairs Committee, where we work together in a bipartisan way, and this legislation is a product of that work. 
Transparency and Accountability Act will enhance the transparency and effectiveness of U.S. foreign assistance by requiring a framework for monitoring and evaluating foreign development and economic programs and for publicly disclosing the data and results. 
variety of assistance programs overseas, and it is important that there is a clearly articulated strategy and monitoring apparatus for our assistance. It is just as important that the American people have access to the information about what activities their tax dollars are funding. This is critical to sustaining public understanding and support for our diplomatic work and our foreign assistance. 
commend the Obama administration for making much of this information publicly available online on their Foreign Assistance Dashboard. 
this legislation so that we can continue to increase efficiency and accountability in our foreign assistance programs. The American people deserve this, and it will make our foreign assistance better understood and more impactful. I urge my colleagues to support this excellent legislation. 
as I have no further requests for time, I reserve the balance of my time. 
the lives of countless people around the world, and it helps advance American interests and American values. Foreign assistance deserves the continued support of Congress. At the same time, we need to know that our foreign assistance dollars are being put to the best use possible, that we are getting the biggest bang for our buck. The American people expect no less when it comes to their tax dollars, and they are right. 
So let’s stand up for foreign assistance and for transparency and accountability by passing this bill. I urge a 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Committee is probably more bipartisan than any committee in the House of Representatives. Almost everything that we do and the legislation we bring to the floor, the vast majority of Members support. Sometimes every Member supports the legislation. This is another one of those pieces of legislation that is good for the country and is really good for the whole world. 
this bill is about. As I started out in my comments, many Americans don’t know what we do with their money. Let me just give a few examples: 
now millions of girls in other parts of the world who are getting an education. Because of Americans and their interest, half of the AIDS epidemic in Africa has been cut. It has been cut in half, the epidemic of AIDS in Africa. The life expectancy of people in Afghanistan, because of American aid, has grown 20 years. When it comes to the youth, many children throughout the world are dying because they have dirty water. It is not clean. Because of USAID and their help, that number has been cut in half. The children are now living because they are getting clean water. 
being done. We should be proud of those accomplishments. We also want to make sure that 
those accomplishments and what we are doing with American money is transparent. We want to continue to evaluate it to see if it is working. If it is working, let’s continue it, and if it is not working, then let’s do something else. 
their support, especially the chairman and the ranking member. 
make foreign aid programs efficient and effective, two words that sometimes aren’t used with ‘‘government.’’ I strongly support this legislation. 
And that is just the way it is. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3766, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as 
Division II State football championship for the second year in a row, and they won it convincingly, as they did last year, 42–0, this time over Massillon Perry. 
compete and prevail for the State championship was they were challenged throughout the season by other great Cincinnati high school football programs. There is a saying, what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger. Having to play Cincinnati powerhouse teams like Colerain, Elder, St. X, and Moeller didn’t kill LaSalle, but it certainly made them stronger. 
been an important part of my life. I got my start in politics there by getting elected to the student council, and I played football, starting on the defensive line. Ten years later, my younger brother, Dave, also played defensive back for LaSalle. Of course, there is another saying, the older I get, the better I was. 
So congratulations to LaSalle’s players, coaches, students, teachers, parents, and supporters. Well done. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROTHFUS. I want to take a little time this evening to take a different look at American energy, Mr. Speaker. As many of you know, one of my core convictions is the importance of upholding the dignity of human life. Our task here in Washington should be to promote ideas and policies that allow people to live longer, healthier, and more rewarding lives. 
It is in that spirit that I have joined 
with my fellow Pennsylvanian, Representative KELLY , and likeminded 
Starting last week, world elites gathered in Paris to negotiate climate change commitments and promises that, if enacted, could undo generations of human progress, progress that has provided us with the affordable and reliable energy necessary for humans to truly flourish. 
of the story, one that abandons the dogma of scarcity put forward by elites in Paris and climate change zealots in Washington. I want to shift this debate to focus on the remarkable story of human abundance. Affordable, reliable energy has been responsible for helping to improve and prolong the lives of billions of people around the world. 
keeps the lights on in our homes. It allows us to have fresh food and clean water. It powers our schools and our hospitals. Energy is in many respects a life or death matter. It is a moral issue, and it deserves more careful consideration than it has been given by the President. 
just taking a look at some charts. In taking a look at what has been happening with the use of energy, a lot of the energy we get is carbonbased fossil fuel energy, whether it is coal, oil, natural gas. Yes, it has increased in recent history. 
What also has happened in recent history? As CO2emissions have gone up, 
so has the wealth of this world and of this country. As the population has gone up, so has energy use. What is really striking, Mr. Speaker, is taking a look at how the increase in life expectancy has coincided with this energy revolution as well. As you can see, for much of human history, our lives were short, miserable, and lacking in fulfillment. 
revolution, people lived 27 years, on average, earned little money, and faced limited opportunities. Again, though 
wealth, lifting billions of people out of poverty and life expectancy. 
States, the average life expectancy is near 80 years old. As people learned to access the bounty of energy available, we turned it to our advantage. As we got better at it, incomes and populations soared. 
Speaker. As we look at the use of world energy, just going back over the last 30 years, the bottom line is energy use. The top line is the world GDP, the increase in wealth that we have seen coinciding with this increase in energy. You could take a look at some specific countries and see how energy has benefited them. 
have industrialized and increased energy use over the last generation, life expectancy has increased by more than a decade. Infant mortality has plummeted by 70 and 58 percent, respectively, in China and India. This is all correlated with increased energy use and the availability of affordable energy resources. 
Moral Case for Fossil Fuels,’’ hundreds of millions of people have gotten their first light bulb, their first refrigerator, their first decentpaying job. 
With all of our world problems, affordable energy has helped make this the brightest, most abundant time in human history. Some disparage the story as one of unseemly consumption and excess. I see it as a tremendous triumph of human ingenuity and a victory for those who put human well being as our top priority. 
Western Pennsylvania, where, once again, we are witnessing increasing prosperity attracted by affordable and reliable energy. This entails better opportunities for Pennsylvania’s youth and a better quality of life. That is why I am so troubled by the President’s actions at home and in Paris. 
which will likely entail further restrictions on our access to energy, the President is unknowingly endangering our future wellbeing. By not taking his plans to Congress for approval, as should be the case with a treaty, the President is ignoring the will of the American people. 
This is not a trivial point. The American people will be denied the opportunity to weigh in on something that will drastically impact their daily lives. Remember, the President said when he was a candidate in 2008 that electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket under his plan. 
burdens that the American people are already grappling with. The socalled Clean Power Plan is an example. By forcing more power plant closures and placing stricter requirements on those that remain, the President’s plan will raise energy prices by $289 billion 
through 2030, hurting American families and businesses large and small. 
224,000 fewer American jobs being created each year because of this rule. We will also see reduced disposable income and weaker economic growth. 
Minority communities will be especially hardhit. A study from the National Black Chamber of Commerce found that the Clean Power Plan would increase poverty among African Americans by 23 percent and Hispanics by 26 percent. This is unacceptable, and it is immoral. 
Real people will be hurt by these actions. Yet, few in Washington seem to be caring about these real human costs. That is why I have introduced a bill called the Fair Burdens Act. This bill would prevent the burden from endangering our prosperity and well being until the EPA can verify that a sufficient number of countries have enacted similarly stringent policies. 
would ensure that Americans aren’t made to needlessly suffer and that our jobs aren’t forced overseas, as the President unilaterally slows the American economy. 
need to change the narrative and educate the public. Affordable, reliable energy is a vital ingredient for human prosperity and wellbeing. Ignoring this fact and taking illconceived policy actions as a result condemns millions of Americans and billions around the world to dimmer futures, higher 
energy costs, and less prosperity. We owe it to our constituents to defend their ability to live fulfilling, prosperous lives. 
have joined me here tonight to do just that. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ). 
Speaker, I think tonight is a great night for us all to get together. While we are very concerned about the cost to American taxpayers and the fact that we will be going away from our fossil fuels, which are so abundant, so accessible and so affordable, there is another issue that takes place at the same time. 
the President say very clearly—and he has used this many times before—that things aren’t getting done at the pace 
that he would like and that he has a phone and he has a pen and, if Congress can’t act, he will act. 
President, in fact, it is kind of shocking and stunning that a former professor of constitutional law would have a total disregard for the Constitution. I would like to tell the President that the Constitution is not a suggestion. It is who we are. It is what makes us an exceptional Nation. 
Convention on Climate Change is taking place right now in Paris. It is stunning that the legacy of one man would 
the commitments made by this President, he looks at it as an executive decision, not as a treaty, a treaty that requires him returning to the House and to the Senate. Particularly treating this as a treaty, it would take two thirds of the Senate to concur with whatever it is that we are proposing. Again, as I said, this is a former professor of constitutional law. Yet, he continually defies it. He makes the House irrelevant. 
or Democrat issue. This is an American issue. This goes to the very framework and the very foundation of who we are as a Nation. So when you look at this, it is really hard to believe that there is such disregard. 
that, if you go to article II, section 2, clause 2, it is very clearly stated: ‘‘The President . . . shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur . . .’’ 
Again, this is an overreach by an executive. It doesn’t matter if it is a Republican sitting in the White House or a Democrat sitting in the White House or an Independent or a Libertarian sitting in the White House. It clearly is defined in our Constitution how these powers work. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. I wonder, Mr. Speaker, if one were to ask a question of some high school students in a civics class—if you have an agreement, let’s say, between two countries or three countries or four countries and those countries are agreeing to do things that are going to bind their respective citizens, you would ask those students, I would think, Mr. Speaker: What would you call that type of agreement? 
a civics class might say a treaty. If it looks like a treaty, if it smells like a treaty and it works like a treaty, it is a treaty. 
here has been saying, we have a process in our Constitution for when it is a treaty. It needs to get submitted to the Senate with a twothirds vote. 
I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ). 
well, tonight we are talking about energy and we are talking about setting targets and timetables that will be very expensive for hardworking American taxpayers’ money. I would like to remind the President that the money he is talking about committing is not his. It belongs to hardworking American taxpayers. 
is an endless amount of money to be thrown around the world for whatever reason possible and knowing that, really, the Paris protocol is nothing more 
countries to do all these things. There is an ask for these countries to do these things. What they are asking is: If we do comply with these suggestions, these targets, these timetables, will we be subsidized by the United States of America? 
to make the commitments that he continues to make. He does not have that power. Our Constitution clearly defines the separation of powers. It is clearly structured so that no one body can run roughshod over the other body. This has been a concern forever. Yet, this President consistently time after time disregards the House and the Senate. 
As I said earlier, this is not about Republicans or Democrats. This is about America and America’s future. In this case, it is about energy. But as we go forward, what other overreaches will this Executive take? What other things will he do because it is about his legacy and not about the wellbeing of our country and our people. It is shocking. It is stunning that he would continue on this path. 
that the American people sit idly by and watch this happen day after day, week after week, month after month. In 7 years of watching this, they sit back and say: I am not sure that he doesn’t have the power to do this. Well, let me tell you, it is clearly defined in our Constitution that this President does not have this authority. In fact, no President, no Executive has the authority to do what this President is continuing to do. 
and we look at what can you do, because people back home tell me all the time, ‘‘Look, I agree with you, but what can you do about it?’’ and I know that for myself and my colleagues, we refuse to sit by idly and watch our Nation be given away and watch our Constitution be run over roughshod because of one man’s legacy. This is not what is good for America. This is what is good for this administration and this President. That is not only shameful, it is unconstitutional and cannot be tolerated. 
Senate and myself, we have come up with H. Con. Res. 97 that states any commitment of funds, hardworking American taxpayer funds, has got to come before the Senate for its advice and consent. 
we can talk and we can amend, but what we cannot condone is an Executive who has a total disregard for this House and for the Senate. As I said earlier, we need colleagues on both sides. This is not a Republican issue or a Democrat issue. This comes down to the very foundation of who we are as a country. If we turn our back on this, what will 
be next? The continual disregard for the Constitution is not only of grave concern to me, to my colleagues, but 
every single American, regardless of how you vote or how you register. That is not the issue, my friends. 
people in America’s House, with the Senate, stand up and say there will be no commitment of hardworking American taxpayer dollars unless it comes before the Senate as a treaty and gets the advice and consent of the Senate, twothirds of which are required to pass this? 
I know we are coming to an end in 
Paris, and I know there is great concern of getting to Paris to find out exactly what the Paris Protocol is structured with, but I would just say this: Before you pack your bags and leave, take a copy of your Constitution with you. 
and watching this happen, please, get out your Constitutions and look. For our schools, please start to preach and teach the Constitution, of which too many Americans are woefully uninformed. 
colleague from Pennsylvania was talking about the Constitution. What he was getting at, Mr. Speaker, was a simple concept of authority and whether the President has authority to do what he is doing in Paris. The President is allowed to negotiate certainly. He can conduct foreign affairs. It is pretty clear in the Constitution that he has that authority to do so. But the President, on his own, does not have the authority to obligate American taxpayers to pay into any kind of fund. It is the House and the Senate that do the appropriations. 
out of the auto business, where he sold cars. I can imagine a situation where you might have a customer coming in, let’s say a 15yearold, who wants to go in and buy a car. Of course my colleague might welcome this individual to the showroom, and this individual, a 15yearold kid, might make an offer, but I think he is going to be asking: Well, does this person have the authority at the age of 15 to make an offer? Maybe the kid will say: Well, I am doing it for my mom and my dad. Well, you are going to want to see what authority he has. I am mindful that our Constitution gives the authority to spend money to the Congress, which would then be signed by the President. 
I yield to my colleague if he wants to 
tell you this, and I think if there is anything more telling of the view that this administration has, all you have to do is go back in time to March of 2015 this year when Josh Earnest, who represents the White House in all the briefings, was asked by a reporter in regard to the Paris Protocol and in regard to the climate control conference that would be taking place. 
This is so typical of this administration. The reporter looks to Mr. Earnest and says to him: Is this the kind of agreement that Congress should have the ability to sign off on? 
who works for a former constitutional law professor would have a little bit of an idea when it comes to speaking; and even while they may feel in their heart that they have a total disregard for this body, I don’t think that they would be encouraged to speak out the way Josh Earnest did that day. Let me read what Josh Earnest said when the reporter asked him: Is this the kind of agreement that Congress should have the ability to sign off on? 
says: I think it is hard to take seriously from some Members of Congress who deny the fact that climate change exists that they should have some opportunity to render judgment about a climate change agreement. 
stunning, but chilling that, coming out of the White House, the spokesman for the President of the United States again consistently expresses the attitude of this President in that: Are you kidding me? We are actually going to have the people’s House, the people’s Representatives weigh in on a climate change initiative? They are not qualified. They only represent the people. No. We will make that decision. And he again totally trashes the House of Representatives. 
speak up when this happens to them, you got trashed, too, my friends. I have watched you stand and applaud a President who says consistently that: I do not need the House of Representatives to effect change. I will use my phone and I will use my pen, and I am tired of waiting for these people. 
to you that the Constitution is not a suggestion. It is who we are as a nation. It is what makes us great. It is what allows the people to decide how they will be governed, not the government to decide how the people will be governed. This is such upsidedown thinking. 
with the abandonment of our fossil fuels and turning our economic revival upside down, I am more concerned with an administration that consistently turns upside down our Constitution, runs roughshod over the House of Representatives, disregards the Senate, and then sits back and says: This is the way it is going to be because I am the President of the United States. 
President of the United States. You take the same oath all of us take. If for some reason you can’t remember what it is, please take a look at it and remind yourself who you are, what you are, and whom you represent. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded not to engage in personalities toward the President, and Members are reminded to address the 
Chair and not a perceived viewing audience or other Members in the second person. 
from Pennsylvania for his observations about our Constitution and what it requires. 
been a very strong advocate for her constituents and for the energy policy that we need to have in this country. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to join with Representatives ROTHFUS and K ELLY  
and all my colleagues here tonight expressing concern about the reports coming from the Conference of the Parties, or COP 21, talks in France of a planned endaround of the Senate. 
It is unacceptable to me that this administration is negotiating a major international agreement, promising vast sums of taxpayer dollars, with no intention of allowing the people’s representatives to weigh in on a final agreement. While the President’s team is in Paris trying to finalize a deal, we have been here listening to our constituents. That should be our goal: to listen to Americans and to fight to lower their electricity costs, not obligating taxpayers to send billions of their hardearned dollars overseas to implement climate change schemes. 
path of forcing rate increases on the hardworking families in America, yet that has been the President’s plan all along, Mr. Speaker. In 2008, President Obama proudly announced his vision for energy costs in our country. He said: ‘‘Under my plan of a capand trade system, electricity rates would necessarily skyrocket . . . coal . . . natural gas . . . you name it . . . whatever the plants were, whatever the industry was, they would have to retrofit their operations. That will cost money, and they will pass that money on to consumers.’’ 
though his capandtrade legislation failed in Congress, the administration has not given up and continues to ignore the voices of the American people by passing rules that implement them, despite the law, and by traveling to Paris to work a deal to inflict more mandates on the American people. 
home, negotiators are working every angle to make sure a deal is secured, no matter how onerous it is to senior citizens and lowincome families living paycheck to paycheck and for whom a rate increase will hurt the most. 
the administration when it finalized the EPA’s recent Clean Power Plan rules on existing and new power plants, which amount to a disguised capand trade program. 
people. Upon the start of the Paris talks, both Chambers of Congress passed joint resolutions against the EPA’s Clean Power Plan rules for new 
and existing power plants to nullify the rules put in place which were done by ignoring the will of the people. 
the EPA to court over these two rules. It is important that we do this. Missourians rely on affordable energy. Americans everywhere rely on affordable energy, and to ignore their needs and wishes is irresponsible. 
mandates that will cost hundreds of billions of dollars over the next 15 years, close power plants across the Nation, eliminate jobs, and close off access to reliable, affordable energy for the most vulnerable in our society. 
We need to promote policies that increase access to affordable energy, tap into the abundant energy supply, and create a reliable infrastructure supported by American labor and ingenuity. 
We need to make sure that Americans’ voices are heard, which is why I proudly stand with my colleagues in support of Congressman KELLY ’s concurrent resolution requiring the President to send any agreement stemming from these talks in Paris to the Senate as a treaty for advice and consent from those sent here by the people to represent them. 
works for the American people, not against it. They deserve a fair process that upholds the constitutional authority of checks and balances envisioned by our forefathers. 
the American people and support this resolution so the people’s voices will be heard. 
who disagree with us and our colleagues point to the wisdom of the experts on the potential impacts of climate change, but we know that many of the socalled experts have historically been wrong, often significantly wrong. 
In 1986, John Holdren, a senior adviser to President Obama on science and technology issues, predicted: ‘‘carbon dioxide, climateinduced famines could kill as many as a billion people before the year 2020.’’ 
billion people to the planet, an increase of almost 50 percent, and we aren’t seeing a billion people dying from famine. We continue to make significant progress with improved technology, and we are feeding more people than ever, and people are living healthier and longer. We could not have done this without accessing abundant, affordable, and consistent energy. 
Paul Ehrlich, another socalled expert on this issue, predicted in 1970, that: ‘‘By the year 2000, the United Kingdom will be simply a small group of impoverished islands, inhabited by some 70 million hungry people . . . If I were a gambler, I would take even more money that England will not exist in the year 2000.’’ Well, England 
England’s Chancellor of the Exchequer was recently published in The Wall Street Journal bragging about the nation’s turnaround under conservative leadership: ‘‘How Britain Got Its Mojo Back.’’ 
To paraphrase Mark Twain, the report of Britain’s death is greatly exaggerated, to say the least. If we had listened to the inaccurate and dire predictions of these experts and chicken littles and curtailed energy usage, our world would certainly look differently than it does. It would be poorer, less well fed, and billions of people would be generally worse off. 
I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). 
thank my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), and I want to commend 
my colleague and friend, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), for his eloquent and passionate 
It is not just the administration’s efforts here to ratify something and bypass Congress without any input from us, but they are also making laws through agencies, such as the EPA. We are engaged right now in a debate over the Clean Power Plan, which is a reiteration of capandtrade. It is all about regulating greenhouse gases. They have started this process because in 2007, the Supreme Court, in a 5–4 decision, said that the Clean Air Act gave the EPA the authority to regulate greenhouse emissions. Not everyone agrees with that. 
As you see here on the easel, I have 
a quote from former Representative John Dingell. This is what he had to say about the Supreme Court’s decision in EPA v. Massachusetts. He said: 
‘‘Like most members of this committee, I think the Supreme Court came up with a very much erroneous decision on whether the Clean Air Act covers greenhouse gases. Like many of the members of this committee I was present when we wrote that legislation. We thought it was clear enough that we didn’t clarify it, thinking that even the Supreme Court was not stupid enough to make that finding.’’ 
Speaker, that I am in no way making personal references to the members of the Court, particularly the five who voted for that decision. That is Mr. Dingell’s opinion. But I think it is clear that it was never Congress’ intent to allow the EPA to do this. 
The point here is that we have had a 
debate over regulating greenhouse gases. We did that in 2010 in the form of the capandtrade bill. And Congress, with Democrat majorities in both Houses, said ‘‘no.’’ Yet the President is intent on making the United States a party to a legallybinding agreement to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that will have almost no measurable impact on global temperatures. The EPA has 
This is basically a public relations effort to encourage other nations to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. As Mr. ROTHFUS has pointed out, the 
cost on the American economy, and particularly on lowincome families, will be enormous. Also, on singleincome households and senior citizens. 
International Panel on Climate Change, Philip Lloyd, asserted in a new paper that there is strong likelihood that the major portion of observed warming is due to natural variation. If it is due to natural variation, there is little to nothing that we can do about it. 
EPA and other Federal agencies for too long. Is time to stand up and reassert ourselves as the sole body empowered to make law under the Constitution. 
and climate change is not the central issue. This is really about the EPA and this administration usurping the authority of Congress to make a law. 
authority of Congress, and consequently the right of American citizens to representation and the making of our Nation’s laws is being seriously diminished. 
makes the law and is held accountable by the people through elections. The effort to restrain the EPA is more than a policy position on an issue, but a matter of fidelity to the Constitution and the clear separation of powers doctrine that is essential to the successful functioning of our government. 
As the people’s elected Representatives, and I want to emphasize it is elected Representatives, not elected bystanders, it should be one of our top priorities to reassert Congress as the originator of law and reestablish congressional accountability for the regulations issued by Federal agencies, by requiring a vote on the regulations that have a significant impact on the economy. This would have a devastating impact on the economy. By doing so, not only will the economy benefit, but the Representative and accountable government will be restored in the process. 
my friend from Pennsylvania’s resolution to require that the President submit any agreement reached in Paris to the Senate for their advice and consent. 
Let’s take a look at where we are at 
in this debate over energy use and what has been going on in Paris. Again, it always seems to be a onesided conversation about all the negatives and all the dire consequences. I highlighted a few of the examples before of what some of the advocates have been saying, and how their dire predictions did 
granted how easy it is to live with constant access to reliable sources of energy. Our health, indeed our lives, and the lives of those who we love, often depend on our access to reliable energy available to us at every hour, every day. People in the developing world cannot yet say the same. 
There is a powerful story of an unborn child who suffocated in utero in Gambia comes to mind. This tiny, threepound little girl could not be saved, because the hospital did not have access to a reliable source of energy. Her mother required an emergency Csection, but the surgery could not begin until a generator was powered on. Precious minutes were lost, so precious life was lost. Without a reliable, consistent form of energy, the hospital did not even own an incubator, which would have also been necessary to save this baby’s life. 
We cannot forget how important affordable, reliable energy is for every human person, and how attacks on these sources of energy are attacks on life itself. 
rise today to condemn the President’s actions to regulate our power plants and his efforts to commit the United States to such onerous regulations through the United Nations. At no other time in our history has a President been more wrong more times on so may issues that this country is facing today than President Obama, Mr. Speaker. 
attacked from inside our borders and radical Islamists are gaining ground all over the world, this administration is obsessed with climate change? And, he refuses to admit the radical Islam is our enemy? It makes me wonder if he thinks that Syed Farook in English means ‘‘global warming.’’ 
It is clear that he is intent on regulating our Nation’s economy and hurting its citizens instead of focusing on the immediate threat. You can’t make this stuff up, Mr. Speaker. I guess you could say the threat he should be focused on is global swarming. He just doesn’t seem to get it, Mr. Speaker. 
every country abided by its greenhouse gas emissions reduction commitments, temperatures would continue increasing 2.7 to 3.7 degrees Celsius. Without these reductions, temperatures would increase 3.0 to 4.0 degrees Celsius. The difference is miniscule. 
economic or environmental benefits to the President’s unlawful regulatory actions. Instead, the administration’s pledge to the U.N. threatens job creation and economic growth right here in the United States of America. 
According to one independent analysis, the economic cost to Americans 
each year. Electricity prices for consumers in 40 States could increase by at least 10 percent, or more. He has already been quoted during his campaign saying that under his administration, electricity prices would, by necessity, skyrocket. These are his words, not mine. 
war, Mr. Speaker, on lowincome families, and would further increase economic inequality. 
Mr. Speaker, our country is in a crisis. Instead of its foolhardy and unconstitutional plan to regulate our climate, this administration should be focusing on the livelihood and safety of this Nation and Americans. 
around the world who hate the United States and wish to see its demise. There are attacks being planned and plotted even as we speak, Mr. Speaker. Yet this administration claims that that threat is contained and global warming is our main threat. Tell that to the 14 people who were tragically murdered while celebrating Christmas in San Bernardino. 
That is how I see it here in America, 
colleague for doing this very important Special Order. I commend Mr. ROTHFUS  
to talk about. The first thing is that 190 countries are meeting in Paris to negotiate a new international agreement on climate change at the 21st session of the Conference of Parties. 
for Climate Change, President Obama intends to commit the U.S. to giving tens of billions of dollars per year to finance green energy initiatives in developing countries to reduce emissions by 26 to 28 percent below levels by 2025. 
America, wake up. These tens of billions of dollars are coming out of your money. We have seniors that can’t buy health insurance or pay their rent or insurance. We have seniors and other families that are suffering here in America. But yet, the President wants to commit tens of billions of our hardworking American taxpayers’ money, and mine, too, to these other countries. 
The Obama administration has indicated that the President does not intend to submit the Paris agreement to the Senate for its advice and consent as an article II treaty. This is a clear violation of the constitutional laws and ideals of America, and it will not be tolerated. We will hold him accountable. 
more apparent when you start looking at the country level. China, for its part, offered to reach peak carbon dioxide emissions around 2030, while reducing emissions per unit of Gross Domestic Product by 60 to 65 percent by that 
time from its 2005 levels. But the U.S. Government’s Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory has already predicted China’s emissions would peak on their own around 2030, even without climate change initiatives. So they don’t have any skin in the game. 
A Bloomberg analysis found that China’s 60 to 65 percent target is less ambitious than the level it would reach by continuing business as usual. All this came before the country admitted it was burning 17 percent more coal than previously estimated. That is more coal than the entire country of Germany. 
and this administration want to bind America to a United Nations treaty. 
has been blessed with an abundance of energy sources. We should utilize all those sources to the best of our ability—from coal, petroleum, natural gas, solar, wind, hydro electric, and even manmade nuclear energy. We should use those to the best of our and society’s advantage. 
power companies that supply energy to the manufacturers of America that employ the American citizens at the whim of an administration’s green agenda and is paid for on the backs of hardworking American citizens in the way of lost jobs that go overseas because of higher regulations and energy costs, decreased wages because of a decrease in competition in the job market, higher energy costs felt by all of our citizens, but more on the lower end, as has been mentioned here, on the economic income scale because a higher percentage of their money goes to pay their utility bills. 
glaciers—slowly with a persistence that means there is going to be complete annihilation. That is in 1902. 
Professor Schmidt warns us of an encroaching new ice age, 1912. 
Sun’s heat and the southward advances of glaciers in recent years have given rise to the conjectures of the possible advent of a new ice age, 1923 again. 
growing warmer and that it will continue to get warmer, 1929. 
scientists has been wrong over the course of the years. If you look at recent facts, that 2degree Centigrade benchmark that the scientific community says we can’t get warmer than 2 degrees or life on Earth is going to stop to exist as we know it, that is not a scientific number. That is an arbitrary number. I did the research on it. 
That number comes from an economist in 1970 that the environmental community has gravitated to. They 
have used that as a benchmark, and it is a fallacy. 
The Earth’s temperature has increased approximately onehalf of a degree Centigrade over the past 20 to 30 years. This comes from the NASA Web site. I encourage the American people that are watching this to go to the NASA Web site. Look at the facts. 
Also look at that halfadegree Centigrade increase in our temperature in the world. It partly is attributed to the new way they are measuring things today. They are more accurate than they were 20 or 30 years ago. So that is a variation. 
they estimate that over 50 percent of that halfadegree Centigrade increase—over 50 percent of that—comes from solar activity, not manmade or anthropogenic causes. 
do we just not really even look at the causes of these? No. Not at all. 
leaning publications—in fact, I brought one here. I don’t want to call them left leaning, but the article in The Economist has a 14page ‘‘Clear thinking needed’’ on climate change. 
fallacies. One of them was saying the warming in the world is 100 percent by human activity. That is a fallacy. That is false reporting. 
and they say that, with all the wind power that we have put into the world, around the globe, and all the solar activity around the globe, and the massive government programs to supplement these, it has failed to make a dent in the socalled manmade CO2output on a global scale, and it is not reliable. 
renewables, they are not reliable for baseline production, which is needed for national security. 
As I close, I just want to say this: As 
I said, America has been blessed with an abundance of energy sources. So let us, as leaders of this great Nation, make energy policies that are common sense in nature and don’t entangle us, as a Nation, with other nations that cripple us as a Nation not just economically, but they weaken our national security, and they are going to be paid for by all Americans and, again, felt mostly by those that can’t afford it. 
President owes the respect to the American people to go through the people’s House and the Senate to have any agreement binding. 
I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania, and I ask him to continue the good work. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank the gentleman from Florida for his remarks. 
just talk about this word denial that we hear thrown around a lot in this debate. There has been no denial, Mr. 
has enjoyed because of fossil fuel use over the last decades. 
chart here. The benefits are clear. The lower left graph is GDP per person in the world. It has skyrocketed, coincidentally, with the increase of energy use. 
over the last 200 years, again, coincident with increased energy use, access to reliable, clean energy. 
It is no wonder. You consider how energy is deployed. Take water, for example. The tremendous progress that we have made with clean water and pumping stations and ways to pull water in and to clean it, that is all done using fossil fuelbased energy, whether it is coal, gas, oil. There has been a tremendous success over the last 200 years as humanity has looked for energy and used fossil fuelsbased energy products. 
the unelected Federal bureaucrats at EPA had installed today’s regulatory regime in the 19th century, my district and this country would look vastly different. 
has improved the quality of life of people wherever it is available, which is why the Clean Power Plan is so deeply misguided. 
by $289 billion through 2030, fulfilling a promise that the President made in 2008 when he said electricity rates would necessarily skyrocket. 
But minority communities will be especially hardhit. Again, a study from the National Black Chamber of Commerce found that the Clean Power Plan would increase poverty among African Americans by 22 percent and Hispanics by 26 percent. This is not acceptable. 
agenda constrains our energy mix and distorts the market to benefit certain politically favored technologies, regulations that reduce Americans’ access to reliable, affordable energy sources, endangers our grid stability, putting millions at risk of losing power during times of peak demand. 
will avert only two onehundredths of a degree Celsius of warming over the next 85 years. That is less than 2 percent of 1 degree Celsius. It is not a fair tradeoff. 
American energy policy should promote economic growth and prosperity so that we can tackle our debt. This is such an important point, Mr. Speaker. 
When we have these debates and conversations about whether it is going on in Paris, whether it is going on in Congress, and we talk about American energy and coal and gas, nuclear, other forms, it is not all pain, the pain that those who are running around and saying the sky is falling, the sky is falling. Time and again, their predictions have been proved false. 
access to affordable, reliable energy has greatly advanced humanity. And 
humanity can figure it out. We have made tremendous, tremendous progress with the environment over the last 50, 60 years. 
Certainly we have seen that in Western Pennsylvania, and that progress is going to continue. It continues, in part, because we have access to great, reliable, abundant, cheap electricity. Fossil fuels have enabled that progress and will continue to enable that progress. 
changing climate, Mr. Speaker, it is human ingenuity that is going to pull us through, human beings, persons, empowered to live lives freely. 
do with the sea over the last 400 years. Before the advent of all the huge machines that can move dirt around, they have been holding back the sea and building levees and dikes. It has been remarkable what the people of Holland have been able to do, even more so now that we have access to the technologies that we have. 
the world in heavy technology, as we address concerns with rising sea levels. 
doubt the capacity of the human person and human ingenuity to overcome these challenges that may face us. But we can’t be in denial about the fact that fossil fuel energy has been a tremendous boon to humanity. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, we have tremendous challenges—tremendous challenges—ahead in the coming years. We are $18 trillion in debt as a Nation, and we have tens of trillions of dollars in unfunded liability. 
never seen before. With access to cheap, reliable energy, we will be able to pull ourselves out of debt. We will begin to have that renaissance in our economy. 
have. But if we expect to meet those challenges, if we expect to meet the commitments we have made on Social Security for Grandma and Medicare and meet the commitments we have made to our veterans, tens of thousands who have sustained lifechanging injuries over the last 14 years, we need to be growing again. 
have access to abundant, reliable, cheap energy. We know what it has done historically: increasing incomes, lifting people out of poverty, increasing life expectancy, increasing food production, increasing water purity. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the 
don’t propose to take an hour, but I do propose to bring a very important issue before the House and before the American people. Today we had our first opportunity to really move to protect Americans. 
list, which is not easy to get on—there has to be some very specific reason why you could be a threat to American citizens, to the airplane on which you might be traveling, or you might be entering this country for some nefarious reason, like terrorism. 
But if you are on the nofly list and 
you do happen to be in America, you can go to a gun store or to perhaps any fairground where there is a gun show and you can buy a weapon, virtually any gun, an assault weapon, a handgun, a shotgun. 
too dangerous to fly, are you not too dangerous to buy a gun? 
can, indeed, be too dangerous to fly. You could be a threat to the other passengers or to a tower, to an airplane. But, apparently, you are not a threat to buy a gun. 
a very small portion of the American citizenry, that are on the nofly list. Since 9/11 in 2001, more than 2,000 men, probably women, who are too dangerous to fly on the nofly list have been able to purchase guns here in the United States. 
You have been designated by the Department of Homeland Security and the various Federal Government agencies—TSA, FBI, quite possibly the CIA, and others—as being a threat to the security and safety of America and Americans, and you are put on a nofly list, meaning you can’t get on an airplane. 
You are not able to buy a ticket, you 
are not able to travel, and yet you find some way to go down to the local gun store in those States that do not have background checks or maybe a gun show where there are no background checks, you present yourself and say: ‘‘Oh, that is a pretty goodlooking AR– 14. I’d like to have it.’’ 
‘‘Sure, you got the money?’’ ‘‘I got the money.’’ ‘‘Here is the gun.’’ This makes no sense whatsoever. 
Somehow I think the American public gets this. If you are too dangerous to fly, then you are too dangerous to be able to buy a gun in America. It is that simple. There ought to be a law, but there is no law. 
many of us have been trying for, actually, several years to deal with this crazy loophole in our gun safety laws; yet we have been unable to have a bill come to the House floor where 435 of us 
that represent all of the American citizens will have an opportunity to vote on whether we believe that, if you are too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun. 
So today my fellow Democratic representatives and I—about 135 of us thus far—have signed what is known as a discharge petition so that a bipartisan piece of legislation introduced by Representative KINGof New York, who is a 
Republican, could be brought to the floor and all of us face the responsibility of selecting whose side do we stand on. Do we stand for the safety of Americans and prevent people that are too dangerous to fly from being able to buy a gun, or do we stand with those on the nofly list that are presumably dangerous and say: ‘‘Oh, yeah, you ought to be able to buy a gun even though you are too dangerous to fly’’? 
there, all of you, voters and nonvoters, don’t you think it is time for your Representatives, 435 of us, to stand before you in this House and say: ‘‘We agree that if you are too dangerous to fly, then you are too dangerous to buy a gun, and you cannot buy a gun,’’ or stand here before all the American public and say: ‘‘No, no, no. If you are too dangerous to fly, go ahead and buy a gun’’? 
So, Mr. Speaker, that is what a discharge petition will do. It will take our Republican friend’s bill, Mr. KINGof 
New York, bring it to the floor and put the issue before your Representatives, before the representatives of the American people, and cause us to make a choice for your safety or for the presumed right of a person who is too dangerous to fly to be able to buy a gun. It is pretty simple stuff. We will see what happens. 
here on the floor. Today there were four motions to adjourn, which is a way of disrupting the normal procedures of the House—which are terribly abnormal to begin with—and causing the attention of the membership of the House and the press from the press box, or wherever they happen to be, to focus on this one—one—issue: whether those 16,000 or so people that are on the no fly list can also go out and buy a gun. Two thousand already have. 
quickly discuss this issue of, well, there is a constitutional issue here, an issue in which these people are on a list but they have no ability to get off—no. Not so. Not so. When the nofly list was first put together following 9/11, the issue was raised of the constitutionality of it by the American Civil Liberties Organization. It went to a Federal court, and the Federal court said: No, we disagree with you. We believe this is a constitutionally authorized protection of the American public, and there is a procedure for an individual to petition to get off the list. So this issue of constitutionality was decided some years ago by a Federal court. So, Mr. Speaker, the arguments that 
you will undoubtedly hear here about this being, oh, an infringement of the constitutional right for an individual to buy a gun, no. This issue has already been resolved. If you are on the nofly list and you think you shouldn’t be there, you have got a procedure, a program underway and available to you to remove yourself from the nofly list, and the court said it meets constitutional muster. 
a lot of Americans of certain classes that cannot buy a gun: criminals, convicted felons, people that in some States have been involved in domestic violence, and people that have exhibited mental health issues. Those people are barred in many cases from not being able to buy a gun. So we would add to that category people that our law enforcement agencies have deemed to be dangerous, quite possibly terrorists, or abiding and assisting terrorist organizations. If you can’t fly, we just simply say that you can’t buy a gun also—pretty simple. 
is correct. The issue is not resolved. The issue will be back before us tomorrow, the 9th day of December, for those of us that believe that if you are too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun. Those of us that believe this to be the right policy will continue to push this issue for the safety of Americans. 
able to buy a gun if this becomes law, and that is a good thing, because we know already 2,000 people that are on that nofly list—actually, more than 2,000—have been able to buy a gun. What did they do with it? Well, maybe they went out and shot quail, or maybe—we pray not, but we don’t know, do we? 
us, as are many, many important issues, but I don’t think there is any issue more important than the safety of the American people. We know that if somebody is thought to be dangerous, then they ought not have a gun. 
will see the wisdom of taking a small step and denying some 16,000 people, many of whom are probably not even American citizens, the opportunity to buy a gun. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) 
has been so much in the news, and our friends here on the floor have been raising questions about responsible, reasonable gun control. We want gun control that does not violate the Second Amendment of the Constitution, the purpose of which is to allow citizens to protect themselves. It is not just for hunting, but to allow citizens to protect themselves. 
The thing that I noticed, Mr. Speaker, in my decade as a judge, the criminals that came before me for crimes involving a gun, I can’t remember any of them—I think I handled around 6,000 felony cases that went through our court. I can’t remember any where they went down to a gun store and bought a gun. They stole them or they bought them from other criminals. With the 100 million guns that I understand have been purchased in recent years, it doesn’t look like there will be 
any chance to remove guns from anyone except lawabiding citizens. 
We inquired, my Republican friends, my colleagues here, we inquired over and over, and still 7 years after President Obama took office, we know that shortly thereafter there was a scheme hatched within his administration to sell guns to criminals that would get to Mexico and fall into the hands of drug cartels. They didn’t adequately monitor them. There was nothing put on the guns so they could be traced exactly where they were going. We know one of them was used to kill one of our own government agents. So whether it was intentional, reckless disregard for an American Government agent’s life who was working for the President to have one of the President’s subsidiaries or employees provide guns in such a way that they would end up killing one American agent and, apparently, hundreds of Mexicans—and we don’t even know the full extent because we can’t get answers from this administration. 
evidence. He refused to provide information. I felt like he should have been impeached and thrown out of office. We never got answers about Fast and Furious, but we did see emails where, within this administration, even after they got caught, that this administration had facilitated weapons being provided and sold to people who would take them to the drug cartels of Mexico. Even after they got caught, they were still wondering if it might be possible to use the fact that these guns were being used to create violence to justify attacks on the Second Amendment and taking away Americans’ gun rights. 
month for the sale of guns; and apparently, Black Friday, in the past week, has been a record for—not a record, but just a massive number of guns being sold. I believe I saw there were 185,000 requests for gun purchases on Friday after Thanksgiving. Regardless of what the number was—that is not completely accurate—it is staggering. How many people are now in fear for themselves and their families because of the policies of this administration? 
how there were people in the administration that were contemplating the 
administration facilitated as a reason to have more gun control, it does make you question the motivation of some of the administration’s policies. We know that, especially in the last 5 years of George W. Bush’s Presidency, his administration was vigorously prosecuting gun violations. But in 7 years, this administration has never prosecuted as vigorously as the Bush administration did in those times. Then we find out that not only were they not prosecuting as vigorously as they did in those last 5 years of the Bush administration, but in recent years, they have been cutting back on the prosecution of gun violations. 
So we find out that, in 2013, gun violation prosecutions by this administration diminished. Then we find out that in 2014, they diminished even further by this administration. Then we find out that in 2015, this administration set a record for the last 7 years of prosecuting fewer gun violation crimes than any administration—well, this was the lowest year, this year, any of his last 7 years. 
as they have increased the demand for more gun control to take guns away from lawabiding citizens, they have been decreasing the number of gun violations they have prosecuted. In the wake of this administration’s involvement in Fast and Furious and trying to use it to promote more gun control on lawabiding citizens, it makes you wonder what is the reason this administration continues to prosecute fewer and fewer gun crimes? 
am not saying, Mr. Parliamentarian, through the Speaker, I am not saying a specific person or the President. I am not violating the House rules. But I am saying this administration in bulk, which doesn’t violate the House rules, somehow has had this policy of prosecuting fewer and fewer gun crimes at the same time they are increasing rhetoric to have more gun control. It is as if—and I am not alleging; I am just saying. It is as if they wanted gun violence to increase so that they could get more gun control, as it appears their motivation was in using what happened with gun violence as a result of the 2,000 weapons they forced gun dealers to sell to people they shouldn’t have. 
gee, nobody who is on the nofly list, can’t even fly on a plane, should be able to go buy a gun, seemed reasonable. I was talking to my friend, TOM 
Mr. Speaker, and he said the same thing, well, that seems reasonable, until you start considering how one gets on the nofly list, who has been on the nofly list, the massive abuses of individual constitutional rights by this administration, the abuses of the IRS of lawabiding citizens that Richard Nixon could have only dreamed of abusing the way this administration 
process for someone to be adjudicated to put on the nofly list. There is no due process to get off the nofly list. And, in fact, one of the men I respect as much as anybody I know—he is a constituent; he is an Army veteran; he is a retired general, lives in east Texas—we have had to help him a number of times, once again, to get off the nofly list. 
find out why he is ever put on the no fly list in the first place. The only thing I know, he is a devout Christian. He is a supporter of mine. He would never knowingly violate the law of the United States. 
So, I don’t know. Is it because he is 
a supporter of mine? I mean, a year ago, I was trying to fly back from London and an official there in London airport with their security said: Sir, I understand you are very sorry, but your homeland security says you are somebody that has to be personally, physically searched along with everything that you have. 
But when you know that this administration has abused its power repeatedly and you find out that actually the nofly list is so obscure, it is like something from a Kafka novel. I never really enjoyed his novels. But the trial, it makes you think of, wow, you mean this obscure government entity can charge you with something, but you can’t—just like in a trial, you can’t find out what you are charged with. You can’t find out why you are on the nofly list. You can’t find out if it is part of an enemies list. You can’t find out what is the best way to convince the government to get you off. 
Mr. Speaker, could it be that a mistake was made when one of my constituent families from Lufkin was going to take their dream vacation to Disney World? They felt like the kids were old enough to enjoy it now. And when they tried to check their bags, they couldn’t because, of their five children, their middle child was on the nofly list. He was a potential terrorist. 
kids, and if I was going to pick one of my siblings, including me, to be a terrorist, I would say it is probably the young one. Well, this child was 5 years old. He was the middle child, not the youngest. They pulled him aside thinking: Well, gee, his name is on the nofly list. He must be a terrorist. 
had some common sense and quickly figured out this is not a terrorist; this 5yearold kid. He is not. Not so when they tried to leave Orlando to fly back home. He was pulled aside, the 5year 
old. He was separated from his parents. His parents were fit to be tied. They were threatened. They were not allowed to be with their child. They take him off to interrogate 
him, a 5yearold child; but he is on the nofly list, and they couldn’t figure this out. They think he is a terrorist. They ask him his date of birth. He is freaking out. He is separated from his parents and his other siblings. He knows the month and day. He can’t tell them the year. So now they think he is withholding information. 
nightmares because of the abuses of this administration’s policies. And yes, mistakes are made like that; and sometimes when people’s names get put on the nofly list, you don’t know what it is for. 
read from these folks very often, but the Los Angeles Times says: 
‘‘It seems simple enough: If the Federal Government, based on intelligence or policing, puts a person on its watch list of suspected terrorists or decrees that he or she is too dangerous to be allowed on an airplane, then surely it would also be foolish to let that person buy a firearm in the United States. Makes sense, doesn’t it?’’ 
It goes on down: ‘‘One problem is that the people on 
the nofly list, as well as the broader terror watch list from which it is drawn, have not been convicted of doing anything wrong. They are merely suspected of having terror connections.’’ 
I thought it was outrageous that Senator Ted Kennedy was on the nofly list. I don’t know. Maybe Homeland Security knew something the rest of America didn’t know, but it seemed silly to me. Senator Ted Stevens, the late Senator’s wife, Catherine Stevens, her name was on the nofly list. She had those problems. 
So it could be that you are guilty of 
only having a name similar to somebody that was put on the list for who knows why. But that is not a good way to take people’s guns away, to say: Yes, we want to pass a law so that this administration, behind closed doors, with the lowest learners of this administration, can put people’s name on the list that can never buy a gun, can never fly on a plane. That is a scary proposition. 
Homeland Security employees that are on the nofly list? And then we find out also, thanks to Senator JEFFSESSIONS , 
that we have had two—two—refugees in this country who, this year, have been either charged or convicted of terrorist activities. One worked around O’Hare airport and another one worked around here, I believe, as a cab driver working around Reagan airport. How about we take care of the people that we know for sure are a threat to America? 
Anyway, the article from The Washington Times says: ‘‘According to the technology website TechDirt.com, 40 percent of those on the FBI’s watch 
list—about 280,000 people—are considered to have no affiliation with recognized terrorist groups. All it takes is for the government to declare it has ’reasonable suspicion’ that someone could be a terrorist. There is no hard evidence required, and the standard is notoriously vague and elastic.’’ 
Free Beacon, about the 72 employees. A tip of the hat to Congressman STEPHEN  
Breitbart, ‘‘California Shooting Shows Jihad Risk From Muslim Migrants’ U.S.Born Children’’: 
killed 14 Americans is yet another name on the growing list of U.S.born children of Muslim migrants who grew up to embrace violent jihad.’’ 
most notorious example was Anwar al Awlaki, born in New Mexico in 1971 to accomplished, professionalclass Yemeni parents. He subsequently embraced the violent commandments of Islam, complete with its many calls for attacks on kaffirs, or nonMuslims. His career as a jihadi adviser, recruiter cheerleader ended when he was killed by a U.S. missile strike in Yemen in September 2011. 
Hasan, the Virginiaborn son of Arab migrants, who murdered 13 Americans in Fort Hood, Texas, in 2009. That attack was downplayed by Federal officials as ‘workplace violence,’ even though Hasan had described himself as a ‘Soldier of Allah’ on his U.S. Army business cards . . . The problem is worse among Muslims, because Muslim culture and religion is hostile to integration, Spencer says. ‘Islamic law announces itself as a superior model for society and government so you’ve got no communitydriven reason for Muslims to integrate or adopt American values, because their way is better,’ he said.’’ 
Now, that is what Spencer says. But I do know Muslims here in the 
United States that don’t believe that they should adopt sharia law. I have got Muslim friends in Afghanistan and all over North Africa and the Middle East. They don’t want radical Islam. And, in fact, in Egypt—so proud of the people of Egypt—they rose up and said: We don’t want radical Islam. Of course, this President, this administration, wants to punish them for throwing out the Muslim Brother president. 
U.S.born son of a supposedly moderate Imam as he began his journey to join ISIS in Syria. Mohammad Oda Dakhlalla was accompanied by his young, universityeducated American wife, who was a convert to Islam. ‘That is the quintessential example of the risks involved because the father is supposed to be a moderate and we’re supposed to think the son subscribes to 
a violent Islam completely different from the father . . . but there is no evidence of a rift between father and son,’ Spencer said. 
‘‘In October 2014, two U.S.born teenage girls were nabbed by the FBI as they began their journey to Syria. 
Law Center lists at least five additional U.S.born jihadis, or wouldbe jihadis, at its site, including James Elshafay who tried to detonate a bomb in 2004, Ehsanul Sadequee, Tarek Mehanna, Walli Mujahidh—his family name comes from the Arab term for ‘Holy Warrior’—and Naser Jason Abdo, who planned to attack Fort Hood in 2011.’’ 
So I also would like a tip of the hat, 
Mr. Speaker, to Secretary Jeh Johnson that went back out to the All Dulles Area Muslim Society, ADAMS for short. I am sure John Adams appreciates that very much. I don’t know if the President’s friend, Imam Magid— oh, wait. Let’s see. Well, this article mentions him. 
‘‘One of the ‘most meaningful discussions’ on his ‘tour’’’—talking about Jeh Johnson—‘‘he called it, was in June with the ADAMS Center imam, which began with a Boy Scout Troop leading meeting participants in the Pledge of Allegiance. That imam, Mohamed Magid, is a past president of the Islamic Society of North America, an organization linked to the Holy Land Foundation in its terrorfinancing trial and to the Muslim Brotherhood.’’ 
And, by the way, it was listed as a co 
conspirator in the Holy Land Foundation trial for supporting terrorism. And once they got the convictions of the five main people being prosecuted, 
ISNA, CAIR, and some other folks tried to get their names withdrawn from the pleadings being specifically named as coconspirators in support of terrorism. But the Federal district judge and also the U.S. Federal Court of Appeals, Fifth Circuit, said: No, there is plenty of evidence to support that you are co conspirators in supporting terrorism. 
I was told by a lawyer that the plan 
was, once they got those first five convictions, they would go after ISNA, Imam Magid, and all of these other people. Fortunately, for Imam Magid and ISNA and CAIR and all of these groups, President Obama got elected, and Eric Holder immediately made clear that nobody was going to prosecute the rest of those named coconspirators in supporting terrorism. 
today from The Washington Times that reads: ‘‘Huma Abedin taunts Donald Trump: ‘I’m a proud Muslim.’’’ 
‘‘Huma Abedin, the longtime confident to Democratic Presidential front runner Hillary Clinton, took aim at Donald Trump’s proposal to ban Muslims from entering the United States in an email with the subject line: ‘I’m a proud Muslim.’ ‘‘‘Donald Trump is leading in every 
national poll to be the Republican nominee for President; and earlier today, he released his latest policy proposal: to ban all Muslims from entering our country,’ wrote Ms. Abedin—’’or Ms. Weiner, anyway ‘‘—in an email Monday evening to Mrs. Clinton’s supporters. ‘I’m a proud Muslim, but you don’t have to share my faith to share my disgust. Trump wants to literally write racism into our law books. His Islamophobia doesn’t reflect our Nation’s values.’’’ 
by Andrew McCarthy in which he talks about Senator JOHN MCCAIN’s claim 
that concerns about Huma Abedin are smearbased on a few unspecified, unsubstantiated associations. 
and three others signed letters in which we just said, Here are some things we know. Would you do an investigation to see the extent of the Muslim Brotherhood’s influence in your department? There were five different departments that had five different specific letters, and there were not any vague allegations. We just said, We know these things are true. Would you investigate? 
We come to find out a lot in this article, which reads: 
three family members: her late father, her mother, and her brother, connected to Muslim Brotherhood operatives and/ or organizations.’ 
herself, is directly connected to Abdullah Omar Naseef, a major Muslim Brotherhood figure.’’ 
Brotherhood has been named as a terrorist organization by both Egypt and the UAE. They have asked officials in both of those countries when I have been over there: Why do you not recognize that the Muslim Brotherhood has been at war with you since 1979? You keep helping them. You have got people advising the President. They are all Muslim Brothers. Why do you keep doing that? I don’t have an answer for them. 
The article goes on: ‘‘It turns out Abedin, herself, is directly connected to Abdullah Omar Naseef, a major Muslim Brotherhood figure involved in the financing of al Qaeda. Abedin worked for a number of years at the Institute for Muslim Minority Affairs as assistant editor of its journal. The IMMA was founded by Naseef, who remained active in it for decades, overlapping for several years 
with Abedin. Naseef was also secretary general of the Muslim World League in Saudi Arabia, perhaps the most significant Muslim Brotherhood organization in the world. In that connection, he founded the Rabita Trust, which is formally designated as a foreign terrorist organization under American law due to its support of al Qaeda. 
there,’’ but he doesn’t. It goes on. Further down, it reads: 
you even start probing the extensive, disturbing Brotherhood ties of her family members, Huma Abedin should have been ineligible for any significant government position based on her own personal and longstanding connection to Naseef’s organization. 
‘‘Specifically, Ms. Abedin was affiliated with the Institute of Muslim Minority Affairs, where she was assistant editor of the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs. The journal was the IMMA’s raison d’etre. Abedin held the position of assistant editor from 1996 through 2008, from when she began working as an intern in the Clinton White House until shortly before she took her current position as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s Deputy Chief of Staff.’’ 
1970s by Abdullah Omar Naseef, who was then the vice president of the prestigious King Abdulaziz University in Saudi Arabia.’’ 
It goes on to talk about all of his ties 
with civilization jihad and with the Muslim World League, over which he presided and with whom Huma Abedin had this relationship in this publication for all of those years that she worked with Hillary Clinton. 
the ‘civilization jihad’—the Brotherhood’s commitment to destroy the West from within and to ‘conquer’ it by sharia proselytism, or dawa, as Sheikh Yusuf Qaradawi, the Brotherhood’s top sharia jurist, puts it. 
League has a long history of deep involvement in violent jihad as well.’’ 
‘‘‘Spinning up as we speak’: Email shows Pentagon was ready to roll as Benghazi attack occurred.’’ 
military. The email shows they were ready to go help our people in Benghazi. Somebody stopped them. Was that advice Huma Abedin gave to Secretary Clinton? We don’t know. Was this advice that reached the President? We don’t know. We don’t know whether he went to bed and said, ‘‘You take care of it,’’ or whether he went next door, like was reported, until Osama bin Laden was taken out. He went in the next room and didn’t watch and played cards. We don’t know what they were doing. 
‘‘The ISIS Trail of Death’’ goes on to point out all that ISIS is doing. We know there are 1,000 cases being investigated right here. 
of all Muslims in the United States, we have got Muslim friends here in the House, but we do need to take a look to see whether people want to replace our U.S. Constitution with sharia law. We need to take a harder look at who we allow to come into this country and have a child who they will take back to Yemen, or wherever, to teach their 
we know Americans have died because we have allowed this to happen. They come back as American citizens whenever they want, and it gets so bad that even President Obama has to take out an American citizen, who was born here, to parents who trained him to hate America after they went back to Yemen. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, December 9, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3697. A letter from the Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Foreign Supplier Verification Programs for 
Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting a notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of 
3715. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s Semiannual Report to Congress on Audit Followup for the period ending September 30, 2015, pursuant to μ5 U.S.C. app. 
General, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s 2014 Annual Report of the National Institute of Justice, pursuant to Public Law 90351 and Public Law 107296; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3578. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to strengthen and make improvements to the Directorate of Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–372). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 974. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to promulgate regulations to allow the use of handpropelled vessels on certain rivers and streams that flow in and through certain Federal lands in Yellowstone National Park, Grand Teton National Park, the John D. Rockefeller, Jr. Memorial Parkway, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1452. A bill to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance (Rept. 114–374). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 556. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2130) to provide legal certainty to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–375). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. 
TIPTON , Mr. B LUM, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. K EATING , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mrs. E LLMERS of 
H.R. 4185. A bill to make adjustments, including by amending title XVIII of the Social Security Act, relating to competitive bidding program and durable medical equipment under the Medicare program, to amend such title to establish a DMEPOS market pricing program demonstration project, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4186. A bill to add support of a foreign 
terrorist organization to the list of acts for which United States nationals would lose their nationality, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
PALLONE , Mr. R USH, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S ARBANES , 
who collect and maintain personal information of individuals to secure such information and to provide notice to such individuals in the case of a breach of security involving such information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 4188. A bill to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 4189. A bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to require congressional approval of rescissions of determinations of countries as state sponsors of terrorism and waivers of prohibitions on assistance to state sponsors of terrorism under that Act; to the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4190. A bill to promote innovation, investment, and economic growth by accelerating spectrum efficiency through a challenge prize competition; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
that enables collegebound residents of the United States Virgin Islands to have greater 
choices among institutions of higher education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. RANGEL, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. N EAL, and 
H.R. 4192. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the valuation rule applicable to the early termination of certain charitable remainder unitrusts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
of an existing hydroelectric project; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
establishment of the Congressional Patriot Award and congratulating the first award recipients, Sam Johnson and John Lewis, for their patriotism and selfless service to the country; to the Committee on House Administration. 
ADAMS , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B ERA, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APUANO, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
of New York, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , 
Ms. E STY, Mr. F ARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K EATING , 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K IND, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
of Connecticut, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. LEE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T ED 
Mexico, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MCNERNEY , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. M OULTON , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. N EAL, Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. 
PETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Miss R ICE 
of New York, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Ms. 
Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S IRES, Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. 
Mr. T AKAI, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMP SON of California, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. C ASTROof Texas, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. H OYER , Mr. 
LYNCH , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. H ANNA , 
Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
H. Res. 558. A resolution condemning violence that targets healthcare for women; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4185. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Consistent with the understanding and interpretation of the Commerce Clause, Congress has the authority to enact this legislation in accordance with Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 4186. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4187. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4188. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and 
Tribes) and Clause 14 (to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces). 
H.R. 4189. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations . . . 
H.R. 4190. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4191. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Welfare Clause) 
H.R. 4192. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4193. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article 1, 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 158: Mr. R OYCE , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  
H.R. 224: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. 
Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 539: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. E DDIE 
H.R. 592: Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. S EWELL of 
H.R. 731: Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, and Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 793: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Ms. S EWELL  
H.R. 911: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Mrs. L UMMIS. 
H.R. 921: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
H.R. 1002: Ms. R OSLEHTINEN and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1076: Ms. M ENG, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. S INEMA , Mrs. C APPS , Ms. C LARK of 
of New York, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. SIRES, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
TORRES , Ms. H AHN, Mr. L YNCH , Ms. A DAMS , 
Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. 
H.R. 1283: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 1457: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 1571: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
H.R. 1655: Mr. C UELLAR and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1733: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. 
H.R. 1854: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1901: Mr. S ESSIONS and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 2264: Mr. C ARNEY and Ms. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 2449: Ms. E STY, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C APUANO , 
H.R. 2515: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mexico, Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. R YAN of Ohio and Mr. 
H.R. 2799: Mr. R UIZand Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2880: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Ms. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. C LAY, Mrs. D INGELL , and Ms. 
H.R. 2908: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 3036: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
LANCE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. S TIVERS . 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 3099: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. B EN 
H.R. 3119: Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 3164: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 3229: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. B LUM, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. C ROWLEY , and 
H.R. 3455: Mr. C ROWLEY and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. G RIFFITH, Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. T HORNBERRY . 
H.R. 3532: Mr. R OKITA and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 3654: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
ROSS, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 3706: Mr. D ENT, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
H.R. 3742: Mr. R IGELL , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 3785: Ms. D ELAURO and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 3872: Ms. L EE, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and 
SIRES, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 3940: Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
H.R. 3944: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 4029: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. F ORTEN BERRY . 
H.R. 4063: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 4087: Mrs. D INGELL and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 4113: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. C ARNEY , and Mr. 
H.R. 4144: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.J. Res. 47: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. M OULTON , 
H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. L UCAS , Mrs. H ARTZLER , 
H. Con. Res. 99: Mr. A DERHOLT and Mr. 
H. Res. 265: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. 
DINGELL , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. C OSTELLO of 
H. Res. 346: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mr. M EADOWS. 
NUGENT . H. Res. 536: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, and Mr. C ASTROof Texas. 
H. Res. 549: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. C ARNEY , and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H. Res. 551: Mr. D EUTCH and Mrs. W AGNER . CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8445 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 2015 No. 177 