Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize the El Dorado Springs Chamber of Commerce, which was honored among the 200 local chambers as the 2016 Missouri Small Chamber of Commerce of the Year. The title is much deserved as the El Dorado Springs Chamber of Commerce, under Executive Director Jackson Tough, has been a leader in promoting economic development, community service, and tourism in the area. I am honored to represent this distinguished organization. With around 125 members, the chamber has created a number of initiatives to better its community, including the ‘‘CleanUp ElDo Mo’’ project to keep the city pristine, a youth scholarship fund to make sure tomorrow’s leaders have the opportunities they need today, and a social media initiative ‘‘Be in the Know about ElDo Mo’’ to raise awareness about this wonderful city and its residents. Communities like El Dorado Springs are the foundation of Missouri and our way of life. Thanks to the hard work and dedication of these chamber leaders, we continue to sustain and strengthen our communities. I applaud the chamber’s work to grow and sustain its community, recognizing its specific assets and opportunities, and I congratulate the chamber on all its accomplishments. f 
CONGRATULATING NEW DEMOCRAT COALITION LEADERSHIP (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the newly elected leadership of the New Democrat Coalition. Our new chair, JIMHIMES, and newly elected cochairs, JARED POLIS, SUZAN  DELBENE, TERRI SEWELL , and D EREK  KILMER , are strong, bipartisan pro growth leaders. They bring the vision and experience to guide the New Democrat Coalition in the 115th Congress. New Dems are pragmatic leaders who stand up for working families and work across the aisle to expand economic opportunity. They are focused on creating jobs and building an economy that leaves no one behind, a mission that will not change under the next administration. I am eager to work with our new leadership—and our 54 members—as we continue to make the New Democrat Coalition the home for strong civil rights and sensible, bipartisan, pro growth policy in Congress. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 795) to enhance whistleblower protection for contractor and grantee employees. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 795 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ENHANCEMENT OF WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION FOR CONTRACTOR AND GRANTEE EMPLOYEES. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bill, S. 795, a bill to enhance whistleblower protection for contractor and grantee employees. It is a bill with good bipartisan support in both Chambers of Congress. I really do applaud and thank, in particular, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ), the ranking member on our committee, who has helped champion this and point this out and lead our efforts in the House on this. In the House, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform considered an identical bill, the Whistleblower Protections for Contractors Act, introduced by Ranking Member CUMMINGS and myself, and the committee reported this legislation by unanimous consent. In the Senate, it has been Senators MCCASKILL and R ON JOHNSON who have worked arm in arm on this and are also very supportive of it. Today we bring up the Senate version of this bill to expedite its approval to get this bill to the President’s desk. As you know, Mr. Speaker, whistleblowers are invaluable to the oversight work of Congress. We rely on people who are on the front lines seeing things as they truly are to provide information and blow the whistle when they see something going awry. They are one of our best sources of information about waste, fraud, and abuse within the Federal Government. As an institution, we should try to do everything we can to encourage them to come and speak with us, and when they do, to make sure that they have the proper and adequate protections. That is exactly what this bill does, by recognizing that not all whistleblowers are Federal employees. We have robust Federal recognition and whistleblower protection for Federal employees, and we believe that contractors and others should have that as well. It makes permanent a successful pilot program that extended whistleblower protections to civilian contractor and grantee employees. It also ensures whistleblower protections are extended to subgrantees and personal services contractors for both defense and civilian contractors. It is important because the Federal Government 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
APOLLO 11 50TH ANNIVERSARY COMMEMORATIVE COIN ACT Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2726) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the Moon, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2726 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Apollo 11 50th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2726, the Apollo 11 50th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act, which I introduced, along with my colleague from Florida, Congresswoman FREDERICA WILSON . This has been a truly bipartisan endeavor, with 298 total cosponsors. In 1961, President John F. Kennedy challenged the Nation with the following words: ‘‘We choose to go to the Moon. We choose to go to the Moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win. . . . ‘’ That famous speech launched the Apollo program but, more importantly, it galvanized our Nation and united us into accomplishing perhaps the greatest technological achievement in human history, and it was truly a national undertaking. An estimated 400,000 men and women from across the United States contributed to the effort. Components of the Saturn V rocket, command and service module, lunar landing module, and other critical parts were literally manufactured from every State in the Union—from Huntsville, Alabama, to Seal Beach, California; New Orleans, Louisiana, to Cedar Rapids, Iowa; and everywhere in between. On July 16, 1969, a mere 8 years after the first American, Alan Shepard, traveled into space, a Saturn V rocket blasted off from Merritt Island, Florida, and raced to the Moon. Four days later, astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on the lunar surface as Michael Collins stood watch. This legislation commemorates our Nation’s commitment to space exploration, our pioneering spirit, and our unmatched ingenuity. The United States’ leadership in space exploration has benefited our country’s national security and economy, strengthened our international relationships, advanced scientific discovery and technology, and vastly improved life here on Earth for practically everyone. American space exploration continues to inspire our next generation of pioneers and innovators. As such, we were deliberate in our efforts to ensure that the sale of these coins would support efforts to grow the next generation of space explorers while also honoring the courage and sacrifice of NASA astronauts lost in the line of duty. This legislation would authorize the minting and sale in 2019 of a limited number of gold, silver, and clad coins in commemoration of the Apollo 11 mission. The coins would be domed, with the reverse featuring a representation of a spacesuit visor similar to the famous Buzz Aldrin on the Moon photograph. After all taxpayer costs are satisfied, surcharges on the sales price of the coins will fund college scholarships for our future scientists, engineers, and astronauts, support educational initiatives that promote space exploration, honor astronauts who have fallen in the line of duty, and memorialize this historical event through a stimulating new museum exhibit. Mr. Speaker, July 20, 2019, will mark the 50th anniversary of the landing of the Eagle lunar module on the Moon’s surface. We remain the only country that has ever landed humans on the Moon and returned them safely to Earth. b1645 This commemorative coin will celebrate what I feel is the most aweinspiring engineering and technological deed of the 20th century. I urge its immediate support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 5, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING : I am writing with respect to H.R. 2726, the ‘‘Apollo 11 50th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act.’’ This bill contains provisions within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means. The Committee on Ways and Means will not seek a sequential referral on H.R. 2726 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the jurisdictional interests of the Committee on Ways and Means over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 2726 and requests your support when such a request is made. I would appreciate your response confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2726 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, December 5, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your December 5th letter regarding H.R. 2726, the ‘‘Apollo 11 50th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act.’’ I am most appreciative of your decision to forego action on H.R. 2726 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving action on the bill, the Committee on Ways and Means is in no way waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. Finally, I shall be pleased to include your letter and this letter on H.R. 2726 in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the same. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, November 29, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING : I am writing concerning H.R. 2726, the Apollo 11: 50th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act, which the House is expected to consider the week of December 5th. Section 9 of the bill includes budgetary compliance language, which falls under the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Budget. It is my understanding that this language will be removed from the bill prior to House consideration. In order to expedite House consideration of H.R. 2726, the Committee will forgo action on the bill. This is being done with the understanding that it does not in any way prejudice the Committee with respect its jurisdictional prerogatives on this or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter, confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2726 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration. Sincerely, TOMPRICE, M.D., Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, November 30, 2016. Hon. TOMPRICE, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN PRICE: Thank you for your November 30th letter regarding H.R. 2726, the ‘‘Apollo 11 50th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act,’’ I am most appreciative of your decision to forego action on H.R. 2726 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving action on the bill, the Committee on the Budget is in no way waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. Finally, I shall he pleased to include your letter and this letter on H.R. 2726 in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the same. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in favor of H.R. 2726, legislation that will authorize the issuance of gold, silver, and clad coins in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the first time in history that mankind successfully completed a crewed lunar landing. The Apollo 11 mission was a momentous occasion in its own right, but it was also a bittersweet achievement, as it also served as a reminder of the first Apollo mission, whose courage we will never forget. I am pleased that, in addition to honoring the Apollo 11 crew, the legislation before us today also recognizes the estimated 400,000 Americans who contributed to make possible the Apollo 11 mission. By calling on the Treasury Department to mint and issue coins in honor of Apollo 11, I hope that we will continue to remind all Americans of the boundlessness of what can be achieved when we set our sights high and, quite literally, aim for the Moon. I also hope the coin minted as part of this legislation will show our young people just how exciting the fields of science, mathematics, and engineering can be and how critical they are to building a brighter future for all. By ensuring that a quarter of the proceeds raised will be made available to the Astronaut Scholarship Foundation to make college scholarships available for students pursuing degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, the legislation before us will make one step towards opening up these fields to our best and brightest. The remaining surcharges associated with the sale of the coins will go towards the Smithsonian Institution’s National Air and Space Museum’s Destination Moon exhibit and be provided to the Astronauts Memorial Foundation for maintenance of the memorial and to further educational initiatives. For these reasons, I hope all Members will support the legislation before us. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON), who has been a champion for this important legislation. Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my full support for the passage of H.R. 2726, the Apollo 11 50th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act. I want to thank my longtime friend and Florida colleague, Representative POSEY , for his outstanding leadership as the sponsor of this bill. I am proud to have worked very closely with him to build bipartisan support for this legislation. I also want to thank Speaker RYAN, Chairman H ENSARLING , Ranking Member WATERS , and the Financial Services Committee for their work to bring this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today authorizes the minting and distribution of commemorative coins to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the first manned lunar landing mission, Apollo 11. These coins will honor Apollo 11 crew members, Michael Collins, Buzz Aldrin, and Neil Armstrong; NASA scientists, engineers, and astronauts; and the other 400,000 Americans who made the mission possible. Surcharges from the sale of these coins will further our commitment to promote STEM education, space exploration, and science discovery. It will honor astronauts who lost their lives in service of our country and support the Destination Moon exhibit, which will feature exciting Apollo 11 artifacts. As a former elementary school principal and leading advocate for STEM education, I am very happy that this bill supports college scholarships for future scientists, engineers, and astronauts. Mr. Speaker, the Apollo 11 mission is a testament to our values as Americans. The mission’s success reminded the world of our commitment to hard work, determination, and patriotism. When many questioned whether we could rise to the challenge of putting a man on the Moon within a decade, we came together, worked our hardest, and achieved this daunting task in just 8 years. We left the world in awe and wonder. When our astronauts were 4 miles past the designated landing spot and mission control told them that they had just 60 seconds of fuel left before the landing would have to be aborted, they did not panic. With unrelenting resolve, they managed to land on the Moon with only 17 seconds to spare. When Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong planted our flag on the Moon, millions of Americans felt a sense of pride that was exhilarating and inspiring. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. WILSON of Florida. As Members of Congress, we should look to Apollo 11 as inspiration as we work to tackle challenges that seem unsurmountable. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in voting for this bipartisan legislation, which has 298 cosponsors and the support of Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins, Apollo 11’s two surviving astronauts. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, basically, I will say that it is an honor for me to support this bill and this legislation. I ask all my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, we owe a debt of gratitude to the brave astronauts of the Apollo program, some of whom made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty. We are beholden to the hundreds of thousands of men and women who, when challenged to go to the Moon in this decade, accepted the challenge with a passion and a resolve that accomplished that which was thought unachievable. I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership and support of this legislation. Of course, finally, I want to express my sincere gratitude to my longtime friend and colleague from Florida, (Ms. WILSON ), for her staunch support and tireless efforts to ensure that this remarkable achievement is commemorated. Mr. Speaker, we have one opportunity to celebrate this historical event with a commemorative coin. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. 
POSEY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2726, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CREATING FINANCIAL PROSPERITY FOR BUSINESSES AND INVESTORS ACT Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6427) to improve the operation of United States capital markets, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6427 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
you know, the number of folks who now hold so much wealth. Yet, if you take a step backwards and look at the way we have our laws set up in this country, we don’t decide that you get to invest in certain types of activities because of your talent. We don’t decide you get to invest in certain activities because you are an expert in the technology or the business model. We actually have a series of rules that, if you have $1 million, you and your wife have a certain income, then you are allowed to invest. You think about that. So if I came to you right now and said, I am going to judge you by the size of your bank account and not by your competence, that would be pretty outrageous. I guess for years and years, none of us had really sort of talked about it, thought about it in that way, that the arbitrary rules that the SEC and we had allowed to continue were a world where we judged people by their wealth and then gave them additional opportunities instead of handing those same opportunities to people because of their expertise in investing or the technology, their expertise in understanding the risk profile of such technology. I am hoping that is where we are heading. There was a number of compromises to make both sides feel comfortable, and that is actually one of the reasons we had such a bipartisan vote; and to that, I also thank my friend, Chairman GARRETT . I am going to miss you because you have worked hard to shepherd many of these concepts through for years now. I think this is a great start because we are going to start judging our brothers and sisters by their talents and not necessarily their bank account size, and that is why I am so happy on this one. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, access to capital is the lifeblood of every business. By expanding the pool of accredited investors and venture capital firms, improving the equity crowdfunding rules, and giving small business a bigger voice in SEC decisionmaking, H.R. 6427 provides the tools necessary to inject muchneeded equity capital into our Main Street businesses. Finally, closing the U.S. territories loophole in the Investment Company Act of 1940 will harmonize regulatory oversight and give millions of investors and retirees, mostly in Puerto Rico, the peace of mind that their hard earned money will receive the same level of protection afforded to those on the mainland. I thank the chairman, ranking member, and all of the cosponsors for their hard work in bringing this bipartisan package to the floor. I urge Members to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise again to support the legislation. It dawns on me also that, as I rise today, this may be the last time that I rise on the floor. So let me just say what an honor it has been to stand at this podium to bring forth legislation like this, as I have done over the last 14 years, and to end where I began, to do so in a bipartisan manner, that they tell me we should be able to pass through today in a pretty overwhelmingly bipartisan manner as well. The gentleman from Arizona ended his remarks with the statement: Every day is a new beginning. So I look at that as my days ahead. This legislation is a new beginning for capital formation and is a new beginning for bipartisanship in future legislation as well. I thank my colleagues from the other side of the aisle that I have had the honor and privilege to work with on this legislation and other legislation as well. I thank my colleagues from my side of the aisle that I have had similar opportunity to do so as well. We have gone through challenging times, from good economic times and bad—maybe more bad than good—but, through it all, I think we have done so with the American public’s interest in mind. Behind me also are some of our members of our committee who I also wish to recognize for their work as well. They have left a profound impact on myself during the time that I have known them, and I thank them humbly for their being willing to put up with me and to deal with me throughout the years, but be able to work together for the benefit of the American public as well. I think that, together, we have done great things. I look forward to watching what other great things will be done in a bipartisan manner as well. I think my time may be just about out, but let me also just say this as well. I want to end where I began, which was thanking the chairman of this committee, Mr. JEBHENSARLING , for his leadership and, most importantly, for his friendship in the years I have known him in this capacity. I urge every Member to support the underlying legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6427. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. b1715 COMBATINJURED VETERANS TAX FAIRNESS ACT OF 2016 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5015) to restore amounts improperly withheld for tax purposes from severance payments to individuals who retired or separated from service in the Armed Forces for combatrelated injuries, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5015 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘CombatInjured Veterans Tax Fairness Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5015, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have responsibilities for all the brave men and women who protect and defend our great Nation, especially those who are injured in the line of duty. The bill we are considering today by Representative ROUZER  does just that. Under our tax system, veterans who suffer from combatrelated injuries are not required to pay taxes on the one time lumpsum disability payment they receive when they leave the military. Unfortunately, errors in the Defense Department’s automatic payment system have resulted in taxes being improperly withheld from these injured troops’ payments—sometimes for years on end. As a result, thousands of combatinjured veterans—men and women who have sacrificed greatly for our country—have not received the full compensation they are rightfully due. The CombatInjured Veterans Tax Fairness Act provides an opportunity to right this wrong for veterans injured during their service. This legislation will allow veterans to recover income taxes that were improperly collected by the Department of Defense on certain disability severance payments. Under this bill, the Defense Department will be required to identify all the veterans who have been impacted by this problem. They will inform these veterans of the full amount that has been improperly withheld from their disability payments, and they will provide detailed instructions on how veterans can recover the money through an amended tax return. Our men and women in uniform and their families have sacrificed so much for our Nation. Errors like this are completely unacceptable and cannot be allowed to go unaddressed. I thank Representative ROUZER for his leadership on the CombatInjured Veterans Tax Fairness Act and his dedication. This legislation takes important action to ensure America’s promises are kept to our combatinjured heroes and their families. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 30, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 5015, the CombatInjured Veterans Tax Fairness Act of 2016, which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker. In order to expedite this legislation for floor consideration, the Committee on Armed Services will forgo action on this bill. This decision is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration in no way diminishes or alters the jurisdictional interests of the Committee on Armed Services in this bill, any subsequent amendments, or similar legislation. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 1, 2016. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5015, the ‘‘CombatInjured Veterans Tax Fairness Act of 2016.’’ As you noted, the bill was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 5015 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Armed Services is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BRADY for his efforts on behalf of this legislation. This is a pleasant responsibility that we have when you consider that its corrective action will alone help 175 former military members in the State of Massachusetts and 13,800 across the country. Let me reiterate some of the points that were made by Chairman BRADY . The bill before us corrects an issue related to a provision that was designed to alleviate some of the tax burdens of our Nation’s combatinjured veterans. Under Federal law, veterans who suffer combatrelated injuries and who are separated from the military are not supposed to be taxed on the onetime lumpsum disability severance payment they receive from the Department of Defense. Due to an accounting error at the Defense Finance and Accounting Service, approximately $78 million in tax payments were inadvertently taken from combatdisabled servicemembers. Some of this improper withholding has taken place outside the 3year period in which taxpayers could file an amended tax return. H.R. 5015 would right this wrong by instructing DOD to identify those who were wrongfully taxed so that they can be reimbursed. This bill would allow those veterans identified by the DOD to file amended returns to recoup those unintentionally withheld funds. Mr. Speaker, I am curious with respect to two items in this bill, and I just would like to raise this ever so politely with the majority party. Veterans’ issues in the Congress have long had a bipartisan flavor to them. We have been supportive across the board in the efforts that we make as it relates to our veterans, and the differences we have generally are very small; but in this case, it does not appear that a Democrat was asked to cosponsor the bill in its original introduction. So I would hope in the future that even though this bill was largely 
sponsored by Republican Members, that on this side you could have easily picked up 33 Members as well. So I hope going forward there will be that effort that we would continue with here to ensure that matters of this magnitude are well met by both parties. I would say that I don’t want to suggest for a moment that this was done in a partisan atmosphere as much as I would like to think that it was just overlooked. I hope in the future that we would be considered for sponsorship of this sort of legislation as well. Also, I would like to highlight an issue that is akin to the matter that is before us, and it comes from our friends on the committee, SAMJOHNSONand J OHNLARSON . They worked together on legislation that would prevent exonerated felons from facing an undue tax burden with respect to payments they received due to their wrongful conviction—emphasis on ‘‘wrongful conviction.’’ Similar to the veterans in the situation before us, these wrongfully convicted individuals should not face an improper tax liability on amounts intended to compensate for the tremendous injustices they faced under our legal system. Legislation to that effect became law in 2015. However, due to the lengthy IRS process in providing guidance on the issue, the statute would only allow less than 5 months for these exonerated individuals to amend their prior year tax returns. Mr. JOHNSON and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut have worked tirelessly to make sure that these individuals are not unfairly burdened further than they already have been and they have proposed extending the statutory deadline for these individuals to file amended returns. So while I think the legislation before us is sound, I do hope that the committee and the Congress will find time to consider similar IRS filing deadline legislation with respect to these exonerated individuals. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ), who is the author of the bill in the House. Besides his advocacy for small businesses and job growth, he is also a champion for our military, especially those who have been injured in combat. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to make mention to the fine ranking member of the committee that we did reach out, certainly, to as many staff on the Democrat side as we possibly could. Perhaps we could have done a little bit better job of that, but I do want to make mention that we did make that effort—a point duly noted, though—and we will follow up multiple times the next time I have a bill that I think the gentleman would be interested in. Mr. Speaker, I filed H.R. 5015, the CombatInjured Veterans Tax Fairness Act, after learning that nearly 14,000 veterans from all 50 States and the District of Columbia who suffered service ending, combatrelated injuries never received the full amount of their severance payment because taxes were wrongly withheld. Let me repeat that: nearly 14,000 veterans did not receive the money to which they were entitled because of a taxing error made by the Federal Government. Now, in case you are wondering how this error occurred, here is some background: the Internal Revenue Code excludes recurring disability payments from taxable income for personal injuries or sickness resulting from active service in our Armed Forces. In 1991, a Federal district court case, St. Clair v. United States, determined that one time lumpsum disability severance payments received for injuries resulting from active service should be excluded from taxable income as well. Despite this court decision and the resulting regulatory guidance that stemmed from it, taxes on combatrelated disability severance payments have been withheld for many years. As was mentioned earlier, the Defense Finance and Accounting System claimed this was due to the limitations of its automated computer payment system. Go figure. Regardless, this is an issue that needs to be addressed. Many of the veterans affected are not even aware that their benefits were improperly reduced. In most cases, the 3 year period in which they could file an amended tax return to get their money back has long since passed. This legislation directs the Department of Defense to identify instances of improper withholding and determine how much these combatwounded veterans are owed. Those veterans who were adversely affected will then be able to apply to the IRS to receive the money they are rightfully due. Our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines risk their lives every day to protect our freedoms, our values, and our Republic. The revelation that there are thousands of veterans who did not receive their full disability severance pay is unacceptable, and it must be corrected immediately. Today we can make a great step towards rectifying this problem. I think we can all agree that these veterans deserve no less for their service and sacrifice to our Nation. I want to make special mention of Senator BOOZMAN of Arkansas and Senator WARNER of Virginia who have sponsored an identical bill in the United States Senate. Their leadership on this issue has been absolutely critical. I commend this legislation to my colleagues and encourage its passage. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to acknowledge the gentleman for his good effort and his thoughtful response to the point that I raised. Of course, thanks to Chairman BRADY , this is an example, again, in a small way of how we can do some good things around here in a bipartisan manner. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I really do applaud the work of Representative ROUZER in this area and the bipartisan work of Senators BOOZMANand W ARNER . This is an area that could have easily been just swept aside over the years and never really addressed. The gentleman continued to raise the issue, bring it to our attention, and work through the legislative process. Again, I thank the gentleman for his very important leadership. I also thank the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Chairman MACTHORNBERRY , and his team for their approval of this measure and willingness to work with the author to bring this forward. I, too, thank the ranking member, Mr. NEAL, and congratulate him on his naming as ranking member for the Ways and Means Committee. I look forward to working with the gentleman on these and other issues moving forward. On behalf of 14,000 veterans who deserve to get the dollars they earned from the Department of Defense, late is better than never. I applaud the efforts of Mr. ROUZER in doing that. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this bipartisan bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5015, CombatInjured Veterans Tax Fairness Act of 2016, because the legislation directs the Defense Department (DoD) to restore improperly withheld for taxes from severance payments to individuals who retired or separated from service in the Armed Forces for combatrelated injuries. The bill also requires the DoD to notify combatinjured veterans if it had improperly withheld tax on their severance pay any time after January 17, 1991 and provide the veterans with information on how to seek a refund from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). H.R. 5015 works to remedy the egregious action of withholding more than $78 million in taxes from almost 14,000 combatinjured veterans. This legislation additionally ensures that further tax amounts will not be taken from combatinjured veterans in the future. As a member of the House Committee on Homeland Security since its establishment, and current Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Homeland Security this bill is of importance to me. The DoD held an average of over $5,500 from each of the veterans since 1991. That amount of money could help combat injured veterans with hospital bills and the difficult transition back into civilian life. I am pleased that the DoD will also have to submit a report on the number 
of times it had withheld pay to combatinjured veterans, the amount of each severance payment it withheld, and its actions to prevent future improper withholding to Congress within one year of the bill’s enactment for Congress to assess the situation. Our veterans deserve to be treated with respect. It is only through the efforts and sacrifice of our veterans that America has the freedoms and privileges we do today. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5015. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5015, a bill that would improve the fairness of the tax code and treat our service members with the respect they are due. Veterans who suffered combatrelated injuries who separated from the military are not supposed to be taxed on any onetime disability payments. Unfortunately, an accounting error has cost about 14,000 veterans more than $78 million in taxes. Just under 500 of these veterans are from my home state of Illinois. H.R. 5015 fixes this problem by instructing the DoD to identify those who were wrongfully taxed so that they can be reimbursed. The lion’s share of the affected veterans are outside of the window for amending their tax returns to recoup the funds. Consequently, this bill would allow those veterans identified by the DoD to file amended returns to recoup these unintentionallywithheld funds. This is a good bill that helps our service members as we should. I hope that this chamber can engage in similar bipartisan efforts to support other needy Americans as we move into the next Congress. I am troubled that some stakeholders are advocating that a 15 to 20 percent corporate tax rate serve as the central metric by which we judge any tax reform effort. To achieve this rate, middle and lowincome families and small businesses will have to subsidize the wealthiest corporations, foregoing critical credits and deductions that provide much needed assistance. I sincerely hope that we advance the intent of this bill to help Americans in need as we consider tax reform next year. I strongly support H.R. 5015, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5015, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PRESCRIBED BURN APPROVAL ACT OF 2016 Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3395) to require limitations on prescribed burns. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 3395 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Prescribed Burn Approval Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PETERSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. b1730 Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of S. 3395, the Prescribed Burn Approval Act of 2016. Across much of the country, Forest Service land borders private lands that are essential to the livelihood of farmers, ranchers, and foresters. While the Forest Service is tasked with managing these lands, many techniques are effective but carry risk. On April 3, 2013, the Forest Service conducted a controlled burn on the Dakota Prairie Grasslands intended for 130 acres. As weather conditions changed, the fire escaped its boundary and burned 16,000 acres of private land. The prescribed burn planned by Federal officials resulted in millions of dollars in damage to private lands in South Dakota, with ranchers losing valuable pasture, hay, fence, and structures. In the aftermath of the fire, the Office of the General Counsel of USDA determined that the Forest Service had done nothing out of line and claimed no responsibility to those harmed by this carelessness. This commonsense piece of legislation that we are addressing today, simply put, would require the Forest Service to conduct prescribed burns only when the national fire rating system indicates that it is safe to do so in that county and contiguous counties. Furthermore, this bill will encourage greater collaboration with local officials, helping to mitigate more of the risk to private lands. We all strive to be good neighbors and hope our neighbors will do the same. With passage, this bill gives many neighbors to the Forest Service additional certainty, and I urge your support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, December 1, 2016. Hon. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write regarding S. 3395, the Prescribed Burn Approval Act of 2016. This bill contains provisions under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this bill before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, I will agree that the Committee on Natural Resources be discharged from further consideration of the bill. I do so with the understanding that this action does not affect the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources. I also ask that a copy of this letter and your response be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of S. 3395 on the House floor. Thank you for your work on this important issue, and I look forward to its enactment soon. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, December 1, 2016. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BISHOP : I am writing concerning S. 3395, the Prescribed Burn Approval Act of 2016. The bill was agreed to in the Senate on November 17, 2016, and was referred in the House primarily to the Committee on Agriculture, with an additional referral to the Committee on Natural Resources. I ask that you allow the Committee on Natural Resources to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your Committee’s jurisdiction over the subject matter of 
the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Natural Resources represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in Congressional Record to memorialize our mutual understanding. Thank you for your consideration and for your continued cooperation between our committees. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Prescribed Burn Approval Act of 2016, S. 3395, will help alleviate unintentional disasters when prescribed burns don’t go exactly as planned. This is commonsense legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote in support of it. Prescribed burns are an important tool used by the Forest Service to help manage our national forests and grasslands. However, there is the risk of damage to nearby private property when prescribed burns get out of control, which happened, as was described recently, in the upper Midwest. This bill will allow the Forest Service to continue to use prescribed burns while taking practical steps to prevent disasters. S. 3395 prohibits the Forest Service from utilizing prescribed burns in areas of high fire risk, unless the Forest Service coordinates with State governments and local officials. Having local officials and responders aware of activities can help them be prepared and equipped to assist, if necessary. Frankly, this is something I would hope the Forest Service is already doing, but this bill is a good step. It will make sure that it happens in the future. Again, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM), who not only understands these issues but lives these issues. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding to me today. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of S. 3395, the Prescribed Burn Approval Act. This is a commonsense bill that will prohibit the U.S. Forest Service from authorizing prescribed burns in an area that is labeled an extreme fire danger except under circumstances that have local coordination. Unfortunately, we have seen instances where the Forest Service has acted recklessly by starting prescribed burns under extremely hazardous conditions. The Pautre fire in South Dakota is one such example. Despite the hot and windy conditions and being warned repeatedly from local ranchers and local officials that it was too windy and too dry to be starting a controlled burn, the Forest Service still carried out a prescribed burn that was intended to cover just 130 acres of dead crested wheatgrass. Within hours, the fire escalated out of control. More than 10,000 acres of Forest Service land, grazing association controlled land, and private land was consumed by the wildfire. Millions of dollars of damage was done not only to the land but to fences and families. Families were devastated. Multiple firefighting units and personnel were put in harm’s way. This burn should not have occurred that day without the collaboration and additional precautions that such a burn will require. It should happen in consultation with local officials and those who know the land best, those who live on the land and work the land each and every day—local farmers and ranchers. It only makes sense that the Forest Service has the responsibility to coordinate with local and State fire officials in circumstances where the threat of wildfire is high. This bill is a step in the right direction to make certain that necessary precautions are taken. Furthermore, this bill would add transparency and a degree of accountability to the Forest Service’s actions by ensuring that Congress is aware of the prescribed burns that are done under hazardous conditions. I would like to thank Senator THUNE  for his work on this bill and the chairman for bringing this bill forward. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is worth noting that before there were ever farmers and ranchers on the plains, before Coronado ever came up from the south, or Lewis and Clark crossed through the north, and even before our Native American friends first appeared in North America fire has been an important management tool in the ecosystem of the Great Plains— whether the northern plains where my colleague, Mrs. NOEM, lives or the southern plains where I live—an important tool. Maintaining the health of the grasslands, addressing the woody plants that are invasive, this is an important tool. This is why today we rise together to ask for our colleagues to vote for this bill, to provide the ability for everyone who occupies the plains to comfortably work together to use this tool to maintain the health of the Great Plains. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join us in passing the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3395. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. DEPARTMENT OF STATE OPERATIONS AUTHORIZATION AND EMBASSY SECURITY ACT, FISCAL YEAR 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1635) to authorize the Department of State for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1635 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The Assistant Secretary for Diplomatic Security shall report directly to the Secretary, without being required to obtain the approval or concurrence of any other official of the Department, as threats and circumstances require. 
Section 29 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2701) is amended, in the third sentence, by inserting ‘‘physical security enhancements and’’ after ‘‘may include’’. 
A determination by the Department to use procedures other than competitive procedures under section 3304 of title 41, United States Code, in order to meet emergency security requirements, as determined by the Secretary or the Secretary’s designee, including physical security upgrades, protective equipment, and other immediate threat mitigation projects, shall not be subject to challenge by protest under either subchapter V of chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code, or section 1491 of title 28, United States Code. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any employee of the Office of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction who completes at least 12 months of continuous employment within the Office at any time prior to October 5, 2013, and was not terminated for cause shall acquire competitive status for appointment to any position in the competitive service for which the employee possesses the required qualifications. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for four years, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees, with respect to the network, information systems, and files of the Office of 
Inspector General of the Department and Broadcasting Board of Governors managed by the Department, a certification that the Department has ensured the integrity and independence of such network, information systems, and files, including the prevention of access to such network, information systems, and files other than as authorized by the Inspector General or the Attorney General, or, for purposes of ensuring information and systems security pursuant to applicable statute, the Chief Information Officer of the Department. 
It is the policy of the United States that security assistance should not be provided to any unit of the security forces of a foreign country if such unit has engaged in a gross violation of human rights or in acts of sexual exploitation or abuse, including while serving in a United Nations peacekeeping operation. 
The Secretary shall direct the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to urge the United Nations to share the raw data used to calculate Member State peacekeeping assessment rates and to make available the formula for determining peacekeeping assessments. 
Section 181 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993 (22 U.S.C. 276c4) is amended to read as follows: 
It is the policy of the United States to strongly consider a Member State’s voting practices at the United Nations before entering into any agreements with the Member State. 
instructors, linguists, and other academic and training specialists’’ and inserting ‘‘education and training specialists, including language instructors and linguists, and other specialists who perform work directly relating to the design, delivery, oversight, or coordination of training delivered by the institution’’. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on workforce issues and challenges to career opportunities pertaining to tandem couples in the Foreign Service as well as couples with respect to which only one spouse is in the Foreign Service. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat AntiSemitism of the Office to Monitor and Combat AntiSemitism of the Department shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on United States support to, and opportunities to coordinate with, American and European Jewish and other civil society organizations, focusing on youth, to combat antiSemitism and other forms of religious, ethnic, or racial intolerance in Europe. TITLE V—CONSULAR AUTHORITIES 
There is established an independent commission to be known as the ‘‘Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission’’ (in this title referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the ranking member of this committee, Mr. ELIOT ENGEL , for his work on this important piece of legislation to protect U.S. personnel overseas, to improve the oversight of the Department of State, and to modernize its workforce. And I would also like to thank the other members of the committee for their input as well on this legislation. The world is not getting any easier for the men and women serving overseas who represent this country at the Department of State. These men and women work with many other agencies, including the Defense Department. They have got a wide range of very important responsibilities. They try to broker peace agreements. And, of course, not everybody wants peace in these agreements. They have to fight human trafficking. In other words, they have got to stand up to the criminal syndicates in some of these countries. They have got to help our fellow Americans in distress. That is just to name a few of the dangerous tasks that they undertake. They work hard, often in very challenging, even lifethreatening circumstances, so they deserve our support, which includes reforming a department that sorely needs to modernize. Mr. Speaker, the annual authorization of the Department of State is critical to maintaining congressional oversight and making these needed agency reforms. The House has passed an authorization bill in each of the last six Congresses, but, unfortunately, it has been 15 years since this legislation was signed into law. This year, we have an opportunity to break that unfortunate streak, which makes this legislation all the more important. First and foremost, the bill includes a number of critical embassy security reforms and improvements. For example, the Department will be authorized to use socalled best value criteria when contracting for local guards at U.S. facilities overseas. This is an important change. 
This authority has consistently been requested by the professionals overseeing the security at our embassies and has been a particular focus of two members of the committee. So I would like to thank LOISFRANKEL and R ANDY  WEBER for their work. The bill requires the State Department to designate a list of highrisk, highthreat posts, effectively prioritizing the resources and the security for these posts. Now, these are the posts most at risk. The State Department and Defense Department are directed to jointly develop enhanced contingency plans. Why? Because there are going to be surprises overseas. There are going to be emergency situations, including planning for the rapid deployment of military resources to keep our personnel safe in a time of crisis. It includes provisions that improve security for the children and the families of U.S. diplomats abroad. And it makes sure that security failures, due to misconduct or due to unsatisfactory performance, are identified and those responsible are held accountable, something that did not happen when it came to the Islamist terrorist attack in Benghazi. No one lost a day of pay as a consequence of the mistakes made there. The bill increases accountability also for sexual exploitation and abuse by U.N. peacekeepers, which the Foreign Affairs Committee has helped expose through the hearings by Chairman CHRIS SMITH. It also increases transparency for how U.S. funds are spent at the United Nations and mandates that the Department work to increase the number of American citizens employed by the United Nations. This has been a focus of Mr. MOBROOKS . We have also included important provisions to bolster the State Department’s inspector general, an office that the Foreign Affairs Committee successfully fought to have filled after it sat vacant for 5 years. And lastly, the bill increases flexibility in the Department’s workforce, allowing civil servants more opportunities to serve overseas and authorizing a pilot program to acquire skilled workers from the private sector. The passage of this legislation, S. 1635, would strengthen the law. It is a bipartisan bill, it improves congressional oversight of the Department, and I think it deserves unanimous support. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, let me start by thanking my friend and the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, EDROYCE  of California. He and I and our staffs have been working on this bill for most of the 114th Congress. This may be the last Foreign Affairs bill the House will deal with this year, and it is an appropriate capstone for the committee’s work. Authorizing and overseeing the State Department is one of our committee’s most important responsibilities. As the Obama administration comes to an end and we deal with the uncertainties of a transition in power, it is important that Congress help to set the tone for the future of our foreign policy. We need to do all we can to ensure the future of America’s leadership role in the world. b1745 This bill is also long, long overdue as the chairman pointed out. The last time the President signed a State Department authorization was in the year 2002. So much has changed since then— from the invasion of Iraq and the subsequent rise of ISIS to the ascendance of the AsiaPacific in our foreign policy to the growing threat of climate change. Think about the way terrorist groups use social media to recruit fighters and spread propaganda. This has become a major foreign policy concern; yet the last time we passed the State Department authorization, Twitter and Facebook were still a few years from coming online. Imagine that. That is just one example. In nearly 15 years, countless issues have cropped up as new foreign policy concerns, and traditional areas of diplomacy and development have evolved. This bill will help the State Department keep pace with the changes. I would like to underscore a few provisions in this bill that I think are especially important. The main thing I want to talk about is the heart and soul of American diplomacy: our diplomats. Our diplomats are at the core of this bill. We want them to have the tools and resources for success. These men and women pursue a path of public service unlike any other, going to work—sometimes in dangerous places—as America’s face to the world. Diplomats are our front line of international engagement, advancing our interests and building bridges of friendship and understanding. This is incredibly important work. It requires the right people for the job—people with the skill, training, and confidence to carry out their work. We need to do all we can to enable our diplomats to carry out diplomacy. They need to be able to get out from behind a desk and engage directly with cultures and communities, from government officials to civil society groups to everyday people on the street; so we have included provisions in this bill that are focused on the security of our Embassies and on the proper training of our personnel. We need the best possible security for our Embassies and diplomats abroad, and good security doesn’t always come cheap. This bill says that, when the State Department hires local personnel to protect our diplomatic facilities and staff, they shouldn’t be constrained only to take the lowest cost bid. After all, the rule is generally true that you get what you pay for, and when it comes to the safety of our diplomats, we should be focused on quality in addition to cost; so we have included a provision that calls for the best value security rather than the lowest cost. There is a lot of value in keeping our diplomats safe, and I want to thank representative LOISFRANKEL for her work on this provision. With this bill, we have also focused on improving the security of what we call ‘‘soft targets,’’ not typical diplomatic facilities, but things like schools and schoolbuses for the children of diplomats abroad. It is also important that the State Department reflect who we are as a country. America is made up of people from all different backgrounds and perspectives. Our diversity is one of our strengths. Our Foreign Service should benefit from that strength and reflect it back to the world. We also need to incorporate that strength into our foreign policy. A diverse workforce means a diversity of views and experiences to aid our leaders when they face tough decisions. Old ways of thinking and wornout approaches aren’t well suited to the modern range of challenges our diplomats face. This bill will push the Department to recruit, train, and retain a diverse workforce. Reports tell us that the State Department has been slow to change in these areas, so we want to give those efforts a shot in the arm. Additionally, I thank Chairman ROYCE for including my Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission legislation in this bill. The heroin epidemic in this country is getting worse and worse. We need to make sure that our drug policy is focused on saving lives. Here at home, that means doing more on prevention and treatment. Looking abroad, we need to take stock of what has worked and what hasn’t when it comes to our drug policy in Latin America and the Caribbean. That is what this commission will do, and I am grateful this measure is moving forward. That idea, taking stock of our successes and failures, brings me to a few final thoughts on this bill. Even though Congress has a role in foreign policy, we are outside the daytoday decisionmaking structures. That outside perspective gives us a chance to step back and ask: What can we be doing better? Where can we cut away dead wood? What changes going on in the world require us to change our approach? Our State Department personnel may have great new ideas about the way to advance our interests, but they are constrained by existing law or are bogged down in the constant hard work demanded of them. Let’s be honest. By their nature, bureaucracies tend not to change on their own. That is when Congress needs to step in and say: ‘‘We can help to solve this problem. We can make it easier for our diplomats to do their jobs.’’ The thing is that we have 
to actually do that. We should try to pass a bill like this every year. It should become the way we do business, just like the defense authorization, because when we don’t, we are letting our diplomats down; we are also ceding their work to other jurisdictions, and we are missing opportunities to bolster American diplomacy and national security. Last week, we voted on the Defense Authorization Act. It included 80 provisions that fell, at least in part, under the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee when it landed on the President’s desk. I respect our friends on the Armed Services Committee a great deal, but I hear their message loud and clear, that if we don’t act in our own jurisdiction, someone else will. I am encouraged that we have made it this far on this bill. I hope it becomes a regular part of our committee’s work and that, a year from now, we are back here debating more good ideas about improving American diplomacy. For now, I again thank the chairman. I am glad to support this bill, and I urge all my colleagues to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). He is the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank my good friend, the distinguished chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ROYCE , for his leadership on this important bill. I thank ELIOT ENGEL , the ranking member, and, of course, Senators CORKER and C ARDIN . This is a true bipartisan piece of legislation. I thank my colleagues for their leadership on this. Mr. Speaker, a highly skilled group of Foreign Service Officers—about 15,000 strong—are deployed worldwide to promote peace and human rights, to support prosperity, and to protect Americans while advancing the vital interests of the United States abroad. For most, posting overseas requires serious personal sacrifice. For some, deployment entails serious danger—from disease, crime, and terrorism. Mr. Speaker, after the American Embassies in Dar es Salaam and Nairobi were attacked by terrorists in August of 1998, I chaired hearings on Embassy security in my subcommittee and authored the Admiral James W. Nance and Meg Donovan Foreign Relations Authorization Act of 2000 and 2001 to significantly boost Embassy security, including reconfigured Embassies, setbacks—a zone that puts the street farther away from the building—and additional diplomatic security personnel. The bill, dubbed the ‘‘Embassy Security Act,’’ which passed the House in 1999, never even got a vote in the Senate; but after much lobbying, my bill was included in its entirety in the FY 2000 appropriations omnibus. In 2005, Congress enacted into law another bill I sponsored, the Department of State Authorities Act, which, among other things, boosted danger pay. Today, the RoyceCorkerEngel Cardin bill authorizes $4.8 billion for Embassy security. It continues the all important work of ensuring the most effective security possible for our Foreign Service and Americans abroad by directing joint DODState contingency plans—including the rapid deployment of Armed Forces—the designation of highrisk, highthreat posts with adequate funding and training commensurate with the danger, and the utilization of ‘‘best value’’ contracting. The bill provides numerous enhancements of personnel issues for our men and women in the Foreign Service— from promotion opportunities to updated costofliving adjustments to improved care of Foreign Service officers’ childrendependents with autism spectrum disorders. During markup—and I thank the chair for being so gracious for supporting it—I sponsored an amendment that was approved that recognizes applied behavior analysis, or ABA, as proven evidencebased intervention for autistic children and that the Secretary of State should ensure that coverage of and access to ABA for dependents with ASD of overseas employees is provided. I travel all over the world, and I often hear from Foreign Service Officers who cannot get ABA treatment for their children. They are anguished because, if they try to go to a deployment where that is provided, it may hinder their Foreign Service careers; and, of course, they put their children first. That shouldn’t be the case. There should be no choice. The children need to be supported as well as the Foreign Service Officers. The House Foreign Affairs Committee also adopted another amendment I offered during markup, which is whistleblower protections for U.N. personnel—we have had hearings on that in our subcommittee—the capacity to investigate allegations of sexual exploitation committed by peacekeepers and to hold those who commit such heinous crimes accountable. Mr. Speaker, I have traveled to places like Goma, in the DRC, where peacekeepers were raping 13year olds—U.N. peacekeepers. The series of hearings that we held on it found that the zero tolerance policy of the U.N. was really zero compliance. That has to improve. There have been some improvements made but far fewer than what are required. This legislation helps to push that ball significantly down that lane. Hopefully, the peacekeepers will do just that—protect. It is a duty for us to make sure that that happens. There are many other good things in this bill. Again, I thank Chairman ROYCE for his leadership. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, in reclaiming my time, I thank CHRIS SMITH for his years of oversight and for his combating that type of abuse. I also thank him for our efforts to have this included now in what will become a new law. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), my good friend and colleague on the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. CONNOLLY. I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), my dear friend and the distinguished ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. I rise today in support of S. 1635, the Department of State Authorities Act. There is an expression in Latin. I studied Latin for 6 years, but I rarely get to use it. It is mirabile dictu—wonderful to relate—that we are actually going to pass the State Department authorization bill. The bill is not perfect, and it is not as comprehensive as one would hope; however, it is a product of compromise under the fine leadership of EDROYCE  and ELIOT ENGEL . It is a welcome step toward the annual authorization of the State Department operations I know we will get to next year. The regular enactment of a State Department authorization is a longneglected priority, and the clarity of our diplomacy and development missions have suffered absent one. Congress has not enacted a full State authorization bill since 2002. In a similar vein, the Foreign Assistance Act has not undergone a comprehensive reauthorization since 1985, when I was a staff member on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. I have introduced the Global Partnerships Act, which would do just that, and I have tried to streamline and modernize the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. The bill on the floor today codifies high standards for Embassy security practices and ensures that we are making smart investments in diplomatic security. It also fights discrimination and promotes diversity within the Foreign Service. I thank the committee—and particularly our leaders, Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL —for including my amendment that requires the State Department to report on its compliance with the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act, FITARA, which is the Federal IT reform bill I introduced and wrote with Mr. ISSA. I support this bill because it enables the kind of serious, credible, and ambitious diplomacy that can solve the world’s most intractable challenges, and I urge my colleagues to give it their full support. Again, I congratulate our staffs—and particularly our chairman and ranking member, Mr. ROYCE and Mr. E NGEL , respectively—for their leadership in bringing this bill before us today. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am waiting for one other speaker; so, while we are waiting, let me at least partially close. I, first of all, thank Chairman ROYCE ’s staff for their hard work on this very important bill. I thank Tom Sheehy, Ed Burrier, Tom Hill, and Doug Anderson, and on my staff, Jason Steinbaum, Doug Campbell, Eric Jacobstein, Janice Kaguyutan, Sajit Gandhi, Jennifer Hendrixson White, and Mark Iozzi. We can only do as well as the wonderful staff that we have, and it is really appreciated, I know, by Chairman ROYCE and by me. As was said before, Mr. Speaker, every single year, Congress passes a defense authorization. It happens without fail, and it should. It is a vitally important piece of legislation, and we have an obligation to give our women and men in uniform the support and the resources they need. b1800 The work of our diplomats is very different, but it is also critical to our national security. These dedicated public servants help to project stability, enhance security, and diffuse crises before they start. From a dollarsandcents perspective, it makes a lot more sense to prevent crises than to try to stop them after they are burning out of control. We need diplomacy to succeed so that using our military remains the last resort in our foreign policy. This legislation will help ensure that our diplomacy does succeed. I hope this bill gets across the finish line soon; I hope the Senate does its job; and I hope we make a State Department authorization a yearly priority for the Foreign Affairs Committee, for the Congress, and for the American people. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I am a big fan of Chairman ROYCE ’s work, and I appreciate all the work of the committee in these difficult areas. Sometimes in trying to bring together a big authorization bill like this, language gets inserted that can be problematic. On page 105, for example, section 713, ‘‘Recruitment and retention of individuals who have lived, worked, or studied in predominantly Muslim countries or communities,’’ we know that one of our problems when we were trying to deal with radical Islam is, number one, our President doesn’t recognize radical Islam, although some of the best experts who are radical Islamists say, yes, it exists, and Muslim friends like President el Sisi acknowledge it is a problem. For example, here in subsection C, it says: ‘‘The Secretary shall make every effort to recruit and retain individuals that have lived, worked, or studied in predominantly Muslim countries or communities, including individuals who have studied at Islamic institutions of higher learning.’’ I know this was not submitted by a Muslim—far from it—but although we desperately need people who have lived and studied in this area, to tell the Secretary of State that the Secretary shall make every effort to get people like this is the way our enemies take advantage of us. We should not be telling the Secretary to make every effort. As a former chief justice, that is the kind of thing—you have to say, well, he didn’t make every effort or she didn’t make every effort. We should not be coercing the State Department to hire people who—if they are not appropriate or have Muslim ties, they should not be pushed into the State Department. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, let me say in response that we should hire, in the State Department, people who do have some experience. We should have some people there with some experience with Muslim culture and Muslim countries, with that kind of a background. But that said, we want to work with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) on implementation of this bill to make certain that these concerns are handled. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL , first, for the great bipartisan work. I really appreciate being on this committee. I want to tell you a story that one of our Ambassadors told me that I thought was amazing. I won’t say her name or where she was, but she told me she was overseas. The security that they hired was so poor that they actually had to hire criminals; and her security guard not only robbed her and her family, but killed their dog. That is just an example of some of the quality of security that we had for our Ambassadors, who deserve absolutely our utmost protection. So I just want to thank both the chairman and the ranking member for working with me to get this provision in this bill that now is going to let our State Department get wellqualified security for Embassies, which they deserve to have. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Florida for her contribution to this legislation. Mr. Speaker, as chairman, I also want to thank our ranking member, Mr. ENGEL . I want to thank all my committee colleagues for their contributions to this bill. I think we should take the opportunity to thank our counterparts, Senator CORKER and Senator CARDIN , in the Senate for working with us to bring the first State authorization bill to the President’s desk in over 15 years. Today, the Department is considering how to deploy diplomats in high threat, highrisk places like South Sudan, like the Central African Republic, Yemen, Libya. It is our responsibility to make sure that U.S. personnel at these posts have every available means of protection, and this bill authorizes the Department to make critical upgrades in Embassy security. This bill also mandates that the Department uses leverage at the United Nations to make improvements that have been ignored for too long. In just the last year, we have heard horrific stories of peacekeepers sexually abusing and exploiting those they are sent to protect. Sadly, these are not the first instances of such predatory behavior, but the United Nations has failed to take steps to stop it. Oversight is necessary at any agency. It took 5 years for the Department’s inspector general position to be filled, and this bill makes sure that the Department’s watchdog has all the tools it needs to perform its mandate. This bill deserves our support. The other body should move quickly so that these critical reforms can be signed into law by the President. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1635, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HARDY ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, I was absent on Monday, December 5, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 601—H.R. 5015—CombatInjured Veterans Tax Fairness Act of 2016, as amended, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 602—H.R. 6427—Creating Financial Prosperity for Businesses and Investors Act, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 603—House Amendment to S. 1635— Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, as amended. 
PRESIDENTIAL ALLOWANCE MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016—VETO MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Speaker, notwithstanding the order of the House of September 22, 2016, I ask unanimous consent that the veto message of the President on the bill, H.R. 1777, together with the accompanying bill, be referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. MCSALLY ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. 
PROVIDING FOR APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6415) to provide for the appointment of members of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance to replace members whose terms expire during 2017, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6415 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS IN THE ENROLLMENT OF S. 2943 Mr. THORNBERRY. Madam Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
UNITED NATIONS (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Madam Speaker, last week, the United Nations General Assembly passed six antiIsrael resolutions, including yet another one that denies and distances Jewish and Christian ties to the Temple Mount. In fact, Madam Speaker, the General Assembly will have taken up 20 anti Israel resolutions by the end of this session and will have only brought up four—one, two, three, four—measures against some of the world’s worst human rights violators like Iran, China, Russia, North Korea, Venezuela, and Cuba—combined. This just underscores, Madam Speaker, the need for systemwide reforms at the United Nations. With the new administration, Madam Speaker, we have an opportunity in the upcoming Congress to wield our considerable influence and leverage to promote and enact reforms by reassessing how we contribute taxpayer dollars to the corrupt U.N. system. The U.S. must stop legitimizing this farce at the United Nations. It is time for us to take action and bring much needed reforms. 
b1915 PLEASE MEET DAISY ARVIZU (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Madam Speaker, please meet Daisy Arvizu, who was one of over 300 El Pasoans to join us at a DREAMers town hall that we held in downtown El Paso at the Community Foundation Room with the Border Network for Human Rights and Las Americas Immigration Center last week. It was an opportunity for our community to come forward, both the DREAMers in our community and those who support the DREAMers, like Daisy who was brought here at the tender age of 1 year and 8 months, who works two jobs, a day job and a night job, and is also a student at the El Paso Community College. Because the Presidentelect has vowed to terminate the executive action known as DACA, that means Daisy 
has uncertainty, at a minimum. In the worst case scenario, she will be deported back to a country she does not know, a language she does not speak, and she and this country will lose the benefit of her potential. Madam Speaker, we need to do the right thing. We need to keep Daisy and the 700plus other DREAMers in this country for the benefit of our country and the potential that they can bring to the United States. I ask for your help, the help of the Members here, and the Presidentelect in making sure that we do the right thing for this country and for young DREAMers like Daisy. 
10TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE STATE THEATRE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, on Saturday evening, I had the privilege of attending the 10th anniversary celebration of The State Theatre in State College, Centre County. The State Theatre first opened as a movie house for Warner Bros. Pictures on October 15, 1938, showing ‘‘The Sisters,’’ starring Errol Flynn and Bette Davis. Closing in 2001, the theatre building was extensively refurbished and reopened in December 2006, as a stateof theart venue for theatre, dance, music, film, concerts, and other regional and international performances. Today, The State Theatre is a communityowned theatre dedicated to serving the Centre County region. The theatre is a hub of local culture, featuring artists both homegrown and nationally renowned. There is something for everyone at The State Theatre—rock ‘n’ roll, country, indie, and blues; drama, musical theatre, comedy, and opera; movies, dance, standup, and children’s programming. There is rarely a day at the theatre without a show to be seen, a concert to be heard, or a laugh to be had. Congratulations and thank you to the leadership, employees, volunteers, and supporters of The State Theatre for being a great venue for artists and audiences. 
TRIBUTE TO THREETIME SPRINT CUP SERIES CHAMPION TONY STEWART (Mr. HUDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUDSON. Madam Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the incredible career of threetime Sprint Cup Series champion Tony Stewart on his retirement. Tony Stewart, known to his many fans as ‘‘Smoke,’’ started his career as a kid gokart racing. He climbed the ladder one step at a time throughout his 20year driving career to become the legend he is today. Every time Tony faced an obstacle, he overcame it with unmatched tenacity. He is a reminder to all of us that champions aren’t born winners; they are built through hard work, grit, and determination. Tony is driven by that same doggedness off the track, leading StewartHaas Racing in my congressional district in Kannapolis, North Carolina, and helping folks in need through the Tony Stewart Foundation. His role might be changing, but I know Smoke’s presence at the racetrack and his impact on the sport we love will continue. Renee and I applaud Tony for his outstanding career, and we wish him all the best as he begins this next chapter. Madam Speaker, on behalf of North Carolina’s Eighth District and racing fans everywhere, I am proud to say congratulations to Tony—always a racer, forever a champion. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. NEWHOUSE (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of flight delays due to weather. Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of personal reasons. Mr. DUFFY (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of flight delays due to weather. Mrs. NAPOLITANO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 5509. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs temporary lodging facility in Indianapolis, Indiana, as the ‘‘Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House’’. H.R. 5995. An act to strike the sunset on certain provisions relating to the authorized protest of a task or delivery order under section 4106 of title 41, United States Code. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1550. An act to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project management in certain Federal agencies, and for other purposes. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on December 2, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: H.R. 4419. To update the financial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts and to make other improvements to the District of Columbia courts. H.R. 5785. To amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity supplement for certain air traffic controllers. H.R. 6297. To reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996. H.R. 5111. To prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes. H.R. 3471. To amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported that on December 5, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 5509. To name the Department of Veterans Affairs temporary lodging facility in Indianapolis, Indiana, as the ‘‘Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House’’. H.R. 5995. To strike the sunset on certain provisions relating to the authorized protest of a task or delivery order under section 4106 of title 41, United States Code. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I move that the House now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 19 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, December 6, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3711. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Chicano Park, located in San Diego, California, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–845). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. PALLONE (for himself, Mr. PASCRELL , and Mr. P AYNE ): H.R. 6434. A bill to provide for more transparent and appropriate reimbursement of insurers participating in the Write Your Own program under the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 6435. A bill to authorize the Directors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks of the Department of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with appropriate civilian accreditation entities or appropriate health care evaluation entities to investigate medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HECK of Washington (for himself, Mr. SHERMAN , and Ms. K USTER ): H.R. 6436. A bill to require that any international insurance standards agreed to by parties representing the United States reflect existing United States laws, regulations, and policies on regulation of insurance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6437. A bill to prohibit funds available for the United States Armed Forces to be obligated or expended for introduction of the Armed Forces into hostilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut): H.R. 6438. A bill to extend the waiver of limitations with respect to excluding from gross income amounts received by wrongfully incarcerated individuals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H. Con. Res. 179. Concurrent resolution directing the Secretary of the Senate to make certain corrections in the enrollment of S. 2943; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself and Ms. LOFGREN ): H. Res. 941. A resolution expressing support for the designation of February 22, 2017, as ‘‘National Heart Valve Disease Awareness Day’’, coinciding with American Heart Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. BYRNE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. B RAT, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. LABRADOR , Mr. DESANTIS , and Mr. M EADOWS ): H. Res. 942. A resolution recognizing the historical importance of Associate Justice Clarence Thomas; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD: H. Res. 943. A resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of the establishment of Hawaii Volcanoes National Park and Haleakala National Park in the State of Hawaii, and expressing support for designation of August 1, 2016, as ‘‘Hawaii Volcanoes and Haleakala National Parks Day’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
310. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Indiana, relative to Senate Enrolled Joint Resolution 14, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6434. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 7 of Section 9 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 6435. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. HECK of Washington: H.R. 6436. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6437. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, clauses 11, 12, 13, 14, 18 By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6438. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States of America. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1098: Mr. C ONYERS . H.R. 1457: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 1608: Mr. LUETKEMEYER and Mr. BEYER . H.R. 2293: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 2537: Mr. REED. H.R. 3591: Ms. LEE, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali fornia, Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. ASHFORD , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 4216: Mr. HIGGINS and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 4220: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 5131: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5235: Mr. KNIGHT and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 5274: Mr. REED. H.R. 5386: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 5440: Mr. KIND. H.R. 5689: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5721: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 6020: Ms. PLASKETT . H.R. 6021: Ms. PLASKETT . H.R. 6072: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 6117: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 6275: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 6340: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. SARBANES . H.R. 6382: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. B ERA, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 6421: Mr. SHERMAN and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 6426: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska and Mr. MASSIE . H.R. 6428: Mr. ELLISON , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. LOEBSACK , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 6431: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. CRAMER , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. KIND, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. ZINKE, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. GUINTA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. H ECKof Wash ington, and Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6433: Mr. DOLD. H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. PETERS . H. Con. Res. 176: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H. Res. 591: Mr. YARMUTH . H. Res. 899: Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H. Res. 928: Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. KINGof New York, and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. f 
95. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the City of Miami Commission, relative to Resolution R160525, urging President Barack H. Obama and the Members of the 114th United States Congress to grant temporary protective status to Haitians in the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6683 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 2016 No. 174 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by 