Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the comments from my friend from Texas. They are important to consider. I am going to shift gears for a moment. I have another issue to talk about today. To a certain extent, I have great sympathy for my Republican colleagues. They have been stuck with a standardbearer for their party, who is a bigot, a bully, a liar, a misogynist, with no discernible qualifications for the high office that he seeks. But they are not helping themselves by trying to shift the subject of debate here on the floor of the House. 
Tomorrow, we are going to be taking a stand against a couple of what they think are unpopular ideas. It is too bad that the proposals we will be debating on were never considered by our Ways and Means Committee. One, a sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be bad for the economy. And the other, opposition to the President’s proposal for a $10 a barrel fee on oil. The carbon tax ironically is something that most of the economists who have studied it—whether they are conservative, liberal, Republican or Democrat—agree would be a good policy for this country. A carbon tax is the most efficient way to deal with the serious problems of carbon pollution that is already harming the economy. Look at the disruption of the fishing industry and the widespread flooding we have seen that has been unprecedented. We are about to go into another egregious forest fire season with huge costs economically, as well as to forest health. We have wildly unpredictable weather—unprecedented heat. In Portland, Oregon, last weekend, it was 100 degrees for both days. A carbon tax would harness market forces to be able to change that direction more effectively than other initiatives. A carbon tax actually can be designed to cushion impacts on low to moderateincome people. In fact, it actually could be designed to help low to moderateincome people. A blanket dismissal of what economists think is our best economic environmental protection is shortsighted. It is too bad that we didn’t debate it in committee. The other resolution, the opposition to the President’s barrel tax, misses the point entirely. It suggests that that is somehow going to be detrimental. Wait a minute. The barrel fee would be used to rebuild and renew America. We have been in a desperate situation. We haven’t raised the gas tax since 1993. It has made it almost impossible to move forward with a robust transportation bill to deal with the problem. America is falling apart while we are falling behind. That is why seven red Republican States last year raised the gas tax. We couldn’t even talk about it here in Congress. Using a barrel fee of $10 per barrel will enable us to make significant investments in rebuilding and renewing America. The Standard & Poor 500 research report of a couple of years ago pointed out that investment in infrastructure has a significant impact on the economy. $1.2 billion creates almost 30,000 jobs, creates $2 billion worth of economic activity, reduces the Federal deficit $200 million, and we get the benefit of improved infrastructure. That is why every major interest group supported raising revenues for transportation. When I introduced the gas tax increase, it was supported by the American Chamber of Commerce, the AFL–CIO, by truckers, AAA, engineers, and contractors. Virtually everybody who builds, uses, maintains, or owns American infrastructure said, Raise this fee, help us rebuild and renew America. I think the only thing wrong with the President’s proposal is that it is several years too late. We should have been debating this from the outset, particularly when petroleum prices have fallen precipitously, and when America’s infrastructure continues to deteriorate. It is sad that we didn’t have a robust debate in committee. We will have a little bit of discussion tomorrow. But it is too little and too late. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward presumptive nominees for the Office of President. 
HONORING GENERAL GORDON SULLIVAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor retired General Gordon Sullivan for his accomplishments in over 54 years of total service to the soldiers, veterans, family members, the civilians of the United States Army, and this great Nation. General Sullivan, raised in Quincy, Massachusetts, was commissioned a second lieutenant of armor in 1959. After a distinguished career spanning 36 years in uniform and serving in command level throughout the Army, his career culminated as the 32nd chief of staff of the United States Army. On the occasion of his retirement from the Army, former Senator Bob Dole spoke of General Sullivan’s caring leadership, sage counsel, and commonsense approach as he navigated the Army through a challenging period of significant downsizing and restructuring. Senator Dole stated, ‘‘Our Army will sorely miss General Sullivan, but it is stronger and better for his service. The legacy he leaves—a ready Army, a future force that will be unmatched, and the deep love and devotion of his soldiers—is fitting of this great man.’’ After serving in uniform for almost four decades, General Sullivan continued to advocate on behalf of the Army as president of the Association of the United States Army for the past 18 years. His tireless efforts, ensuring our soldiers and their families had the best training and resources and that our veterans returning from combat received the best care, have been unmatched and are a true testament to this great man of character and conviction. Under General Sullivan’s executive leadership, the Association of the United States Army broadly expanded support and outreach to the Army families, the Army National Guard and Army Reserve, and the Department of Army Civilians by the promotion, establishment, and support of countless programs and events at the national and local levels. b1015 Additionally, the Association of the United States Army generously contributed millions of dollars to veteran and soldier support programs, such as the Fisher House Foundation, the Center for the Intrepid, and the Army Emergency Relief. Mr. Speaker, I first met General Sullivan 18 years ago, which was the week he started as the president of AUSA, when I served as an escort officer for the Senior Conference at the United States Military Academy at West Point. I was serving on the faculty at that time. I was struck by General Sullivan’s graciousness, his humility, and the way he lived his life by conviction and integrity. I remain a huge fan to this day. Mr. Speaker, I rise on behalf of a grateful Nation to thank General Gordon Sullivan and his family for their over five decades of service to our Army. His leadership has directly enhanced the readiness of the United States Army. I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting him and in wishing him well in his retirement. 
THE COURT OF PUBLIC OPINION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, it is utterly disappointing that Donald J. Trump chose to use the court of public opinion in his attempt to defend against a civil fraud claim involving Trump University. Last week, Donald Trump made disparaging statements about the trial judge. He suggested that the trial judge is incapable of objectively judging the case because of his Mexican heritage. He went on to say that the judge was a hater of Donald Trump’s. The footage is being played over and over on television, and many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, to their credit, have found these statements to be unacceptable. In my humble opinion, Mr. Speaker, these statements rise to the level of contempt of court. They are racially based, and the litigant should be sanctioned. The Trump statements are perceived by millions of people to be race based and a discredit to the judiciary. It must be addressed. Based on my years as a lawyer and as a judge, it is clear that, if a litigant feels that the judge cannot be fair and impartial in a case, the litigant has a duty to inform his counsel. Counsel then has an obligation to file motions of recusal that set out, with particularity, the grounds for the motion. This was not done, and I suspect it was not done because no evidence of bias even exists. If the attorneys chose to make such a reckless claim, the attorneys would be subject to discipline. 
What would motivate a litigant in a class action civil fraud case to announce to millions of people that the judge is incapable of objectively judging his case because of his Mexican heritage? It is bizarre. It is suspicious behavior. One explanation is that the litigant, unable to convince his attorney to address these issues in court, wants to intimidate the judge and eventually force the judge off the case, which would slow the administration of justice and would postpone the trial for months, even years. The court system, Mr. Speaker, does not work that way. These statements have put the attorneys in an ethical dilemma of whether they should repudiate the statement or not. Codes of Professional Conduct require an attorney to address client misconduct, to address it with the bar, to address it with the court, and to seek guidance on further representation. Mr. Speaker, this is an egregious violation of litigant misconduct. The court and the attorneys bear responsibility for protecting the integrity of the judiciary and the judicial system. Donald Trump’s lawyers must avow or disavow their client’s misconduct. The integrity of an independent judiciary is clearly impacted by these inappropriate statements. 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, Riverside High School in Durham, North Carolina, held its graduation ceremony. Among the pomp and circumstance, one student who should have graduated with his class was, sadly, absent. Wildin Acosta is a Honduran national who fled his country after the violence and threats to his life became so great that he risked everything to embark on a harrowing 17day journey to the United States, all at the tender age of 17. He was classified as an Unaccompanied Minor and was eventually reunited with his parents in Durham, where he planted deep roots in the community and thrived at Riverside High School. Instead of graduating yesterday with his classmates, he sits in an ICE detention facility in Georgia after being arrested by ICE agents while he was on his way to school. Led by his classmates, the Durham community has been unanimous in calling for the end of recent ICE raids that have spread fear throughout our community and schools. Mr. Speaker, I, too, stand in support of Wildin, and I continue to fight for his release. I encourage my colleagues to fight with me and to implore the ICE Director and the Department of Homeland Security Secretary to use their discretion to release Wildin and others like him from detention. REMEMBERING CAPTAIN JEFFREY KUSS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the life of Marine Corps Captain Jeffrey Kuss, a pilot with the Navy’s elite Blue Angels flying squadron, who tragically lost his life in a fatal crash just over 1 week ago. This week is the firstever Navy Week in Syracuse, New York, in my district, which is marked by a series of local outreach efforts that are focused on translating the mission of the U.S. Navy to our community. The week was expected to culminate with a performance of the Blue Angels at the Syracuse Hancock International Airport Airshow. Tragically, Marine Corps Captain Jeff Kuss, a married father of two young children, was killed when his jet crashed 2 miles from a runway near Nashville, Tennessee. Captain Kuss, a native of Durango, Colorado, devoted his life to serving our country as a U.S. marine—joining the Blue Angels in September of 2014. At 32 years old, he had accumulated more than 1,400 flight hours and 175 carrierarrested landings. His decorations include the Strike/Flight Air Medal, the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, and various personal and unit awards. While the Syracuse Airshow will go on without the Blue Angels this weekend, our community is deeply saddened by the loss of this fallen pilot, and the show will celebrate and pay tribute to his life. As Captain Kuss’ family and the Blue Angels team grieve this tremendous loss, this weekend, central New York will remember and honor his life and service to our great Nation. Semper Fi Marine. 
MUHAMMAD ALI—THE GREATEST The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) for 5 minutes. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, Muhammad Ali was, indeed, the greatest, and he spent considerable time in Chicago. Therefore, I got the opportunity to meet and know him. On occasion, I would visit with my friends Frank Lipscomb, Wallace Davis, Jr., and Ralph Metcalf, Jr., and we would visit with him in his Kenwood home and at meetings. Although Muhammad Ali was born and raised in Louisville, Kentucky, those of us who lived in Chicago embraced Ali as a fellow Chicagoan because of his relationship to the Honorable Elijah Muhammad, who was with the Nation of Islam, and because of his involvement and engagement with the larger community. Muhammad Ali was not only the best boxer in the world, but during his heyday, he was a genuine hero to everyday people who felt that he was a part of them. In 1966, 2 years after winning the heavyweight title, he refused to be conscripted into the military, citing his religious beliefs and opposition to the American involvement in the Vietnam war. He was eventually arrested, found guilty of draft evasion, and stripped of his boxing titles. He successfully appealed in the U.S. Supreme Court, which overturned his conviction in 1971. By that time, he had not fought for nearly 4 years and lost a period of peak performance as an athlete. Ali’s actions as a conscientious objector to the war made him an icon for those who opposed the war. With a record of 61 total fights, 56 wins—37 by knockouts—and just five losses, Muhammad Ali was, obviously, a superb athlete, but he was so much more. He was a humanitarian, a principled man. He was proud of his heritage, proud of his abilities, and proud of his accomplishments. Muhammad Ali, a soldier in the people’s army. I salute you. f 
IMPROVING HEALTH CARE FOR AMERICA’S SENIORS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the importance of improving health care for America’s seniors. Living out one’s golden years to the max can come with its share of challenges, especially as it relates to health care, which is why fighting for our seniors and improving their quality of care must always be a top priority. Whether at meetings in my Long Island office, my mobile office hours, or at various other events in my district in Suffolk County, New York, I have met with seniors who are struggling with balancing health challenges while being on fixed incomes. Many cite a lack of healthcare options and a difficulty in gaining access to quality and affordable health care as a result of ObamaCare. There are also serious concerns over the solvency of Social Security and Medicare, which many seniors rely on for both financial and healthcare security. As health challenges arise and seniors budgeting based on a fixed income, we should do everything we can to ensure that those who need medical care and attention are able to access quality care at an affordable price without having to jump through hoops. They also should be assured that the programs and benefits they rely on will always be there for them. ObamaCare has significantly impacted our seniors and their access to quality and affordable health care. I frequently hear concerns about lost doctors, canceled policies, and higher premiums and deductibles. Earlier this year, Congress passed the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, which would repeal many of the flawed major provisions under ObamaCare over a period of 2 years—specifically, many of the 
VOLUNTEERING THE MIDWEST WAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mary Gangl of Coon Rapids, Minnesota. Mary was recently awarded the Office Volunteer of the Year Sylvie, which is given annually by the National Multiple Sclerosis Society Upper Midwest Chapter. The Sylvie award was presented to Mary for her contributions to the society which works to improve the lives of those diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. Mary spends nearly 400 hours a year volunteering at the office front desk where she helps with many important tasks as well as welcoming visitors and staff. Multiple sclerosis is a debilitating disease of the central nervous system, which affects more than 2 million people worldwide. Those affected by this disease have devastating symptoms; and, unfortunately, at this time, there is no cure. I want to thank Mary for dedicating so much of her time volunteering to help others. Your hard work is appreciated, and you truly deserve this award. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Minnesotabased company SignZone for receiving a Manufacturers Alliance Manufacturer of the Year award for midsize businesses. SignZone is highly deserving of this award, as it is one of 
the fastest growing companies in the country as well as the Nation’s leading provider in visual communication products and solutions. Manufacturing is an incredibly important industry in the State of Minnesota. Our State is not only home to nearly 300,000 manufacturing jobs, but the industry brings billions of dollars to our economy every year, making it a key pillar of Minnesota’s economy. I commend SignZone for bringing great business and excellent products to our community, but I also thank them for contributing to an industry that is so critically vital to our State. Congratulations, SignZone, and thank you for what you contribute to the great State of Minnesota. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate one of Minnesota’s best and brightest, Sartell High School senior Gopi Ramanathan, who was recently named a 2016 Presidential Scholar. Every year, up to 161 students can be named Presidential Scholars, making it one of the highest awards a high school student can receive. It is safe to say this achievement has gone to an incredibly deserving scholar. Gopi Ramanathan has had an exceptionally successful high school career, and his resume includes a very long list of accolades and achievements. He is a twotime champion of the Minnesota State Geography Bee, and he was captain of the United States team that took first place at the 2013 National Geographic World Geography Bee. Additionally, he is a member of the National Honor Society, a Big Brother mentor, a member of the student council, the president of the Minnesota Association of Student Councils, and a member of the Sartell soccer team. Perhaps most notably, Gopi earned a perfect score of 36 on his ACTs, an accomplishment that puts him in the top onetenth of 1 percent of students across this country. It is an honor to recognize a student of such distinction here today, and I can say with absolute certainty that we will see more great things to come from this young man in the future. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Anoka High School math teacher Paul Kelley for recently being honored at the White House in a ceremony for exceptional educators. In addition to teaching math at Anoka High School for the past 29 years, Mr. Kelley serves on the board of directors for the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Along with four other teachers from around the country, Mr. Kelley was nominated for this recognition by the staff at the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics headquarters. During the ceremony at the White House, Paul had the chance to meet hundreds of other extraordinary teachers as well as the Secretary of Education, John B. King, and Deputy Assistant to the President for Education, Roberto Rodriguez. Mr. Kelley also heard from President Obama, thanking the educators for their roles in educating today’s youth. A good teacher molds minds, sparks creativity, and gives students keys that can open all of life’s doors. Congratulations, Mr. Kelley, on your recent achievement, and thank you for helping Minnesota students achieve their full potential. f 
THE STATE OF HOMELESSNESS IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise once again to discuss the harsh realities of homelessness in America and to call attention to the Republicans’ socalled poverty agenda that simply ignores the fact that men, women, and children are sleeping on the streets of America, eating out of garbage cans, and using our sidewalks and streets for restrooms. Homelessness is one of the most tragic and disappointing reminders of the overwhelming poverty in this country. According to the latest estimates, almost 600,000 Americans are homeless. It is a problem in virtually every district, and it affects people from very different walks of life: 37 percent of the homeless population are represented in families, 15 percent are chronically homeless, 8 percent are veterans, and 6.5 percent are children. While there is a claim that some progress has been made to decrease homelessness in some communities, a lot more needs to be done, especially in some of our largest cities where homelessness is, sadly, increasing exponentially: in my hometown of Los Angeles, homelessness increased 20 percent between 2014 and 2015; in New York City, homelessness increased 11 percent between 2014 and 2015; and in Chicago, there was an 8 percent increase in that timeframe. As public policymakers and Members of Congress, we have a responsibility to deal with problems and circumstances that undermine and harm our way of life. We are a people who cherish religion. In every religion, there is a reference to feeding the hungry, housing the homeless, and clothing the naked. Where are the Republican Members who regularly hold prayer meetings, who attend church on Sunday in their districts, but yet they are supporting this fake poverty agenda that does not even mention homelessness? Where are the Members who claim to honor our veterans, yet walk past them on the sidewalk in their tents and sleeping under our bridges? We know that we can functionally end homelessness and alleviate poverty in this country. We know that Federal resources and the social safety nets are incredibly effective at lifting up struggling families. We know that if we properly support the Department of Housing and Urban Development and other Federal agencies that we could create the necessary housing units and provide the social services that our neighbors need to get off the streets. What we need is, simply, the political will to get it done. Unfortunately, we do not have the support from Republicans whose sham of a poverty agenda released this week would only exacerbate homelessness and punish the poor. Take the Republican approach to housing assistance, for example. For years, they have cut funding for HUD programs, leaving more than 75 percent of eligible families without any housing help at all. And their latest poverty plan recycles some of the most harmful changes Republicans have sought for our housing programs. They refuse to acknowledge the realities of unaffordable rents that require families to earn almost triple the minimum wage to be able to afford a modest two bedroom apartment. And they want to impose these so called work requirements that simply don’t work if you ignore the already high unemployment rates in certain areas as well as the need to invest in job training, education, child care, and other social services to make it possible for individuals to obtain stable employment. What the Republicans have put forth is truly the wrong way forward. Fortunately, Democrats know what it takes; and when we talk about issues of homelessness in particular, there is a very simple solution to this very real problem. That is why I have introduced H.R. 4888, the Ending Homelessness Act of 2016. Now, a lot of people will say: Oh, my goodness, did you see how much money is in that bill? This bill would devote over $13 billion over 5 years to housing assistance programs and create the housing units and services that we so desperately need to get people off the streets. b1045 So while others will point to this bill and talk about the cost of it, the fact of the matter is, this is the richest country in the world, and we spend money on so many other things that are not as important as taking care of our most vulnerable population. So, yes, this is a $13 billion bill. We have to stop playing with this issue and thinking it is going to go away simply because we don’t want to acknowledge it. We have to pay for the possibility of ending this homelessness. I cannot bear the thought of children sleeping in their cars every night and getting up and going to school the next day. 
ADDRESSING THE NATIONAL DEBT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss one of the most serious issues facing the United States: the staggering national debt of over $19 trillion. This equates to $59,409 for every person living in our country. While the national debt has grown almost $9 trillion since President Obama was sworn in, here in Congress, we must work together to debate solutions that will address our country’s debt and get our fiscal house back in order. Every day, families in south Florida sit around the dinner table and make tough decisions on how they will spend their money. They stick to their budgets, and their government should be no different. Last October, I was proud to support a 2year bipartisan budget agreement that implemented new caps on discretionary spending for both fiscal years 2016 and 2017. Too often, enormous sums are wasted due to unpredictable budget cycles and government shutdown threats. With the adoption of this 2year budget, Congress was able to reduce wasteful government spending by providing certainty to agencies as they plan for the future. The budget also contains reforms to entitlement programs. It is important that we protect Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid—the invaluable safety net for those who need the help—while working to implement reforms to make these programs solvent for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance solutions that will rein in our national debt. It is our duty as elected officials to leave our children and grandchildren the same economic opportunities as previous generations had. That is my highest priority in Congress. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Joseph Gebara as he retires from his post as president of the MiamiDade County Council PTA/PTSA. Mr. Gebara has been integral to the organization’s mission of unlocking the potential present in every child. Mr. Gebara, who held his post since 2014, has always maintained an unwavering focus on his goals, and has used his position to effectively serve our community. For years he has been at the helm of a movement which seeks to engage with south Florida families and provide them with the tools necessary to empower their children and set them on a path towards success. Mr. Gebara has been firmly rooted in the south Florida community, which is evident through his service as board member of The Children’s Trust as well as chairman of the MiamiDade Public Schools Title I District Advisory Council. In those roles, Mr. Gebara worked tirelessly to facilitate collaboration between educators and families as well as increasing inclusivity so that every voice was heard, respected, and taken into consideration. I commend Mr. Joe Gebara for his service to the south Florida community, and congratulate him on a job well done. Mr. Speaker, I can personally attest to the fact that he is the most passionate advocate for children and families in our schools that I know. HOMESTEAD VETERANS CLINIC  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my strong support for the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs in allocating funds to create a new VA medical clinic in Homestead, Florida. As it currently stands, the Homestead Veterans Affairs Community Based Outpatient Clinic rents a medical office that does not meet the needs of military members and veterans in our south Florida community. With the establishment of a new clinic, Homestead would be able to serve more than 10,000 military personnel, veterans, and eligible family members in MiamiDade and Monroe Counties, which would be a substantial improvement from its current capabilities. Though this new clinic would be a step forward, there is still significant work that must be done to help our veterans and servicemembers living in the Florida Keys. They do not have a local clinic and must travel up to 4 hours to reach the nearest VA facility. These brave men and women deserve more easily accessible options, and I will continue fighting for them. Supporting our troops and veterans is essential to paying our profound debt of gratitude to the very people who have put their lives in danger to defend our freedoms. It is because of brave people like our veterans that America continues to have the strongest military in the world, and we must always honor them. 
CREATING A BETTER NATION FOR MY NEW GRANDCHILD AND FUTURE GENERATIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. CA´RDENAS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, Norma and I became grandparents. Our daughter, Vanessa—with our soninlaw, Brian, present—delivered a healthy baby boy, full of life and full of possibilities. His name is Joaquin Cruz de la Rosa. From the moment I first learned I would soon be a grandfather, I was excited to welcome our grandson into this great world. I am grateful that Joaquin was born in the greatest nation in the history of time, these United States of America, a country that strives to live the principles of hard work, persistence, and equality. He was born to a nation of native Americans and immigrants whose foundation and future relies on the grit and determination of millions of people who will persist so their family can achieve that American Dream. We were elected to the House of Representatives to serve all of our constituents and put our country first. Joaquin’s arrival has encouraged me to reflect on what we do here. He has made me think about how Congress’ words, actions, and obstructions are affecting the livelihood of all Americans. I want Joaquin to live in a nation where his right to love whomever he chooses and to marry the person he falls in love with, regardless of gender, is respected. I am grateful that he was born healthy and in a safe, clean hospital full of skilled doctors, nurses, and technicians. I am also grateful Vanessa and Joaquin Cruz received top notch health care, care that until recently was out of reach for many families. The Affordable Care Act has allowed countless pregnant women and newborn infants to see a doctor without risking bankruptcy. This sets them on the path of a healthy, productive life here in America. Now that 20 million more Americans have true access to health care, Congress must stop the efforts to repeal the healthcare law. Instead, we must come together to make sure we expand access, ensure the marketplace is working, and keep health care affordable for all Americans in this great country. Every Member of Congress has a responsibility to the next generation and the one after that. We are responsible for their future. We face a short 12 week session in this 114th Congress. What will we accomplish during this time? Will we vote on partisan bills that will go nowhere? Or will we face the challenges affecting our Nation and the world? Or will we, once and for all, think of the children and ensure future generations inherit a nation that remains the global leader, full of opportunities? We hold the power to make things better for our kids and grandkids. For my grandson, and all grandchildren, I will fight for a future where a quality education doesn’t put students and families into 6figure debt. Every child deserves a worldclass education that provides them with the knowledge and skills to achieve their dreams and uphold our place as a global leader in innovation. For my grandson and grandchildren of his generation, I will continue to be a vocal advocate on the need to create a just and equal criminal and juvenile justice system that is worthy of our Nation. We spend $12,000 to educate a child in America, but we are willing to spend more than $150,000 to imprison that child for 1 year. And yet every year funding for education ends up on the chopping block. How can we justify that? My grandson was born into a great country, but sometimes, Mr. Speaker, this Congress does not live up to the potential that this Nation deserves. A child in the United States is less likely to die from a disease than from a gunshot. We are better than that, Mr. Speaker. It is our responsibility to address this reality. 
We must work together for my grandson and all the children of his generation to make sure our parks are greener, our air is cleaner, to cure the sickness that is taking our climate, to make sure that a father or mother, no matter what their economic circumstances, does not have to worry that their child’s bathwater is poisoned. This is our job. It is our job to be leaders, and I will work with my colleagues every day to live up to what our grandchildren deserve. Far too often I hear elected officials spew the same line: ‘‘We are mortgaging our children’s future.’’ Our parents and grandparents invested in our Nation, and we have reaped those benefits. It is time that we do the same for future generations. That is what has made us the greatest economy in the world: investing in our roads and bridges, investing in schools and hospitals, in forward thinking legislation that will serve others for generations to come. Now more than ever, I understand just how important it is that we work together and create solutions so that our children will live a better life. 
YOUTH PROMISE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBSTER of Florida). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO) for 5 minutes. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to an incredibly important piece of legislation that will provide essential funding for programs which will go miles toward helping every young person in America who has maybe had a misstep reach their potential and achieve their American Dream. As I travel my district, I am so impressed as I meet some of the most incredible young people in north central Florida. These young Americans have the capability of literally changing the world and the capability of bettering their communities and setting a positive example for the youth that will follow in their footsteps. Unfortunately, too many will fall victim to the circumstances in which they were born. Too many will become familiar with the inside of a juvenile detention facility, as the image of the classroom fades from memory, and the alltoooften reality of life behind bars begins to materialize. I want to stress that if this happens to even just one child, that is one child too many. We live in the greatest nation on Earth. We tell our children they can be whatever they want to be when they grow up, yet we know the reality for some is that as these very words are spoken, there is no truth to them. These are the youth who fall subject to the cradletoprison pipeline, and it is unacceptable. These are the children in our communities, children who go to school with our own kids and, yes, in some cases even our own children. We have the ability to change their reality. H.R. 2197, the Youth PROMISE Act, will do just that. The Youth PROMISE Act establishes a PROMISE Advisory Panel of State representatives as well as local PROMISE Coordinating Councils, which will develop and implement evidencebased locally controlled—not Washingtoncontrolled—youth violence prevention and intervention practices and mentorship opportunities. These practices will occur on a community level, working with families, working with schools, nonprofits, juvenile justice advocates, and law enforcement officers to intervene early in a child’s life to prevent them from starting down a path that can easily define the remainder of their lives. Last Congress, the Youth PROMISE Act garnered the bipartisan support of over 130 Members of this body in Congress, yet it sat in committee for nearly 2 years. This Congress, the Youth PROMISE Act has sat in the House Committee on Education and the Workforce for over 400 days without action. Our youth cannot continue to wait. There are many issues that Congress deals with which Republicans, Democrats, and Independents cannot agree upon, but this is not one of them. If they have not already, I urge my colleagues to cosponsor this vital piece of legislation. I urge leadership in the House and the Senate to bring up this bill for a vote, a vote for our challenged youth so that they may continue the great posterity of this Nation. 
b1100 HONORING THE LIFE OF MARIA L. GUTIERREZ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a good friend and community leader, Maria L. Gutierrez. Maria led her life with purpose. She wanted to make a positive difference, and there is no doubt that she did that. She served as the general manager of Univision in Fresno, California, and led the television station to be one of the highestranking stations not only in the San Joaquin Valley, but in the Nation. She was a strong advocate for immigration reform, equal rights for women, and worked hard to bring more water to the Valley. She cared, she had a big heart, and she was a role model for all who knew her. We miss Maria dearly, especially that big smile that she always had on her face. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me and Maria’s family and friends in paying tribute to her life. May she rest in peace. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize June as Immigrant Heritage Month. We are a Nation of Native Americans and of immigrants past and immigrants present. That is America. For over 250 years, since the formation of the United States, immigrants have helped make our country what it is today. They add energy and value with each generation of Americans. California’s San Joaquin Valley, which I proudly represent, is home to people whose families come from all over the world. Their story is our story. It is one of achieving the American Dream, which is my family’s story. I am fortunate to represent and live in an area with some of the hardest working people you will ever meet in your life who have made lasting contributions to the San Joaquin Valley’s agriculture economy, businesses, education, and healthcare systems. Their contributions have had positive impacts not only in California, but throughout the Nation. Hispanic, Armenian, Italian, Portuguese, Sikh, and Hmong immigrants are among the many who have come from Asia, the Americas, Africa, and Europe to call America their home. These immigrant families, for generations, have been and always will be a cornerstone of a place that we call the United States of America. They are living out the American Dream, and their children and grandchildren continue to add value and make a positive difference in our valley and the Nation. Degrading immigrant communities is not an American value. Namecalling is not a virtue and never should be condoned. Insinuating that someone is not qualified based on their ethnicity and heritage is completely unacceptable, especially coming from someone who wants to be leader of the free world. The sad reality is that some individuals are going to use hateful rhetoric to tear us apart. It is wrong. But we must always remember that the bonds we share as Americans are far, far stronger than whatever differences we may have. Wrongly questioning a judge’s objectivity because of his ethnic background is pure and simple racism. It is not the American way. We are better than that. And, Mr. Trump, you should apologize for your hurtful statements. Instead of talking about a wall to keep people out, our next President must focus on efforts to pass comprehensive immigration reform so that we can fix our Nation’s broken immigration system. As I said, we are a Nation of immigrants. And that is one of the reasons why the United States is the greatest Nation in the world, period. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues and all Americans to join in celebrating immigrant communities throughout our great Nation by recognizing June as Immigrant Heritage Month. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward 
presumptive nominees for the Office of President of the United States, a principle memorialized in section 370 of the House Rules and Manual. 
SCHUYLKILL SCHOLASTIC DRINKING WATER AWARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the work of students from Perkiomen Valley High School and Phoenixville Area Middle School. Recently, the Schuylkill Action Network recognized the Perkiomen Key Club and the Phoenixville Envirothon and Environmental Awareness Club for their exceptional efforts to protect our local watershed. Perkiomen students designed and installed a rain garden in their township building, which I visited this past weekend, and which is expected to cleanse rainwater and remove pollution. Phoenixville students installed a ‘‘bioswale’’ to help absorb runoff and reduce pollution in Pickering Creek to keep their communities beautiful and healthy. For their efforts, the Schuylkill Action Network presented the Schuylkill Scholastic Drinking Water Award to these hardworking club members from both schools. Let me also recognize the Schuylkill Action Network and many watershed organizations across my district that do a great job protecting our watersheds. I want to congratulate these students for their ingenuity to keep the water in our congressional district clean and safe for our community. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Sarah Pennington for her courageous leadership on mental health. Sarah is a courageous, dynamic, hardworking high school student at Pottsgrove High School, and the reigning Miss Freedom Forge’s Outstanding Teen. She visited my office yesterday to bring attention to mental health issues and to discuss relevant policy reforms. Sarah has not graduated high school yet, of course, but she has already founded a nonprofit, Show Your Hero, with the goal of raising mental health awareness. I want to thank Sarah for her advocacy. I also have some exciting news. Sarah will be participating in Miss PA’s Outstanding Teen pageant from June 22 to June 24 in Pittsburgh. I want to wish her the very best in that pursuit. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the work of Phoenixville first responders. Recently, West End Ambulance and the Phoenixville Fire and Police Departments responded to a call for help. These devoted crews assisted an individual who went into cardiac arrest. Through their swift efforts to administer CPR, the responders were able to save a life. The Chester County EMS Council recognized the responders for their expertise on May 28, coinciding with National Emergency Medical Services Week, which honors those serving on our communities’ front lines every day. Mr. Speaker, I commend and thank these and all firefighters, officers, EMTs, and paramedics for their service. STATE OUTREACH FOR LOCAL VETERANS  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about a bill I introduced in the House called the SOLVE Act, short for the State Outreach for Local Veterans Employment Act. The SOLVE Act will provide Pennsylvania, and all States, with critical flexibility to utilize existing grant funds in the way that best serves the needs of each State’s unique veteran population. The American Legion, Paralyzed Veterans of America and National Guard Association of the United States, have all endorsed this commonsense bill. I encourage my colleagues to cosponsor this bill as well. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Wilson Southern Middle School as one of six exemplary middle schools in Pennsylvania recognized as a school to watch. I also thank the teachers, administrators, parents, faculty, and students for their hard work in making Wilson Southern Middle School such an exceptional middle school. We are very proud of you. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of Bringing Postpartum Depression Out of the Shadows Act. Every year, one in seven new mothers experiences perinatal depression, impacting babies and families for years to come. This bipartisan legislation, which I have cosponsored with Congresswoman KATHERINE CLARK of Massachusetts, would help those suffering receive the treatment they need. States would receive Federal funding to establish, expand, or maintain programs for screening and treatment of maternal depression. Thanks to the tireless efforts of mental health advocates, we have reached over 65 bipartisan cosponsors in the House. I am respectfully encouraging other Members and their staffs to look at this bill and join as cosponsors. It is the right thing to do as we seek to proactively address issues of postpartum depression in communities across this country. f 
THREE BRANCHES OF GOVERNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am a Member of the United States Congress and a very—I hate to use the term proud, but I am proud to have been a member of the Judiciary Committee for the number of years that I have served in this august place. As I serve, I am well aware of the importance of the Constitution and the very sacred responsibility that we have in protecting it. So I thought that, as a lawyer who has practiced and one who has served as an associate municipal court judge in my hometown of Houston, Texas, it would be important to remind Members of the established three branches of government and the responsibilities that each hold, but focus in particular on the executive— the President of the United States. In Article II, the Constitution, says: ‘‘The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America.’’ It uses the term that ‘‘he should hold,’’ and, in particular, it acknowledges that he or she should take care that the laws be faithfully executed. Article III establishes our judicial power. In particular, with respect to Federal courts: ‘‘all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under this Constitution, the Laws of the United States, and Treaties made, under their Authority.’’ All of these cases have jurisdiction under our Federal court system. So, the Federal courts and jurists are of keen importance. One would wonder how we establish the need for the rule of law and separation of powers. It came first from 1215, King John’s Magna Carta, which indicated that no one should be imprisoned, dispossessed, outlawed, exiled, or in any way destroyed, except by lawful judgment of his peers and the law of the land. I know that when I sat as a member of the bench, I would look at petitioners and I would hope that even though my history was that of a former slave, being an African American— when I say a former slave, descendants of such; the history of African Americans is such—and I would hope that my background would not have countered the fairness that I would have rendered to anyone who came before me. Judicial independence is something that we hold dear. The Founders understood that judges who are able to apply the law freely and fairly are essential to the rule of law. The Constitution guarantees our rights on paper, but this would mean nothing without independent courts to protect them. That means our judges in the Federal system should not be intimidated or influenced or protected 
from the influence of the other branches, as well as shifting popular opinion. This insulation is referred to as judicial independence. It allows our Federal judges to make decisions based on what is right under the law, without facing politics, such as not getting reelected; or, personal, such as getting fired or having their salary lowered. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I have often joined with the late Henry Hyde, then the chairman, who wanted to raise the salaries of our Federal judges. So I think it is imperative to come before this body, my colleagues, to raise great angst when someone’s ethnicity is called out as a reason that they cannot be fair. I am appalled that we have come to this in 2016, where, if I were to symbolically ascend to a Federal bench, or maybe the colleagues who many of us and the Senate have supported and the President has nominated—the diverse bench that represents Asians, Hispanics, African Americans, and women and men, Anglos, Caucasians—anyone would raise a question. I have been before a court and not welcomed the decision. There have been many reasons why I was not pleased with that decision. But I could not raise the question of race. And so I think it is worth condemning that we would have this kind of public discourse where the race of a Federal judge is raised. Remember what I said: judicial independence warrants that we, in fact, cannot intimidate the bench and not, in fact, deny the freedom of the court to decide cases based on facts and the law, not based on public opinion, the views of special interests groups, or even a judge’s own personal belief. The right of every citizen to a fair trial is a cornerstone of our democracy. Why should anyone be diminished, and why should the petitioner independently attempt to intimidate based on race? It is appalling. It is absurd. So I ask all of my colleagues, as protectors of the Constitution and people who are here making laws, to independently go out to the highways and byways of life and condemn those words. Need I say who it is? Condemn those words and condemn this kind of discourse. I would offer to say that anyone who has said those words and who pretends to put themselves forward to uphold this Constitution is disqualified and unfit. I would hope that we will have an independent executive under the Constitution, an independent legislative branch, and, of course, an independent judiciary—one of which I respect with the highest of authority. I will close by simply saying I have won cases; I have saved a hospital. I have lost cases. I have been affected by cases in my redistricting and denied the rights of the Voting Rights Act. But I will never undermine and diminish the Constitution for right cases and wrong cases, ever. I ask my colleagues to condemn those actions. 
b1115 CONGRATULATING ARMANDO VALLADARES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my dear friend and a true patriot, Ambassador Armando Valladares, for being awarded the Canterbury Medal, the highest honor bestowed by The Becket Fund for Religious Liberty. Armando Valladares spent 22 years in Castro’s gulags. He endured unconscionable torture while in prison. Why, Mr. Speaker? Because Armando refused to put a sign on his desk saying that he supported Fidel Castro. No matter how much abuse he endured in prison, Armando fought his jailers every day. He protected his conscience from the constant and ongoing attacks of the brutal Communist dictatorship. In 1988, President Ronald Reagan installed Armando Valladares as our U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Human Rights Council. Earlier this year, Ambassador Valladares wrote about President Obama’s misguided and dangerous overtures to the Castro regime—one sided negotiations. In a recent oped that Armando Valladares wrote, he said: ‘‘In agreeing to meet with Raul Castro, Obama rewards a regime that rules with brutal force and systematically violates human rights.’’ Ambassador Valladares, thank you for your courage. Thank you for your principled stand against the Castro regime. Godspeed, my friend. 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 100th anniversary of one of south Florida’s most notable cultural, historical, environmental, and archaeological treasures, the Charles Deering Estate, located in my beautiful congressional district. Charles Deering, the first chairman of the board of International Harvester, bought the property in the year 1916. Now, as a jewel of the MiamiDade County Parks, Recreation and Open Spaces system, the 444acre Deering Estate serves as a center of community life in the very groovy village of Palmetto Bay. It also conserves globally endangered native plant communities and is a focal point for the ongoing Biscayne Bay coastal wetlands restoration that aims to recreate more natural freshwater flows and to slow saltwater intrusion into our drinking water sources as sea levels rise. And the sea levels are, indeed, rising due to global climate change. Mr. Speaker, the Deering Estate’s future will be just as important as its past to all of south Florida. The Deering Estate is indeed a jewel in our already beautiful south Florida treasures. f 
BREAKING THE PROMISE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, the House is expected to take up the PROMESA bill today regarding the Puerto Rican debt crisis. This bill has serious implications to every taxpayer in the country. PROMESA applies a form of chapter 9 bankruptcy to the general obligation bonds of Puerto Rico that are guaranteed by the Commonwealth’s constitution. Article VI, section 8 of Puerto Rico’s constitution explicitly provides that ‘‘interest on the public debt and amortization thereof shall first be paid.’’ Well, this bill ignores the Puerto Rican constitution and breaks that promise, and here is why this is so important to the rest of the country: Every State government has similar constitutional provisions that guarantee its general obligation bonds. This is what allows States to borrow at extremely low interest rates: because their debt is constitutionally guaranteed and, therefore, the risk of default is extremely low. If Congress is willing to undermine a territory’s constitutionally guaranteed bonds today, there is every reason to believe it would be willing to undermine a State’s guarantee tomorrow. This, in turn, invites credit markets to question such guarantees as being no longer secured on constitutional bedrock but, rather, dependent upon the shifting whims of Congress. This, in turn, means the value of these bonds is devalued, and interest rates paid by taxpayers on that debt will increase. The Governors of six States have already raised this warning, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, whose credit is directly undermined by PROMESA, wants out of the bill for the same reason. Now, PROMESA could have respected the $18 billion of constitutionally guaranteed debt and focused instead on restructuring the $54 billion of Puerto Rican municipal debt that is not constitutionally guaranteed. After all, there is no reason to treat San Juan’s municipal debt any differently than San Jose’s. But constitutionally issued debt is fundamentally different, and its reliability must be maintained. Tellingly, supporters of this bill voted down just such an amendment in committee. Supporters have said they have addressed this concern by inserting instructions to the control board to ‘‘respect the relative lawful priorities in the constitution, other laws or agreements.’’ But ironically, one of those 
‘‘other laws’’ the control board is instructed to respect is the government’s repudiation of that debt. Furthermore, the same section instructs the control board to provide ‘‘adequate funding for public pension systems’’ and includes other contradictory instructions. The only possible interpretation of these provisions is that the sanctity of the sovereign debt is subject to balancing and, therefore, subordination to junior claims by the control board. Just last week, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and the White House admitted that this was both the intent and effect of the bill. Meanwhile, another provision of PROMESA prevents lawful bondholders from enforcing their claims in court for a period of 6 months but doesn’t prevent the government from paying out junior claims during this period. Indeed, in anticipation of this bill, the new budget for Puerto Rico increases general fund spending, while it radically reduces its debt service payments. Honoring the rule of law and maintaining the Commonwealth’s full faith and credit guarantee would be a powerful signal to bond markets that the United States stands by its promises, even when it is inconvenient. Under current law, it is in the interest of both sides, debtor and creditor, to work out terms that both can live with to restructure and repay this debt. Indeed, until the prospect of a congressional rescue arose, Puerto Rico was negotiating terms of a debt restructuring with the mutual consent of its creditors. It is also in the interest of the people of Puerto Rico to uphold the full faith and credit clause of their constitution, which will be vitally important for them to reenter the credit market once their affairs are put back in order. Puerto Rico faces both crisis and opportunity: a crisis born of slavish devotion to failed leftist economic policies, and an opportunity to replace those policies with proven free market solutions that can create a fresh start for the people of Puerto Rico and shine as a beacon of hope for other similarly afflicted States. I fear the net result of this legislation will be to spread the crisis to other States with heavy debts by increasing their debt service costs. 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO J. RANDY JACKSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WESTMORELAND ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my friend, a friend of Georgia’s Third Congressional District, and a friend of all Georgia, J. Randy Jackson, chief administrative officer for Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia, who tragically passed away on the afternoon of May 20, 2016. Randy was the first American employee hired for Kia’s plant in Georgia. He not only became the public face for Kia Motors in Georgia, but an advocate for the continued creation and development of employment opportunities for Georgians. When he came to Kia, and when Kia came to West Point, Georgia, West Point was a struggling city affected by the textile plant closings. But under Randy’s leadership ability to bring people together for the good of all, both Kia and West Point have thrived. Today, Kia is responsible for 15,000 jobs at the plant and in the surrounding community. Mr. Jackson played a key role in hiring thousands of those employees. A passionate worker, his enthusiasm for Kia and creating jobs cultivated a workplace that both blended corporate business and human needs. Randy had an almost unique way about him. Somehow, he was able to be comfortable and at ease while projecting that he had full control over every situation that might arise. Randy’s way was a remarkable blend of personality, caring, and expertise. Randy’s presence was felt beyond the walls of Kia—and will be for many years to come. He was, for example, involved in the THINC Academy, which strives to support the education of future generations of good employees. While Randy Jackson was a dedicated company man, he was also a devoted family man. He is survived by his wife of 35 years, Deborah Jackson. He was the proud father of two children, James Randall Jackson, Jr., of Kentucky, and Jennifer Caley Jackson of Milner, Georgia. His parents, James Edward and Pauline Greer Jackson of Macon, Georgia, and a sister, Delbra Jackson Hayes, of Perry, Georgia, also survive him. Mr. Jackson was a very loving and doting grandparent to his granddaughter, Scarlett Anne. Mr. Jackson also had softness in his heart for his beloved Rat Terrier, Rambo Brodie. Randy lived a life of hard work and love. He inspired those around him ‘‘to make every day better than yesterday.’’ His loss will be long felt at Kia and in the entire community. He made both better from his presence. At the plant, they talk about the Kia Way, emphasizing teamwork and problem solving to make progress. We all know that Randy’s way was the Kia Way. The community and the plant will go on; the plant he helped to make sure that it would, but it won’t be quite the same without him. Thanks, Randy, and until we meet again. 
HONORING PORT ALLEGANY, PENNSYLVANIA, ON ITS 200TH ANNIVERSARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to observe the 200th anniversary of the community of Port Allegany, McKean County, in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. Port Allegany was founded in 1816 as Canoe Place, located just 30 miles from the headwaters of the Allegheny River. True to its name—Port Allegany, which was bestowed in 1838—the settlement served as a port along the river for Native Americans and pioneers who would stop to build or repair canoes before traveling along the river. Later in its history, Port Allegany became known for its glass manufacturing. The first plant of the Pittsburgh Corning Corporation was constructed there in 1937, and glass block used in construction all over America are still built there. Today you can still find people enjoying the outdoors in the settlement first known as Canoe Place. Tourism is a big part of the town’s economy, with visitors enjoying canoeing, kayaking, and fishing. The celebration of Port Allegany’s anniversary will kick off Sunday and run through June 18 with plenty of activities, including an ice cream social, Pioneers Day picnic, a car cruise, and wagon rides. HONORING FORMER OIL CITY POLICE OFFICER  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Stanley Fedorek, a former police officer in Oil City, located in Venango County in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. Mr. Fedorek was recognized just this week as the oldest member of the Fraternal Order of Police in Pennsylvania at the age of 98. Fedorek has been a member of the Fraternal Order of Police for 68 years and received a certificate of appreciation and a commemorative letter from the organization. Mr. Speaker, Stanley Fedorek is also a veteran, serving as a first sergeant in the United States Army in Italy during World War II. He joined the Oil City Police Department following his discharge and served as an officer up until 1968. He later worked security at Mellon Bank. Mr. Fedorek has only missed two meetings in his time as a member of the Fraternal Order of Police, and he was still driving himself to those meetings at 95 years of age. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Fedorek for his service to the Oil City community and to our Nation. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) at noon. 
PRAYER Reverend Kent Clark, Grace Gospel Fellowship, Pontiac, Michigan, offered the following prayer: Our God, our Father, we call upon Your name—a name at which every knee shall bow. Your name is Wonderful, Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father. You are the Prince of Peace, the Rose of Sharon, the Lily of the Valley, and the bright Morning Star. You are the fairest of 10,000. You are the great creator God, alpha and omega, beginning and end, first and last. Your name is Redeemer and the Lord, the Way, the Truth and Life, Bread of Life, and Author and Finisher of our faith. We know no greater judgment could befall a nation than for it to be deserted by God, left to be the play thing of malignant forces. Speak to us, O great Jehovah. We know a sparrow does not fall without Your notice, and we know that a nation cannot rise without Your aid. In the name of Joshua, Jesus saves, Immanuel—God with us. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WALBERG led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f WELCOMING REVEREND KENT CLARK The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise—very proudly so—to pay tribute to an inspiring man, and I am proud to call him a mentor and a friend, Pastor Kent Clark. Pastor Clark is the senior pastor of Grace Gospel Fellowship Church in Pontiac, Michigan, and he is the chief executive officer of Grace Centers of Hope. Grace Centers of Hope is one of Michigan’s leading faithbased organizations that provides care for the homeless and for individuals who are fighting addiction. Grace Centers of Hope provides comprehensive programs for men, women, and children, including group and individual counseling, GED classes and testing, financial education, addiction and abuse classes, and child care. It also has a selffunded homeownership program and offers graduates of its program the opportunity to own their own homes. It does all of this without accepting government funding. Pastor Clark, truly, has a servant’s heart, and he and his wife, Dr. Pam Clark, and their family have dedicated their lives to helping those in need— with unparalleled commitment and devotion. Pastor Clark is a husband, a father, a grandfather, and a renowned author. He was also named ‘‘Michiganian of the Year’’ by the Detroit News in 2012. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to welcome my friend, Pastor Kent Clark, to the United States House of Representatives as our guest chaplain today. I would like to personally recognize and thank him for his tireless efforts and unwavering dedication to our community. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, Norfolk, Virginia, January 1, 2014: Melvin Alston, 32 years old; Marcus Deering, 22. Saylorsburg, Pennsylvania, August 6, 2013: James ‘‘Vinny’’ LaGuardia, 64 years old; David Fleetwood, 62; Gerard Kozic, 53. Beaumont, Texas, March 16, 2014: Darrell Hawkins, 34 years old; Anthony Ray Hawkins, 33; Reshawna Hawkins, 30. Savannah, Georgia, December 2, 2015: Brandy Council, 34 years old. Oceanside, California, March 13, 2013: Edgar Sanchez Rios, 16 years old; Melanie Virgen, 13. Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, May 24, 2014: Jamie Williams, 28 years old; Sandy Gaddis Barnwell, 22; Devonte Dantzler, 21. Killeen, Texas, February 22, 2015: Larry Guzman, 40 years old; Lydia Farina, 31; Dawn Giffa, 28. Auburn, Washington, March 31, 2013: Nicholas Lindsay, 26 years old. 
FOREST TREE DAMAGE TOLL AND FIRE DANGER (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, years of drought have left a terrible toll on the forests of the Sierra Nevada in California. The Forest Service estimates that there are at least 40 million trees that have died in California alone. The scope of this challenge is almost unbelievable, and the danger it presents is nearly unavoidable. However, there are steps that we can take to address it. While it is refreshing that the Forest Service is finally using the categorical exclusions that have been authorized under the recent farm bill to speed forest management projects, it won’t be enough to prevent forest fires of devastating sizes and scopes. The Forest Service should rapidly increase the numbers of publicprivate partnerships it engages in and allow the private sector to remove the dead trees that are just waiting for a spark. The Senate should act immediately to pass H.R. 2647 and allow forest fires 
to be funded like earthquakes, hurricanes, and other natural disasters so as to end the diversion of forest management funding that limits preemptive fuel reduction work. We also need to incentivize technologies like the usage of biomass, which can make productive use of damaged trees and brush, et cetera, and can generate longterm renewable power— baseload, reliable power. Congress should act to extend the same tax incentives that wind and solar power receive to biomass plants, which don’t just create power but do so more reliably and which have the additional benefit of consuming wood and slash that would otherwise burn in our forests, causing pollution. This would also bring jobs back, which are much needed in the rural part of America. 
MUHAMMAD ALI (Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, last week, the world lost a champion. Muhammad Ali was a gold medalist boxer and a threetime heavyweight champ, but what truly made him ‘‘The Greatest’’ was what he did outside of the ring. He had quick reflexes but a quicker wit. He was introduced to the world as a fighter, but he chose to hang up his gloves to stand up against the war. At a time when racism pushed so many people down, Muhammad Ali had the audacity to speak up—and people listened. I was lucky to have met Muhammad Ali several times. He spent much of his time in Los Angeles, and he became close with my dad, L.A. County Supervisor Kenneth Hahn. They were allies in the fight for civil rights and for struggling families. I have a Muhammad Ali story. In 1987, my dad suffered a debilitating stroke that left him partially paralyzed shortly before he was up for reelection to his 10th term. Muhammad Ali actually showed up at my parents’ home in South Los Angeles one day, and he told my father that he would personally push him doortodoor in his wheelchair if that is what it took to get him reelected. You can imagine what that meant to my dad, to me, and to all of the neighborhood kids who actually saw Muhammad Ali do that with my dad. I will never forget that moment, and the world will never forget Muhammad Ali. 
HONORING CAPTAIN BRADLEY LONG (Mr. MCHENRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise with a heavy heart to pay tribute to Captain Bradley Long, a fallen firefighter from my district. Captain Long was a dedicated public servant and was born to be a firefighter. In fact, he started volunteering as a junior firefighter when he was just 14 years old at the Sherrills Ford Terrell Fire and Rescue. He followed in his father’s footsteps, who had fought fires for 25 years. Though he was a full time firefighter with the Newton Fire Department, he also continued to serve as a volunteer at Sherrills FordTerrell Fire and Rescue, which is where he was serving when he died in a diving accident while attempting to rescue a missing swimmer. Following his death, Captain Long’s father described how Bradley loved what he did and how he loved helping people, and that is what he was doing when he gave his life. Captain Long is the epitome of a public servant, and he will be deeply missed. f 
CONGRESS MUST PASS THE EQUALITY ACT (Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, somewhere in America today there is a young person who, all of a sudden, realizes that he or she is gay. They are afraid that, if their parents find out, they may be tossed out of the house, that their classmates will taunt them, and there are still politicians who say that they are not equal. For years, these young people didn’t believe they had any options, but, today, because of the work of the LGBT community and because of leaders like Harvey Milk, they have hope. They can run for public office; they can serve in our military; they can marry whom they love. They have hope for a better future, but there is still work to be done. Across the country, including in Florida, LGBT Americans can still be discriminated against. That is why Congress must pass the Equality Act. We must pass it because it is the right thing to do. We must pass it for the young person who is still scared and struggling. We must pass it to give them hope. 
COMMEMORATING SOUTH CAROLINA STATE GUARD WEEK (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this week, South Carolina honors and pays tribute to the dedicated men and women of the South Carolina State Guard. The unpaid volunteers of the State Guard are always prepared for challenging events in the community. They respond quickly to work to help families recover after natural disasters. The South Carolina State Guard was crucial during the flooding last October. This 1,000year flood devastated many neighborhoods. Members from all three brigades of the State Guard worked around the clock in filling sandbags and in assisting engineers and law enforcement. I was grateful to visit disaster relief centers firsthand, which was coordinated with the State Guard, and I was accompanied by Representatives Kirkman Finlay and Chip Huggins. Our citizens really appreciate the command staff of the South Carolina State Guard for leading and inspiring these members: Major General Thomas Mullikin, Brigadier General Richard Leonard, Brigadier General Leon Lott, and Command Sergeant Major Mark Freeman. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy to the people of Tel Aviv as the latest victims of Islamic terrorists. f 
b1215 HONORING OFFICER VERDELL SMITH (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I express and join with the people of the City of Memphis who are mourning the loss of another law enforcement officer. Officer Verdell Smith, Jr., served 18 years as a Memphis policeman. He also served his country in the United States Navy. Last weekend, a man went wild in Memphis and shot three different people and then had his car hurtling at a high speed in the wrong direction on a oneway street toward a busy intersection of Beale and B.B. King. Officer Smith tried to clear the intersection of civilians to save them from tragedy. Unfortunately, Officer Smith was struck by the car and died. Officer Verdell Smith’s funeral will be tomorrow. He leaves behind a family, particularly two children, Chelsea and Verdell, Jr.; his stepchildren; his grandmother; his father, O’Dell Smith, Sr.; and siblings. Law enforcement put themselves in danger all the time to protect us. We appreciate their service. We mourn the loss of Officer Smith, a life of service. 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CROSWELL OPERA HOUSE (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 150th anniversary of Michigan’s oldest theater, the Croswell Opera House. The Croswell, located in the heart of Adrian, Michigan, is one of the oldest continuously operated theaters in the United States. Named for Charles M. Croswell, an Adrian resident and Michigan’s 17th governor, the auditorium first opened its doors in 1866 and 
has played host to many distinguished figures throughout the years, including Susan B. Anthony, Frederick Douglass, and Edwin Booth. Today, the 650seat auditorium is an official Michigan historic site and has been restored to its original 19th century splendor. The Croswell is a gem within our community that continues to maintain its reputation as the epicenter for the arts in southeastern Michigan. Please join with me today in honoring all of those involved in the theater’s fine tradition of excellence as we celebrate their 150th year anniversary. 
REJECTING RACISM (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, this week, we have seen a very clear difference between our two parties. I would remind my colleagues that this is the year 2016. It is not 1916. It is not 1816. We, as a Nation, have come so far. But there was a time when I, as a woman, would not have been allowed to vote, let alone speak on the floor of this Chamber. There was a time when our friends on the Congressional Black Caucus or our friends in the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, also, would not have been welcomed right here. You know what, we are better than that. We know that the diversity of our Nation makes us greater. So whenever racism rears its ugly head, all of us, Democrats and Republicans, have an obligation to reject it. Mr. Speaker, I have been very disturbed to see so many of my Republican colleagues trying to tiptoe around the offensive behavior of the new leader of their party, Donald Trump. I urge all of my colleagues to do the right thing and reject racist policies without any ifs, ands, or buts. 
RECOGNIZING ILLINOIS’ 18TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT SERVICE ACADEMY APPOINTEES (Mr. LAHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the impressive individuals who will be representing Illinois’ 18th Congressional District at three of the most prestigious academic institutions in our Nation, our U.S. service academies. Earlier this year, I nominated 22 individuals from my district, and seven of them have been accepted and will begin their service at the Air Force Academy, West Point, and the Naval Academy this summer. I was privileged to meet with these young men and women in my district last Friday, and the talent among these seven is indeed inspiring and diverse. These cadets and midshipmen are not only at the top of their class in academic achievements, but they also excel in extracurricular activities. We have a State wrestling champion, a hockey player who will be playing for the Air Force Academy, and a competitive golfer who will be playing at the Naval Academy. Most importantly, I was struck by their earnest commitment to serving our country. Many of these students come from families with a legacy of military service. We even have an aspiring Navy Seal and a JAG attorney in this group. I want to congratulate Randy Menyweather, II, Matthew Helmich, Faith Kim, Trevor Stone, Eric Betts, August Will, and Morgan Riley. Thank you to these students for their commitment to our country, and to their families for raising them, and to those in our Illinois communities who have helped them reach this accomplishment. I wish them much success. f 
CELEBRATING DR. ALLAN WOLFSON (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate a dear friend and mentor of mine, Dr. Allan Wolfson, program director of the emergency medicine residency at the University of Pittsburgh, for his retirement. Abby trained me in emergency medicine, which has benefited thousands of patients I have cared for. He is the longest active serving residency program director in emergency medicine. Among his over 360 trainees are several deans of medical schools and chairs of departments of emergency medicine. He is so good and wellrespected by his peers that he has been recognized and honored by many prestigious organizations. He received the National Emergency Medicine Residents Association Residency Director of the Year award in 2012. He even wrote the premier textbook of emergency medicine. He loves to teach, loves to mentor, loves emergency medicine, loves his residents, and loves to have a good time. Abby, you know what I mean. You trained me to be an advocate for my patients. I carry that cando, problemsolving, patientsfirst advocacy with me now in Congress. First and foremost and always an emergency physician. Abby, congratulations and thank you. 
HURRICANE PREPAREDNESS (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, we are in the midst of hurricane season. My constituents and all Americans in coastal regions are susceptible to these devastating storms. Disasters can strike at any time, often with little warning. Just days ago, my district was hit by Tropical Storm Colin. The winds and heavy rains were intense, causing dangerous flooding. It is important that we have a plan in place. We must all be prepared with supply kits filled with potential lifesaving items, like flashlights, radios, and batteries. It is also crucial to follow local weather forecasts and heed any emergency warnings. The best way to guarantee safety is thorough preparation. My Web site at Bilirakis.house.gov as well as FEMA.gov both have important resources available to you. This year, be sure you are ready and safe. f 
POVERTY (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, nearly 47 million people are living in poverty in the United States. That is about 10 times the total population of Los Angeles. And, Mr. Speaker, no matter how hard these families work and no matter how much these families save, they are still not able to get ahead. These families struggle to feed themselves and their children. They struggle to save for a home. They struggle to live the American Dream that we all yearn for, and that is unacceptable. That is why I support expanding programs, which I believe help and provide a social safety net. Essential programs like the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program or Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, and the Free and Reduced Lunch Program serve specific community needs. Mr. Speaker, we need to bring legislation to the floor that will help families, help families to help themselves get ahead, proven programs. Let’s not condense or cut them. Let’s work on legislation to help these families. 
OZONE STANDARDS IMPLEMENTATION (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 4775, the Ozone Standards Implementation Act. Under the Clean Air Act, the EPA has used the National Ambient Air Quality Standards to impose costly and burdensome regulations on American manufacturers and the American people. By the EPA choosing to lower the NAAQ Standards further, many businesses will suffer while still struggling to meet the original standard. American businesses have already spent billions of dollars and years of planning to meet the 75 parts per billion original 
standard and will now find themselves unable to meet the new requirements. We can’t and shouldn’t change the rules in the middle of the game. Businesses across America and in Georgia 12, like many paper mills and manufacturing plants that are economic drivers in our area, have already spent billions to make our air cleaner. H.R. 4775 ensures that States and counties have the needed flexibility and time to comply with these standards while keeping our air clean and safe. I am proud to support this bill and commend my colleagues in the House for passing it this week. 
HATEFUL RHETORIC (Mr. CROWLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, if I were to stand here today and read an agenda on attacks on immigrants, Muslims, women, and families living in poverty and even the judicial system, you might think it was the campaign platform for the Republican candidate for President. But every one of those hasn’t just come from ‘‘Con Man Don.’’ They have been embraced, affirmed, and in many cases even inspired by this Republican Congress. So you could be forgiven for being confused because the truth is they are all one and the same. We are used to this hateful rhetoric coming from the other side of the aisle. Sometimes it is masked in legislation; sometimes not so much. But when the leader of their party, their standardbearer, ‘‘Con Man Don’’ makes racist and discriminatory remarks as easily as if he were reciting the alphabet, it begs the question: ‘‘What do Republicans stand for?’’ You only have to look at all they have in common with ‘‘Con Man Don,’’ a candidate they have even admitted has made racist statements. It is clear they stand with ‘‘Con Man Don,’’ but it is also clear who they don’t stand with and, that is, the American people. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward presumptive nominees for the Office of President. 
CASTNER RANGE NATIONAL MONUMENT (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the 110th anniversary of the Antiquities Act. From the first national monument, Devils Tower in Wyoming that was designated in 1906, to the Statue of Liberty in New York, and Glacier Bay in Alaska, over 148 designations have been made by 16 Presidents, most of them Republicans. While the last 110 years have arguably been successful for this country, we can do better. Today’s national monuments and the people who visit them do not reflect the great diversity of this country. That is why I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting the Castner Range National Monument Act. The Castner Range is in El Paso, Texas. It is 7,000 acres of pristine Chihuahuan desert, Rocky Mountain wilderness surrounded by a community that is 85 percent Mexican American. The last 110 years have been great. I ask my colleagues to support me and join me in ensuring that the next 110 years are even better. f 
DENOUNCE THE HATEFUL RHETORIC (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I am calling on House Republicans to denounce the hateful rhetoric coming from the leader of their party. Week after week, House Republicans, my colleagues, publicly announce their endorsement of Donald Trump. They aren’t just endorsing the candidate, but also the hateful and discriminatory agenda set by their party’s Presidential nominee. House Republicans cannot continue to support him and denounce his inflammatory rhetoric, including the demonization of our friends that are Hispanic and Muslim, at the same time. Mr. Speaker, it is time for Republicans to step up. It is time for them to step up to the plate and do the right thing and denounce this bigotry. You can’t pretend that the things that your party’s leader is saying aren’t hurtful and divisive to the American public. Mr. Speaker, it is time to do the right thing, step up, come up with an agenda that is good for all Americans, and stop pretending as if the things that the leader of your party is saying isn’t hurtful. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would, again, remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward presumptive nominees for the Office of President. 
b1230 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5278, PUERTO RICO OVERSIGHT, MANAGEMENT, AND ECONOMIC STABILITY ACT Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 770 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 770 provides for consideration of H.R. 5278, the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act, or PROMESA. The resolution provides for a structured rule and makes in order eight amendments. This bill addresses a very serious issue as it relates to the financial situation in Puerto Rico. The Government of Puerto Rico has racked up over $118 billion in debt. They have already defaulted on portions of their debt in May, and they face another deadline on July 1. The territory has reached a point where they can no longer meet the basic demands of their citizens. The Constitution makes clear that Congress has the authority over territories. Article IV, section 3, clause 2 of the Constitution states: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States . . . ’’ After hearing calls for greater autonomy, in 1950 Congress recognized Puerto Rico’s authority over internal matters through passage of the Federal Relations Act. Congress also approved Puerto Rico’s constitution in 1952. So we gave them the control they demanded, and with that, they attempted to become a liberal paradise by raising taxes, expanding government programs, and spending at unsustainable rates. To help pay for these policies, Puerto Rico issued billions of dollars in bonded debt that they can no longer pay back. Now they are demanding help, which puts Congress in a very difficult position. The fact that we have reached this point is a direct result of the President and the Treasury Department being asleep at the switch. They either were not paying attention to the financial situation in Puerto Rico or they were paying attention and chose to do nothing. I want to highlight a few important things about this bill. First, this bill is not a bailout. The American taxpayers did not create this problem, and we shouldn’t send their money to something they did not cause. What really worries me is that if Congress doesn’t act on this legislation, then we will find ourselves in a position at some point facing serious pressure to vote on a true actual bailout of Puerto Rico. That would be a grave mistake. As the president of Americans for Tax Reform noted in an oped for the National Review, ‘‘Congress needs to step in now; otherwise, a huge taxpayer bailout is the likely outcome. PROMESA is the best, most fiscally responsible way to prevent a bailout from occurring.’’ This bill does not include a single penny in taxpayer money. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office found that this bill would have ‘‘no significant net effect on the Federal deficit.’’ So let’s try and get this problem resolved in a fiscally responsible way that does not use taxpayer dollars. Second, the policies in Puerto Rico have led to this problem, so it is important that the legislation address some of these policies and require greater accountability. The bill does this through the creation of a sevenperson financial oversight board which is responsible for the development of budgets and fiscal plans for Puerto Rico. The bill also includes some commonsense policy changes that will hopefully ease the burdens on the Puerto Rican Government by prohibiting the costly new overtime rule from taking effect and giving them flexibility with minimum wage requirements for young workers. Through better oversight and regulatory reforms, it is my belief the Puerto Rican economy can grow and the country can get back on a more stable financial footing. I want to make one thing very clear. I and every Member of this House have great empathy and appreciation for the Puerto Rican people because they did not cause this problem. I have had the honor of traveling to Puerto Rico and visiting this beautiful place. I enjoyed meeting the people and really appreciated their hospitality. I believe it is important we do what we can in a responsible manner to support the Puerto Rican people. Ultimately, I wish this legislation wasn’t necessary, but the reality of the situation demands action. So I call on my colleagues to support this rule, support the underlying bill, and let’s address this problem in a responsible way without a bailout. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Alabama, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. The people of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico face an urgent fiscal crisis, and this institution’s delay in addressing this crisis has left the United States citizens on that island in dire straits. In June of 2015, Puerto Rico’s Governor stated that the Commonwealth would not be able to pay its debts. Now Puerto Rico faces a $2 billion interest and principal payment on July 1. It is unlikely the Commonwealth will be able to make this payment. So I am pleased that, finally, after a full year, this body has decided that the citizens in the Commonwealth deserve relief from this growing humanitarian disaster. However, now that legislation has been brought forward to deal with this issue, I fear that the solution to this problem presented here will hobble the workers of Puerto Rico for some time to come. While the bill accomplishes much by way of addressing the debt crisis in Puerto Rico, it also hamstrings workers by expanding the subminimum wage on the island. This legislation expands the application of the Federal subminimum wage to those under 25 years old and extends the application of this subminimum wage to those workers from 90 days to up to 4 years. Just for reference, the subminimum wage that will now be subjected to workers 25 years old and younger and for up to 4 years is $4.25 an hour—$4.25 an hour—a full $3 per hour less than the workers in the States make when, indeed, the workers in the United States ought be making $15 an hour. The bill would also delay implementation of the Department of Labor’s rule on overtime pay until the GAO completes a study, which could take up to 2 years. This means that under the provisions of this bill, the young people of Puerto Rico will be paid a subminimum wage, and the rest of the workers on the island will not be eligible for the new overtime rules, losing out on hardearned money for working long hours. While some legislative solution is necessary in order to responsibly address Puerto Rico’s debt crisis, these provisions are unconscionable. It is long past time that we start treating our fellow citizens in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico—as well as the District of Columbia and the Virgin Islands and American Samoa and Guam and the Marianas—with dignity and respect, not with provisions to limit their ability to earn the same amount of money for their hard work as any other American. It is all right for them to go to war and die—and they do in sometimes disproportionate numbers— but we don’t want to see to it that they receive an appropriate wage. Also disconcerting to me is what is not found in the bill, which is any money to address the Zika virus on the island. Make no mistake, the fiscal situation and the response to this virus are linked. I know that there will be some that will argue that the House passed $633 million, the Senate passed $1.2 billion, and they will go to conference, but I am talking specifically about this financial crisis and Puerto Rico’s problem. Given the financial situation on the island, there are grave concerns about the Commonwealth’s ability to handle an outbreak of the virus. Already there 
are over 1,000 local cases of Zika in Puerto Rico. To put that in perspective, there are today just over 600 cases in the continental United States, and nearly all of those are travelrelated. As we move further into the summer and into the mosquito season, I fear that what is already a fiscal crisis could turn into a growing health crisis as the economically stressed island will be left with little resources to deal with the virus and a Congress that is unwilling to adequately fund a response. These wage and overtime provisions will do nothing but increase poverty and force more Puerto Ricans to leave the island. This bill may take steps to right the Puerto Rican economy, which is currently in shambles, but at what cost? Treating the young and the workers of Puerto Rico as second and third class citizens? Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), my colleague on the Committee on Rules, brings up two very important issues. Indeed, nothing in this bill would require people to pay the subminimum wage. It simply allows it. It provides it as an alternative. b1245 I think this is a situation where Puerto Rico is going to need all the alternatives it can possibly have at its disposal to deal with what is truly a devastating fiscal problem and a devastating economic problem, which gets to a second point he brought up. When you have a breakdown in the economy, as you have got, and a breakdown in the government’s financing, as we have got in Puerto Rico, it has dramatic effects in other parts of society. We are already seeing a breakdown in their hospitals and their ability to deliver health care. And education, for that matter. So the best way we can address healthcare problems, whether it is Zika or something else or the other myriad of problems that result from this, is to get this bill passed and get Puerto Rico quickly on the road to recovery, both fiscally and economically. I heard my friend’s comments. I understand them. But the best way to get where we are trying to go is to give Puerto Rican people the most options we can to deal with this problem and also get them on the road as quickly as we can. And that is what the bill is designed to do. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ) who really knows Puerto Rico, in light of the fact that he is the Congressman representing Puerto Rico. Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, in the last year and a half, this Congress has held nine hearings on Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory, home to 3.4 million American citizens. These hearings confirmed that Puerto Rico is in jeopardy right now. Not next year. Now. Island residents are relocating to the States in unprecedented numbers. The Puerto Rican Government is on the brink of collapse, a victim of decades of inequality at the Federal level and mismanagement at the local level. The government and its instrumentalities have $70 billion in bonded debt, three public entities on the island have already defaulted on payments to creditors, and larger defaults appear imminent. Puerto Rico’s three main pension systems are severely underfunded, placing at risk the retirement security of over 330,000 individuals. The government of Puerto Rico has lost access to the credit markets, so it cannot borrow money to meet current obligations. All objective observers, including virtually every major editorial board in the Nation, understand that the government of Puerto Rico must restructure its debts—ideally, through voluntary agreements with creditors, but through a courtsupervised process, if necessary. It is regrettable that we have reached this point, but it is reality. We must confront this challenge with courage and candor. PROMESA gives Puerto Rico the critical tool it lacks; namely, a legal mechanism to restructure its debts in an orderly way, ensuring the sacrifice will be shared in a fair and equitable manner. Without PROMESA, the Puerto Rican Government is likely to collapse, participants in pension plans will be terribly damaged, and most bondholders could lose their investments. Absent this bill, almost nobody wins and nearly everybody loses. Now, PROMESA pairs debt restructuring authority with the creation of an independent oversight board to help the Puerto Rican Government better manage its public finances, balance its budgets, become more efficient and transparent, and regain access to the credit markets. There are some Puerto Rican politicians who seek broad debt restructuring authority from Congress, but oppose an oversight board. This is not a realistic option, and would result in Puerto Rico receiving nothing. I fully understand the importance of democracy and dignity. As a lifelong advocate for statehood for Puerto Rico, I want full democratic rights for the island on both the national and local level, not fewer democratic rights. My test from day one has been that the board should have the authority to oversee, but not to command and control, the Government of Puerto Rico. PROMESA meets this test. After intensive negotiations, the bill establishes a reasonable board with powers far less potent than the powers that Congress gave the board it established for the District of Columbia in 1995. If the Puerto Rican Government does its job well, the board will have a limited role and will cease to operate within a few years. PROMESA, like any product of bipartisan compromise, is not perfect. For instance, the minimum wage provision is deeply misguided, and I support Mrs. Torres’ amendment to remove it from the bill. I will explain it in plain language. It makes no sense to apply a different Federal minimum wage to Puerto Rico, because it simply encourages Puerto Ricans to migrate to the States or otherwise not to seek a job and rely on government assistance. Nevertheless, I should say that there is almost zero chance this provision will affect a single worker in Puerto Rico, since the government will retain the ability to prevent its use. This bill is the best chance we have to solve the immediate fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico and to place the island on the path to a brighter future. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate the remarks of the gentleman from Puerto Rico. I hope he was in the Chamber and he heard words that I said. Everybody in this House stands with the people of Puerto Rico. Our hearts go out for them. This is a very difficult situation. He used a very strong phrase. He said that they are on the brink of collapse. And I agree with my friend from Florida: no one would know better than the gentleman from Puerto Rico. We want to keep them from collapsing. There are many of us on this side that would rather do nothing, but we understand that there has to be some responsibility here. And so this is an effort to exercise responsibility in a fiscally sound way, and I believe that is what this does. So I appreciate the gentleman’s remarks. This is an urgent time for him and his people, and it is time for us to act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, when I came to Congress in 1993, among the first people that I met and got to know and have been fast friends with since, is the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ), my good friend who also has not only great wisdom on the subject of immigration and social policies in this country, but certainly his understanding of Puerto Rico. I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ). Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and to the underlying bill. I submitted 10 amendments for consideration, and not one of them was ruled in order to be debated today by my colleagues. But I don’t oppose the bill because I didn’t get an amendment in here. The fact that my amendments were deemed unsuitable for debate by the Congress of the United States is an indication of the underlying problems with the bill. 
If you can’t debate the future of Puerto Rico here in the Congress of the United States, imagine when you give it to seven people unelected by anyone in Puerto Rico or in the United States that can meet in secret. They can meet in secret without informing us of any one of their decisions. If we can’t have a debate about Puerto Rico, if it is so important, why not take time to have a debate about the amendments that are offered by people here. We are engaged today in a wholly undemocratic activity in the world’s greatest democracy. We are debating how we will take power from people who are virtually powerless already. As I have said throughout this debate, Puerto Rico, by virtue of court cases and the Territorial Clause of the Constitution, ‘‘belongs to, but is not a part of the United States.’’ I say to all of my colleagues: treat them with dignity, with respect. Do not put blinders on as though they do not exist. Yes, the Territorial Clause of the Constitution of the United States says that they are a territory and that, therefore, they are property of the United States of America. But I submit to each and every one of you that they are live human beings with hearts, with souls, and they should demand and receive the respect of any other human. Don’t treat them like a piece of trash. Don’t treat them like an inanimate object that has no right to dignity and to respect, which is what we are doing here today. I cannot vote for this. President Obama referred to the special place that Kenya owns in his heart because, he says: It will always be a special place because that is the place of the birth of my father. Let me submit to you that Puerto Rico is the place of the birth of my father. And I cannot come here and turn my back on the place of the birth of my father with this outrageously undemocratic and this outrageously unfair proposal to the people of Puerto Rico. Think about it. You are imposing a junta, because that is what they are calling it. There will be no difference between this junta and the junta of Pinochet in Chile, as far as the international community is concerned. And why? Because yesterday—and the Speaker of the House of Puerto Rico is in the gallery—they approved a resolution rejecting this junta. Elected by the people of Puerto Rico. And what does the Congress of the United States, the democracy of the world, say? We don’t care. Today, as we speak, the Senate in Puerto Rico has a resolution rejecting it. And just this past Sunday, every candidate for Governor in Puerto Rico, every last candidate for Governor of Puerto Rico that was successful had in their platform a rejection of PROMESA. How many times do the people of Puerto Rico have to reject this proposal so that the Congress of the United States treats them with some respect and some dignity? And I just want to say: Control board? Where was the last control board we know so much about? Flint, Michigan. And what did the control board do? They poisoned the people— American citizens—in Flint. Let me suggest to you that if you give power to a control board unelected and unsupervised by anyone here, be careful. Be careful. Remember Flint. Remember the poisoning of the people and what the control board did there. That is exactly what we should suspect will happen. People say: LUIS, what is your alternative? Our alternative is quite simple: have a conversation. Not a conversation that begins: we will not spend a penny on the people of Puerto Rico. That is the way our conversation went. We will not. You have to show me a solution in which we do not spend a penny. Well, let me tell you, we spend money. The Jones Act imposed on the people of Puerto Rico the most expensive merchant marine in the world. It costs $500 million a year. Why don’t we lift that from them? We believe in democracy, we believe they should be free. Why don’t we lift that from them? Medicaid and Medicare. Have you seen the reimbursement schedules to Puerto Rico? They pay the same in FICA taxes, but don’t receive the same in terms of reimbursements. In 2006, the wisdom of this Congress was to say to the people of Puerto Rico: we don’t care that you are going to lose hundreds of thousands of jobs. We are eliminating section 936 of the Internal Revenue Code that created jobs. The people of Puerto Rico want jobs. They want jobs and they want the dignity and the respect of being American citizens of this Nation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. And they demand the dignity and the respect that comes. They don’t come here on their knees. They are a proud people. They are a people who want to use their creativity and their energy. This Congress of the United States has said they are a colony. I didn’t say that. The Committee on Natural Resources says: we have plenary powers over the people of Puerto Rico. I didn’t say that. You said that. If you have plenary powers over the people of Puerto Rico, then assume your responsibility that comes with those plenary powers over the people of Puerto Rico. Please don’t tell me you are going to put Puerto Ricans on the board. I lived in Puerto Rico. I remember when the sugarcane cutters would cut the sugarcane. Let me assure you there were Puerto Ricans in charge of exploiting those workers in the sugarcane field. There have been many times in history when the very same people who have been put in charge exploit their own. Give us dignity. Give us transparency. Do it at least in the Spanish language so the people can know what is going on. At least King George, when he would come with his decrees—before he burned this building down—would write his decrees in English so that we would understand what he was doing. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded and requested not to refer to occupant of the gallery. b1300 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S ENSENBRENNER ). Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I visited Puerto Rico, and believe me when I say the fiscal crisis the island is facing is, in every way, a crisis. Hospitals can’t pay their bills. They have closed wings of the hospital. One hospital is $4 million in debt because they haven’t paid an electric bill. Some people will point out that this is largely a crisis of Puerto Rico’s own making. They are right; the gentleman from Illinois is wrong. Puerto Rico has had internal self government for over 50 years. It wasn’t the Congress that forced Puerto Rico to pile up debt after debt after debt after debt; and it wasn’t the Congress that tapped Puerto Rico on the shoulder until now and said: You can’t sustain this debt. There already have been two defaults. There is a $2 billion default coming on the 1st of July because they don’t have the money to even do their debt service; and despite this dire situation, the Puerto Rican Government has increased its spending on everything except, ironically, debt service. I see what is happening in Puerto Rico as a cautionary tale for us here in Washington and here in the Congress of the United States. Now, PROMESA is not rewarding bad behavior. If we wanted to reward bad behavior, we would pay billions of dollars in a taxpayerfinanced bailout to finance all of this irresponsible borrowing that has been going on in Puerto Rico. Significantly, this bill does not commit one penny of taxpayer funds to bail out Puerto Rico. The fiscal oversight board is designed to help Puerto Ricans set their finances in order when they have failed to do so by themselves. Now, let me say something. I heard the gentleman from Illinois talk about us treating Puerto Rico as a colony. That has not been the case since Mr. Munoz Marin, the legendary Governor of Puerto Rico, persuaded this Congress to give Puerto Rico internal self government. What has happened here is internal selfgovernment has failed, and that is why we are talking about this today. I don’t think many of my constituents in Wisconsin or Mr. DUFFY ’s constituents or Chairman BISHOP ’s constituents really were concerned about 
Puerto Rico, but we were; and we stepped up to the plate and offered a solution that has attracted bipartisan support and the support of the administration. What do we hear from the opponents of this piece of legislation, one of whom just spoke very eloquently? It is wrong. It is bad. We shouldn’t do that. We are ignoring the people of Puerto Rico. Well, we are not doing that. We are making sure in this bill that the pain is shared. If this bill doesn’t pass, there is no plan B, and Puerto Rico is going to collapse into an economic morass. There is no plan B. I haven’t heard anything from those who are opposed to this bill on what their alternative is. They have had a year to come up with their alternative, and all they do is make fiery speeches against what has been a very long and patient negotiated process. They are not a part of the solution. They are trying to engender more opposition, and they are a part of the problem. Pass this rule. Pass this bill. Let’s get Puerto Rico back on track, and this is a way to do it with some help from the oversight board. Puerto Ricans are going to have to do this themselves. They haven’t been able to do it without a tap on the shoulder. Too bad there is an oversight board, but that is the only game in town. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, through you, I will advise my friend from Alabama that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close whenever he is. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to another gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Alabama for yielding. It is a fascinating debate, where two sides of the political aisle have come together, at the start, from very different vantage points on how to help Puerto Rico but have consistently worked together to find a compromise that all of us think is going to leave Puerto Rico better off than it is today. I heard the gentleman from Illinois, in his fiery remarks, talking about dignity and respect for the people of Puerto Rico. He was saying that people in Puerto Rico are being treated like trash. The economic stats are staggering of what is happening in Puerto Rico: the unemployment rate, it is double that of the mainland; the labor participation rate is 20 points lower than the national average; and thousands of people every month are leaving the island because there is not enough economic opportunity. If you want to talk about dignity and respect, look at the poverty on the island. Look at the despair on the island. I mean, you have families that are being separated because they have no jobs. They can’t live in their neighborhoods, in their communities with their families because they can’t find an opportunity, so they have to go somewhere else. That is not dignity. That is not respect. So this Congress has come together with a unified voice to come up with a package that can actually get Puerto Rico on an economic path to prosperity. Listen, I would love if we can say to the Puerto Rican Government: You guys have to do a better job of managing your debt. Guess what. It has been a failure, with $73 billion in debt. They can’t get their hands around it. The people have lost trust in the government, and so they are saying: If you look at the polls, we want Congress to act. We want Congress to do something. We can’t get saved at home. Would the U.S. Congress please step in? Would you please help us out? They aren’t opposed to an oversight board to help manage the finances of the island. They are not opposed to a system to restructure Puerto Rican debt, a system that, by the way, makes sure that the bondholders of Puerto Rican debt will bear the loss, not the American taxpayer, because I think this institution believes that we should have the bondholders bear that loss instead of the American taxpayer. We don’t believe in capitalism on the way up, where you get all the rewards of your investment and bonds, but socialism on the way down, so, if you lose in an investment, the taxpayer will bail you out. That is not what we believe in. So I guess when I hear opponents who talk about their fathers being born in Puerto Rico and them wanting to die in Puerto Rico, I love the passion, I love the fire, but you have to have a heart and look at what is happening on the island and look at a commonsense, bipartisan solution where you have the President of the United States, the Treasury, the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ), who has been masterful in helping make sure that we stay on target, we understand what is going on on the island, that we understand what will work and what won’t work, that we have come together, two different parties, actually, the Speaker of the Puerto Rican House engaging with us on how we are going to fix the island. One quick last point. This is about debt restructuring. This is about getting the finances in order. But this also has to be about economic growth. You won’t have a recovery until you have economic growth. We incent investment on the island. Though we haven’t done enough— there is still more to do—both sides have committed to making sure we come up with a strategy and a plan to make sure we have investment in Puerto Rico, so there is more opportunity, more jobs, more tax revenue, and more prosperity for the Puerto Rican people. I am proud of the work that this House has done on this bill, the different sides, different views, different opinions that have come together to make this bill happen. I would encourage everyone to support the rule and, later today, support this bill. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. There is no doubt that the people of Puerto Rico find themselves in a dire situation, and there is no doubt that this situation has been made worse by the snail’s pace with which the majority has seen fit to address the problems facing the people of Puerto Rico. Though the restructuring of Puerto Rico’s debt is certainly needed, I worry that the burdens placed upon the residents of the island, through this bill, really only amount to punting on important issues that we will, nonetheless, have to address somewhere down the road while making these important issues all the more complicated when we do get to the business of actually helping the people of Puerto Rico. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, Mr. Speaker. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I appreciate the remarks of my friend from Florida. This is a tough issue, there is no question about it. There are many of us that don’t really understand how we got to this point. I have been trying to do some digging about that. The truth of the matter is that the people in the Federal Government who were supposed to be looking over this and watching Puerto Rico and making sure that, if things needed to be done, they were done appropriately, under the law, were the President of the United States and the Treasury Department, and they failed. Now, they failed in watching the situation and raising the alarm for the rest of us. Let’s make no mistake about it. The people of Puerto Rico elected governments, and those governments that have home rule authority made decisions that have put this island, as we just heard, on the brink of collapse because they spent money they didn’t have, and they racked up debt they can’t pay back. Now, let’s just stop and think for a minute. Where are we going in the United States of America? We are spending money we don’t have, and we are racking up debt that there may come a day, for our country, as it is for Puerto Rico, that we won’t be able to pay back; and then we, as the United States of America, will be on the brink of collapse. So perhaps we should learn a lesson here, that the decisions we make in this House about the future of the United States of America, those decisions could lead to the very same result for our country that we see for Puerto Rico. My heart goes out to the people of Puerto Rico. They are suffering, and the suffering will get worse if we do not act. 
The sponsor of the bill used two phrases with regard to this legislation that really struck me. He said it is ‘‘common sense’’ and ‘‘bipartisan.’’ Isn’t it a good thing that we have commonsense legislation that is bipartisan? Isn’t that what the people of the United States of America send us here to do? Let’s come together, as one House, with one voice, help the people of Puerto Rico, and then, together, sit down and learn the lesson of what has happened here so that we don’t repeat those mistakes for our country and end up with the United States of America on the brink of collapse. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I stand before you today to discuss H. Res. 770, the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 5278—Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA). Our consideration of PROMESA must be a very thoughtful analysis of an outcome where the people of Puerto Rico will be empowered and be on a path towards progress where working families, their children and pensioners can be on a pathway towards a better future. PROEMSA is a bipartisan measure and effort to assist the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico in restructuring $70 billion in currently unpayable debt, an amount that exceeds the size of its entire economy. There are a total of 3.548 million people living on the island of Puerto Rico. Since 2006, Puerto Rico’s economy has shrunk by more than 10 percent and shed more than 250,000 jobs. More than 45 percent of the Commonwealth’s residents live in poverty—the highest poverty rate of any state or territory. Furthermore, its 11.6 percent unemployment rate is more than twice the national level. The challenges facing the people of Puerto Rico have ignited the largest wave of outmigration since the 1950’s, and the pace continues to accelerate. More than 300,000 people have left Puerto Rico in the past decade with a record of 84,000 people leaving in 2014. Puerto Ricans suffer from high rates of forced migration due to the better opportunities offered in the United States compared to in the commonwealth. The gap between emigrants and immigrants has been continuously widening. Indeed, this increase in emigrants caused a population decline, the first in its history, and the stateside Puerto Rican population grew quickly. The median age of male Puerto Ricans is of working age from the ages of 25–49 and similarly for women from the ages of 25–59. Most of the homes are familyled. There are about 1,133,600 people in the civilian labor force but only 43 percent of them are employed. In addition, most of those working work in minimum wage jobs. Over 27 percent of the people in the Commonwealth are on welfare. The median income in Puerto Rico is only half that of the poorest U.S. state, Mississippi, but welfare benefits are about the same in Puerto Rico as in Mississippi. Swift action is needed in order to alleviate the pain and suffering of the people of Puerto Rico. There is no time to waste. H.R. 5278 appears to be an emergency default for Puerto Rico, an American territory where 3.5 million American citizens reside and continue to live in fear for their finances, their families and their future. On July 1, Puerto Rico will face nearly $2 billion worth of bond payments. Already, businesses have closed, public worker benefits are in jeopardy, hospital care is restricted and basic governmental functions are at risk. Should the Puerto Rican government default in early July, it faces certain litigation by its creditors, further erosion of its economy, and an inability to provide basic services to its people. This measure creates a process for the Commonwealth to restructure their bond debts, avoiding a default that could lead to a humanitarian catastrophe and instead allowing Puerto Rico to return to economic growth and fiscal balance. It would allow for the creation of a seven member Financial Oversight and Management board which will approve annual budgets and fiscal plans. This fiscal plan must be designed in a way that provides adequate funding for pension obligations. Also, I have serious concerns about the minimum wage provision of the measure. Specifically, regarding minimum wage and overtime, H.R. 5278 would extend the application of the existing federal subminimum wage of $4.25 an hour to those under the age of 25 in Puerto Rico for as long as four years, while all other federal jurisdictions pay the subminimum wage to those under the age of 20 for only up to the first ninety days of employment. We need to continue to work on ways to improve this measure to ascertain that American citizens in Puerto Rico are not languishing in poverty. Indeed, the measure contains a provision that provides for a delay on the new Department of Labor overtime pay regulation until a Government Accountability Office (GAO) study is completed and the Department of Labor determines whether the rule could negatively impact the economy of Puerto Rico. Additionally, the measure would create a ‘‘Revitalization Coordinator’’ that works closely with the Oversight Board to determine which energy and other infrastructure projects will be able to bypass local environmental, public health, and consumer protection laws. Let me underscore again that I have serious concerns about the provisions in this measure, not the least of which is the expansion of the subminimum wage, the exemption from the new overtime Rule, and the exclusion of protections for pension benefits. I commend my Democratic colleagues in their efforts of protecting the environment and wildlife refuge in the Commonwealth. I look forward to working with my Democratic colleagues and our Republican colleagues across the aisle in continuing to improve the provisions of the measure for the betterment of fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico. Let me conclude by highlighting that H.R. 5278 is not perfect but so long as we continue to work on a bipartisan basis in good faith, we can work towards our efforts of ensuring that Puerto Rico does not become a humanitarian crisis. We must continue to work together to be our brother’s and sister’s keepers. It is essential that we stand with the people of Puerto Rico and take action. It is essential that we continue to work towards an orderly process that promotes the livelihood of U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico and alleviates the crisis. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5325, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 771 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would make two points. The first is that this is an unfunded mandate because the Library of Congress was already well on its way to changing this term. Now, Congress is instructing it that it cannot do that. There is no way that money is not spent in following the instruction of Congress. So I disagree with the gentleman. This is an unfunded mandate. To the issue itself, there was no argument from the other side that these words are pejorative, that this word is an anachronism. And, by the way, Mr. Speaker, this word is used in Federal code and applies to people who are here who are undocumented and also people who are here legally who are residents. So this is not only an issue of the undocumented. This is an issue of immigrants generally. 
I know that, over the years, ours has been a very devout nation, a nation of faith, and that includes many of the people in this body. I, for example, have had an opportunity to visit with the faith study group that meets once a week that talks about the issues of their own personal faith, their own journeys, and the work that they do for their constituents. As I think about my own district, which is 64 percent Hispanic in San Antonio, it is a town whose creativity, entrepreneurism, and spirit has been infused by the immigrant spirit. These are hardworking, often humble people who don’t ask for much from their government, who work hard to provide for their families and who hardly ever will be heard to complain. Most of them, obviously, are documented; some are not. But those people who are not and those who are considered resident aliens are human beings, and I believe that our faith would tell us that God considers those folks human beings, not illegals. I don’t imagine that God thinks of those people as illegal. They are fundamentally human beings, and they should be respected. They are not American citizens. We understand that, and there has been much debate over the last few years about passing comprehensive immigration reform or at least considering it here on the House floor. That hasn’t happened yet. But I do think that each of us can at least extend some modicum of respect to these people. Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to join me in voting for the CHANGE Act. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, I applaud my friend for coming down here and speaking on the underlying bill. I think it is very important that we have the conversations that we will have on the underlying bill. But it is also important, in the name of good government, to use these points of order for the purpose these points of order were intended to be used. The Library of Congress cannot spend one penny except for those dollars provided in the underlying legislation. Yes, the underlying legislation has mandates for the Library of Congress, but those mandates are funded because that is the only way the Library of Congress can be funded. This is an incredibly important point of order, Mr. Speaker. The power that we have in this body to dictate to State, local, and tribal governments what they must do and then refuse to pay the bill is a dangerous practice that this institution recognized when it created this point of order to avoid. I hope my friends on both side of the aisle will continue to bring up unfunded mandates points of order when they are applicable. But I implore my colleagues: Do not take a vote to suggest that a point of order designed to prevent us from putting unfunded costs on local governments should apply when we are funding the responsibilities of the Federal Government. That perverts the intent, and it undermines our ability to use this point of order effectively in the future. Mr. Speaker, I urge us to allow the House to continue our business for the day. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on the question of consideration of the resolution. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the point of order has expired. The question is, Will the House now consider the resolution? The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 231, nays 170, not voting 32, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—170 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Barletta Black Blumenauer Brownley (CA) Capuano Costa Cummings Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Farr Fincher Gabbard Gutie´rrez Hardy Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hinojosa Hultgren Lee Lieu, Ted Lipinski Luetkemeyer Lynch Payne Peterson Price, Tom Rice (SC) Rooney (FL) Sires Takai Welch 
b1350 Mses. EDWARDS and WASSERMAN SCHULTZ changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. SHUSTER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the question of consideration was decided in the affirmative. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, the buzz you hear around this Chamber, I suspect, is enthusiasm for the underlying bill. This is the legislative branch appropriations bill for FY 2017, and it is the single piece of legislation that enables all of the constituent services that go on from this institution. I want to say that again. Not one act of constituent service would go on anywhere in this country but for this underlying text. It is the Legislative Branch Subcommittee, led by my friend and colleague from Georgia, cardinal TOMGRAVES . They do great work on the Legislative Branch Subcommittee, Mr. Speaker. It is no surprise to my colleagues in this Chamber that the House Appropriations Committee has been hard at work in producing those 12 appropriations bills that we are required to pass every year. Our success record in getting that done as a body has been spotty, but the success record of our committee in getting that done has been historic. Even more, unlike many bills that come to this floor, the Appropriations Committee has said: Do you know what? We did the very best that we could do, but we welcome the input and counsel from our colleagues because we all have different experiences; we all come from different parts of the country; and we all have something to add. So this bill, Mr. Speaker, makes in order 13 different amendments—seven offered by Republicans, six offered by Democrats—so that we can improve this bill and discuss this bill even more. Among the top line items in the bill is the funding for our Capitol Police. No more so than this year have folks had the Capitol Police on their minds. The service that those men and women provide is indispensable in this Chamber, and I would argue, more than it is valuable to us and more than it is valuable to our constituents who visit this Chamber every day throughout the year, it is valuable to the families of those who send their loved ones to work here each and every day. This bill funds the Architect of the Capitol. We talk so much about spending reductions and trying to be responsible. I am so proud of the spending record in terms of those reductions on inefficient programs that this Chamber has generated, but we have priceless American treasures right here in this building. I recall when you could see the water running down from the Capitol dome as it destroyed those precious American, historical treasures. So this bill funds the Architect of the Capitol so that we are not a pennywise and poundfoolish in terms of our obligation to tend to America’s treasures. This bill funds the Government Accountability Office. I dare say there is not a Member of Congress in this institution who hasn’t had a constituent ask about a GAO report, who hasn’t had occasion on his own to ask our auditing agency—our accounting office— to do a study of the best ways to use our resources, to make use of the limited resources that we have. They provide an incredibly valuable, nonpartisan service so that we can do the very best for our constituents back home. Mr. Speaker, this bill is funded at a level that is lower than the level was when I arrived in this Chamber. It is lower than the level was in 2009 and in 2010. I think that is important, because I think thrift really does begin at home. Throughout every year that I have been in this institution—I am now in year 5—we have absolutely gone after inefficient programs elsewhere in the government. We have absolutely tried to make a difference in curbing that tidal wave of debt that threatens the next generation, but we have started here in each and every bill. Mr. Speaker, folks don’t know it. The newspapers always carry the stories of excess on Capitol Hill. I don’t know where they find those excess stories. I will tell you that the allotment for the spending of my office—for all of the constituent service that we do—is less than was allotted 10 years ago. Inflation corrodes it, and the job market erodes it. Time and time again, every dollar buys less, as every American family knows. We have committed ourselves as an institution to do more with less—thrift beginning at home. There is a modest increase in this bill from the last cycle to deal with those issues, like our Capitol Police, like the Library of Congress, like the preservation of the Capitol. I support all of those underlying measures, and I support the rule by which we are bringing this measure here again. Thirteen amendments are made available by this rule. If we pass the rule, we will then move to the underlying bill, vote on those 13 amendments, and move to final passage. I urge all of my colleagues to support both the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1400 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my friend, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ), for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. This legislation, as he indicated, provides $3.48 billion for the House of Representatives and joint operations of Congress. That is a $73 million increase over the current year’s levels, but more than $150 million below the President’s request. This legislation funds the salaries and expenses for the House of Representatives, the Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, the Architect of the Capitol, Government Accountability Office, and the Library of Congress. Today is June 9. Nearly 2 months have passed since my friends in the majority sailed past the statutory deadline for passing a budget without even looking back. Nearly 1 month has passed since House Republicans began considering appropriations bills without first agreeing to topline spending levels. Republicans made passing a budget a top priority this year. They insisted that we would return to regular order. I really wish the American public understood the ‘‘regular order’’ concept. Yet here we are working without a roadmap and, instead, passing new rules to stifle debate on the House floor on controversial issues like equal rights. But I will get to that in a bit, Mr. Speaker. For now, I will just say it is disappointing because, instead of considering appropriations bills funding critical investments for American families and communities, the House majority has again chosen to take care of itself. The partisan mishmash we are discussing today is no different. Here is an example: This legislation forces the Library of Congress to continue to use the pejorative term ‘‘illegal alien’’ in its subject headings. Mr. Speaker, in another life, as a member of the judiciary, I refused to use that term when discussing persons that were before me. I can’t help but laugh at the absurdity of this. We—and I mean Congress—can’t have a conversation about comprehensive immigration reform, yet we are forcing the Library of Congress to readopt politically charged rhetoric. For what? How is this a priority? The Legislative Branch Appropriations bill is certainly not the appropriate place for a political debate on immigration. This legislation continues to fund the Energy and Commerce select panel to target Planned Parenthood, which, thus far, has conducted a completely partisan, political witch hunt and come up empty. This legislation continues to fund the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi, which has already spent $7 million on just four hearings over the 
past 2 years in order to smear Secretary Clinton. And what has it produced? Nothing. I will note that the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi has overlapped a number of previous investigations that also found nothing. You want to cut wasteful spending, Mr. Speaker? Look no further. Defund the Benghazi hearings. I am happy to say that the bill provides $563 million for Members’ representational allowances for the coming fiscal year. This is 1.5 percent increase over the current level. But when we consider the fact that the MRAs have been cut by nearly 17 percent since 2011—that adds up to $312,000—a mere 1.5 percent increase is clearly inadequate. I can make the argument that, because of that, we are unable to pay young people that come here and keep them with their institutional memory, and in addition we are unable to provide efficient services for our constituents; yet we cut that $312,000 out of the budget, and now we are going to add back a little bit and claim that we are being efficient. I won’t even go into the salary and the costofliving adjustment but to say that people find it surprising that we are entering this legislation in 2017, year 9, without a costofliving increase for Members of Congress. I wonder if that is causing some of them to live in their offices. I wonder if it is causing them to breach tax considerations when they do that and, perhaps, even ethical considerations. But I won’t go into that. Furthermore, an amendment has been offered that will require a 1 percent cut across the board to the bill’s spending levels. Such a cut would essentially wipe out this already diminutive increase. Members should vote this amendment down. With salaries frozen where they are, I just got through saying we can’t retain the best talent. We continue to lose staff. I have three staffers that were perfect for their jobs that had to leave because they couldn’t afford to live on the salary that we were paying them. Side note here, Mr. Speaker: the median rent for a onebedroom apartment in Washington, D.C., was $2,160 per month last December; and I will remind the Members of this body that many staffers start here at $30,000 or less, annually. Do the math. We need to take better care of our people. Mr. Speaker, before I yield back, I feel compelled to mention Speaker RYAN’s new rules governing the appropriations process on the House floor. Three weeks ago, something particularly shameful took place in this room as we debated the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. An amendment by our colleague and friend, SEAN PATRICK MALONEY , reached the vote threshold needed to pass. Republican leadership, apparently caught off guard, held open the vote for nearly 8 minutes in order to make Republican Members change their vote. They allowed this to happen in the back of the room, and the amendment failed. And what contentious subject was the amendment focused on? I will tell you. Prohibiting Federal contractors from discriminating against LGBTQ employees. This episode demonstrated just how little courage some Members of the Republican Party have. A week later, Representative SEAN PATRICK MALONEY offered his amendment again, this time to the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, and it caused such a hubbub that the legislation collapsed on the floor. I will say that again. A provision ensuring that LGBTQ contractors can’t be fired solely because they are LGBTQ proved so contentious to Republicans that they defeated their own appropriations bill—I might add, a good bill—to prevent it from taking effect. As a result, beginning this month, House Republican leadership is closing down the process and requiring all Members to submit amendments for appropriations measures to the Rules Committee in advance and has announced regular order is being suspended in order to make sure Republicans aren’t caught off guard by ‘‘embarrassing’’ amendments, for instance, ensuring basic civil rights to American citizens. Remember Speaker RYAN’s pledge to return to regular order? Where is that commitment now? Perhaps my friends should consider that the reason these amendments are embarrassing to them is because their position is, in and of itself, embarrassing. I will note that Representative SEAN PATRICK MALONEY offered his amendment again for the current legislation, but this time Republicans won’t even allow it on the floor for a vote. So, Mr. MALONEY , offer it again and again so we can continue to point out how ridiculous this is. This entire process is quickly turning into a joke. Enough already. Why don’t we fold the tent, wait until after the conventions and the November election, and start all over again, because we are doing nothing here. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is not widely known, but I have believed, in the 5 years that I have been in this institution, that if you were to lock the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ) and myself in a room together, we could solve most of the issues that ail this Nation, that there really is more common ground in this institution than folks are willing to let on. But I find myself in the very uncomfortable position today of disagreeing with almost every conclusion that he reached, while I agree with so many of the fundamental issues that he believes brought us to this point; for example, regular order is bringing these appropriations bills to the floor. The 1974 Budget Act lays out this process clearly. It lays out the process for passing a budget, and it lays out the process, if the disagreements over that budget become too great, how we can proceed with the appropriations bills. It is exactly what is happening here today and exactly the way we envisioned it in 1974 when they passed the first Congressional Budget Act. It continues to roll on that way today. This is a success; it is not a failure My friend is absolutely right; it has been 9 years since Congress last received a pay raise. I will say to my friend that I go down to townhall meetings and I say: One day, I am going to come down here and tell you that I have so satisfied you and your needs that I think I deserve a pay raise, too. I listened to my friend, and my friend talks about how the process is broken and we can’t pass budgets. My friend talks about particularly shameful episodes that go on here on the floor of the House. My friend talks about failure to do the right thing and shenanigans that go on from leadership. I will tell you, I failed to find anything in those few minutes that I thought my constituents would find worthy of a pay raise, and I regret that, Mr. Speaker. Because these men and women that I have the great pleasure of surrounding myself with here, these Representatives that come from 343 other very different districts across the country, they work hard, and they are honorable men and women fighting the hardest for their constituents who often disagree with me and mine. We did have a very important vote 2 weeks ago, Mr. Speaker. You remember it well. I heard my colleagues trumpeting victories for equality, trumpeting historic votes in favor of equal opportunity when they passed an amendment, and not 20 minutes later, they voted against sending that bill to the Senate so that that amendment could become law. Hear me again. We have big debates in this Chamber about serious issues that matter; and at some point, it has to be incumbent upon each and every one of us, if we get what we want in the amendment process, we need to support the final bill and get it moving to the President. I don’t need to be right about policy; I need to make a difference on policy. Like it or not, there are only two ways to change the law of this land from this Chamber. One is sending a bill to the President’s desk and winning his signature; and the second is sending a bill to the President’s desk, receiving his veto, and overriding it right back here in this Chamber. Neither of those processes for change, Mr. Speaker, even begin if we don’t send the legislation from this floor. I say to the gentleman from Florida, I am not scared of tough votes. To our colleagues who want to be protected from tough votes, I say you need to get another job than running for Congress. I am sure there are other folks who 
will have you. If you don’t want to take votes, don’t become a United States Congressman. The toughest votes are the best votes we take in this institution. They tell us who we are as a people. But the issues on which we are voting are too important to reduce to a bumper sticker tagline that goes on a campaign commercial that is going to be useful for 6 months or less. Let’s have the big debates; let’s do the big things; and then let’s send those bills to the President’s desk so that it becomes the law of the land. We can talk and we can talk and we can talk, and so much of that talk centers around bringing change to America. Whether it is restoring a value of old or bringing a new value, it relates to bringing change to America. But that change cannot start until we change a little bit about ourselves. Vote for the amendments; vote for your conscience; send those bills to the White House so we can get this process going. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to address very briefly my friend—and he is my friend—that I agree with much of what he said. He said fundamentally much of what I said he did not agree with, but he pointed to the fact that the Maloney amendment passed and then we turned around and voted against the bill. There were other measures in that bill that some of us didn’t care for that caused us to vote against it as well, and among them was one that was particularly offensive to me since I represent one of our national parks, and that was carrying guns in national parks. b1415 I could go on. There were at least seven other riders that were put on by the majority that caused me angst. I am not sure about everybody else. Additionally, I agree with my good friend that he and I could solve many of these problems, but one thing that I know that he favors, and I know that he agrees with me, and that is that as often as possible that we have open rules in this body; where we are headed is, in many respects, not in that direction. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ), my good friend. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, this bill picks a fight with the librarians. In the bill, we seek to compel the Library of Congress to use an outdated and dehumanizing term to reference people who aren’t citizens of the country. Although the term ‘‘alien’’ is used in our statutes, it is outdated and deeply insulting to people born abroad who have worked hard to contribute to our economy and communities. In fact, this fall, the Republican Party in California itself decided not to use the term ‘‘illegal alien’’ in its platform. In this bill, the Republicans in the House look like they are doubling down on vilifying immigrant communities. Now, as part of a longstanding, often used process for reviewing and updating subject headings, the Library of Congress apolitically decided to use the term ‘‘noncitizens’’ and ‘‘unauthorized immigration’’ instead of the pejorative term ‘‘illegal aliens.’’ The Library makes these types of changes all the time. It is one of 90 such modifications proposed en masse by the Library this last March. When a subject heading is changed, references to previous headings are retained so researchers can use them, but mandating the term ‘‘illegal alien,’’ which is what Republicans are doing in this appropriations bill, is entirely political. The rider countermands the Library’s professional judgment. Now, it is noteworthy that the Library didn’t choose the term ‘‘undocumented immigrant’’ favored by many because they didn’t want to be political. They just wanted to be fair. Applying these standards in the past, the Library of Congress changed the subject classification ‘‘Negroes’’ to ‘‘African Americans,’’ the way we discuss African Americans today. The catalog used to say ‘‘cripples.’’ That makes me cringe. That was changed over time, first to ‘‘handicapped’’ and later to ‘‘people with disabilities.’’ But in this political season, it seems there is no limit to the racial invective that is being hurled around, and this bill plays into that. Now, to my knowledge, Congress has never before told the Library of Congress what the heading in their card catalog has to be, and that we would do it in this case to promote a term that is so offensive to people is a darn shame. Now, in the past, we have used the appropriations process to shut down the government. Republicans have done that repeatedly. I would hope that the Republicans in the House would not want to go down that path with this. It is true, this term is used in the statute. Our colleague, Representative CASTRO , has a bill to correct it. I would urge that bill be taken up and this unwarranted measure be rejected. I include in the RECORD a letter from the American Library Association. 
AND ASSOCIATION FOR LIBRARY  COLLECTIONS & T ECHNICAL SERVICES, April 28, 2016. Re: Request to Remove ‘‘Library of Congress Classification’’ Amendment from Legislative Branch Appropriations Legislation. COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROGERS , RANKING MEMBER  LOWEY AND MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE : We write today on behalf of the more than 58,000 members of the American Library Association and of the Association for Library Collections & Technical Services (ALCTS): the division of ALA members expert in cataloging and classification. We do so to respectfully urge the House Appropriations Committee to strike language in legislation just adopted by its Legislative Branch Subcommittee that would bar the Library of Congress (Library) from implementing an appropriate and thoroughly researched change in its subject heading classifications announced in late March of this year. Specifically, the Library proposes to replace the terms ‘‘Aliens’’ with ‘‘Noncitizens,’’ and ‘‘Illegal aliens’’ with two headings: ‘‘Noncitizens’’ and/or ‘‘Unauthorized immigration.’’ While some see politics in this decision, Mr. Chairman, as library professionals viewing the work of our colleagues we see only attention to historical detail, intellectual honesty, procedural transparency, and faithfulness to longstanding precepts and practices of librarianship. These have been the hallmarks of cataloging for all of ALCTS’ nearly 60 years and of almost 130 years of library science. Stripped of polemic and sensationalism, these are the facts underpinning the Library of Congress’ frankly routine and professional determination: The Library of Congress has a longestablished, often used process for reviewing and updating outdated subject headings and establishing new ones as needed that preserves all prior versions of updated headings. Such updates may be proposed from outside or within the Library of Congress, but the Library makes the final decision on all changes to subject headings. The Library reviews each change proposal individually and typically adopts over a thousand each year. Indeed, the heading change now before the Committee was one of 90 such modifications proposed en masse by the Library in March. When a subject heading is changed, references to previous headings are effectively retained indefinitely so that researchers who perform a search for a former heading are certain to be directed to all relevant materials. No document in the Library of Congress’ (or any library’s) collection itself is ever substantively edited, modified, annotated or ‘‘corrected’’ in any way as the result of a subject heading update like the one interdicted by the Subcommittee’s recent action. Only its catalog ‘‘label’’is altered. The Library’s process in this case was rigorous, transparent, and consistent with the highest standards of professional cataloging practice. The Library was first asked 18 months ago, quite publicly, to review its use of the cataloging term ‘‘illegal aliens’’ by one of the nation’s preeminent colleges. That request, with modifications, subsequently was echoed by the American Library Association upon debate and approval of a formal Resolution by its more than 180member Council in January of 2016. A ‘‘stakeholders’’ meeting with all appropriate expert sections from within the Library then was convened just over two months ago at which both outside requests, and the broader issues they raised, were reviewed in detail. It is a measure of the Library’s professionalism and independence that, in fact, neither external proposal as submitted actually was accepted. Rather, upon review of the totality of the facts and consistent with venerable cataloging practice, the Library apolitically crafted the proposed policy described above and now before the Committee. Decisions to update a subject heading are based on many considerations, including ‘‘literary warrant’’: the frequency with which a term is or is not used in print and other dynamic resources that, by their nature, change with and reflect current social structures and norms. For subject headings that refer to groups of people, special attention is paid to: popular usage; terms used by members of the group to selfidentify; and avoiding terms that are widely considered 
pejorative toward the group being described. Applying these same standards in the past, for example, the Library of Congress uneventfully changed the subject classification ‘‘Negroes’’ to ‘‘AfroAmericans’’ and again to ‘‘African Americans’’ over a period of years. The catalog term ‘‘Cripples’’ similarly morphed over time, first to ‘‘Handicapped’’ and later to ‘‘People with disabilities.’’ Congress made no move to countermand those expert cataloging determinations. The Library reasonably and properly concluded in this instance that, when used in reference to people, the longused terms ‘‘illegal’’ and ‘‘alien’’ have in recent decades acquired derogatory connotations, become pejorative, and been associated with nativist and racist sentiments. As the Library has noted: the heading ‘‘Aliens’’ has been in use by the Library since 1910; ‘‘Aliens, illegal’’ came into official use more than 35 years ago; and ‘‘Illegal aliens’’ has been in service for almost a quartercentury. Over that long span of time, and particularly in recent years, referring to undocumented persons (as opposed to forms of conduct) as ‘‘illegal’’ increasingly has been widely acknowledged as dehumanizing, offensive, inflammatory, and even a racial slur. This shift has been plain and pronounced, as the Library observed, in precisely the kind of dynamic materials that cataloging standards require any Library to assess in evaluating the suitability of a subject heading in use and its prospective modification. Indeed, in recent years many national news organizations (including the Associated Press, USA Today, ABC, Chicago Tribune, and Los Angeles Times) categorically have stopped using the word ‘‘illegal’’ to describe human beings as a matter of editorial policy. Moreover, the Pew Research Center has documented that their actions were not merely anecdotal or aberrant in any way. To the contrary, Pew compared use of the term ‘‘illegal aliens’’ in U.S. newspapers during the same twoweek period in 1996, 2002, 2007 and 2013 (all times when immigration matters were much in the news). It found that use of that phrase declined precipitously over the most recent 6year period surveyed, appearing in 21% of news reports in 2007 but just 5% in 2013: a 76% reduction in use and alltime low. We understand, Mr. Chairman, why some have chosen to politicize the Library’s proposed subject heading changes discussed above. In light of the foregoing, however, it is the view of our Associations that, at minimum, the Library of Congress’ recent proposed reclassifications discussed above are fully consistent with accepted professional cataloging standards and practices. Indeed, we believe that a compelling case can be made that the proposed changes are required by them. We hope that the foregoing description of the standards and practices of our profession, rigorously adhered to and unimpeachably applied by the Library of Congress in this case, will assist the Committee to accept the Library’s independent professional cataloging determinations. Specifically, we urge you and all Members of the Committee to strike all language from any piece of appropriations legislation that would countermand or modify the Library’s recent determinations pertaining to the terms ‘‘Aliens’’ and/or ‘‘Illegal aliens,’’ and to oppose any other legislation that would have similar effect. Thank you for this opportunity to provide the Committee with a factual context in which to consider its upcoming actions. Please contact us should you or your staff have any questions, or require any additional information. Respectfully submitted, SARIFELDMAN , President, American Library Association. NORMMEDEIROS , President, Association for Library Collections & Technical Services. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My friend from Florida made reference to regular order earlier and, again, he and I see very much eyeto eye on that issue. The gentlewoman who just spoke is one of my great friends on the Committee on the Judiciary. I would like to read the offending language that folks are referring to. It says this in its entirety: 
To the extent practicable, the committee instructs the Library to maintain certain subject headings that reflect terminology used in title VIII United States Code. To the extent practicable, the Congress directs the Library of Congress to use the laws passed by Congress. 
That is the offending language. My friend serves on the Committee on the Judiciary. If the Committee on the Judiciary did as she is suggesting and changed the law tomorrow, this language would reflect those changes passed by the Committee on the Judiciary tomorrow. This isn’t the Committee on Appropriations’ jurisdiction. We can, as an open appropriations process allows, make every political point that we want to make on every topic under the Sun, but longstanding policy is not changed in an annual appropriations bill. It is changed by authorizers like my friends on the Committee on the Judiciary, and I urge them to get to work on it. There is no question, all of the examples the gentlewoman cited, I am with her 100 percent. We have made those changes, and we are the better for it, but let’s not suggest—again, to my friend from Florida’s point, why don’t folks think Congress is deserving of a pay raise? I listened to my friend describe the motivations that folks had for including this language. They were not described as motivations in friendly or admiring terms. The language that says from Congress to the Library of Congress, use the laws passed by Congress. Ms. LOFGREN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gentlewoman from California. Ms. LOFGREN. I would just like to note and put into the RECORD the fact sheet from the American Library Association indicating that it is the Library of Congress’ belief that it will need to change its policy already underway on this, so if the gentleman is saying that the language in the bill doesn’t require a change on the Library’s part, I think that would be news to the Library. Mr. WOODALL. Reclaiming my time, I am not suggesting anything of the kind. I am suggesting that the language that folks are describing as offensive says from the Congress to the Library of Congress, use the laws passed by Congress. If we don’t like the laws of the land, we have a process to change them, and for better or for worse, that process begins in the committee on which the gentlewoman serves. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time so that I can continue my discussion with my friend from Florida. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ) for a unanimous consent request. (Ms. LOFGREN asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the missive from the American Library Association entitled ‘‘Support Library of Congress Autonomy in Subject Heading Determinations.’’ 
SUPPORT LIBRARY OF CONGRESS AUTONOMY IN  SUBJECT HEADING DETERMINATIONS  [From the American Library Association and Association for Library Collections & Technical Services] In late March of this year, after an extensive process consistent with longstanding library principles and practice, the Library of Congress proposed to replace the subject heading classification ‘‘Aliens’’ with ‘‘Noncitizens,’’ and ‘‘Illegal aliens’’ with two headings: ‘‘Noncitizens’’ and/or ‘‘Unauthorized immigration.’’ Similar, but not identical, changes previously had been requested by Dartmouth College and endorsed by the American Library Association. In midApril, the Legislative Branch Subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee adopted language that would, in effect, countermand the Library’s professional judgments and reverse the proposed reclassifications noted above. (The Report adopted by the Subcommittee states: ‘‘To the extent practicable, the Committee instructs the Library to maintain certain subject headings that reflect terminology used in title 8, United States Code.’’) The full House Appropriations Committee will meet in midMay and has the power to undo the Subcommittee’s action. On April 28, the Presidents of ALA and ALCTS (ALA’s division of members expert in cataloging and classification) wrote the attached letter to the Committee’s leaders and members on April 28 asking that they do so. Its principal points and specific requests follow on the reverse. 
KEY POINTS : ‘‘LIBRARY LETTER ’’ TO HOUSE AP PROPRIATORS BACKING PROPOSED LIBRARY OF  
CONGRESS RECLASSIFICATIONS  The Library of Congress has a longestablished, often used process for reviewing and updating outdated subject headings and establishing new ones as needed that preserves all prior versions of updated headings. The Library’s process in this case was rigorous, transparent, and consistent with the highest standards of professional cataloging practice. Decisions to update a subject heading are based on many considerations, including ‘‘literary warrant:’’ the frequency with which a term is or is not used in print and other dynamic resources that, by their nature, change with and reflect current social structures and norms. For headings that refer to groups of people, special attention is paid to: popular usage; terms used by members of the group to selfidentify; and avoiding terms widely considered to be pejorative toward the group being described. 
The Library reasonably and properly concluded in this instance that, when used in reference to people, the longused terms ‘‘illegal’’ and ‘‘alien’’ have in recent decades acquired derogatory connotations, become pejorative, and been associated with nativist and racist sentiments. Particularly in recent years, referring to undocumented persons (as opposed to forms of conduct) as ‘‘illegal’’ increasingly has been widely acknowledged as dehumanizing, offensive, inflammatory, and even a racial slur. This shift has been plain and pronounced: in recent years many national news organizations (including the Associated Press, USA Today, ABC, Chicago Tribune, and Los Angeles Times) categorically have stopped using the word ‘‘illegal’’ to describe human beings as a matter of editorial policy; and the Pew Research Center compared use of the term ‘‘illegal aliens’’ in U.S. newspapers during the same twoweek period in 1996, 2002, 2007 and 2013 (all times when immigration matters were much in the news). It found that use of that phrase declined precipitously over the most recent 6–year period surveyed, appearing in 21% of news reports in 2007 but just 5% in 2013: a 76% reduction in use and alltime low. The Library of Congress’ recent proposed reclassifications discussed above are fully consistent with accepted professional cataloging standards and practices. Indeed, a compelling case can be made that the proposed changes are required by them. ALA and ALCTS, its division of experts in cataloging, urge the Committee to accept the Library’s apolitical subject heading judgment and, thus, to strike language from any piece of appropriations legislation that would modify or countermand the Library’s recent determinations pertaining to the terms ‘‘Aliens’’ and/or ‘‘Illegal aliens,’’ and to oppose any other legislation that would have similar effect. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California), my friend and the ranking member of the Committee on Ethics in this body. Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the consideration of H.R. 5325, a deceitful effort by House Republicans to yet again dehumanize an entire group of people. It pains me to even say the phrase ‘‘illegal alien’’ out loud because it is pejorative, it is offensive, and has no place in our modern discourse. The Library of Congress is correct to leave this phrase in the pages of history and never to have it uttered again. The importance of the Library of Congress’ decision to discontinue and remove the outdated phrase cannot be emphasized enough. Libraries nationwide and around the world look to the Library of Congress’ subject headings and other standards to publish information. As lawmakers representing a country of immigrants, Congress should not assist in the dissemination of information that perpetuates racism and promotes hate. Of course, I am not at all surprised that congressional Republicans would resort to inserting themselves into bibliographic decisions that are normally reserved for librarians, not appropriators or politicians. Republicans hypocritically claim to want to keep government out of people’s lives, but want government to intrude and dictate standards only when it benefits their bigoted views. Sadly, today’s effort and other past maneuvers to block President Obama’s executive actions on immigration falls in line with the concerted effort to move our country backward. We are better than that. Instead of promoting antiquated and deplorable language, we should be tackling any number of important issues—affordable education, tax reform, and promoting job growth—not telling librarians and educators how to do their jobs. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Going back to my friend from Florida’s case that we have hardworking men and women here who haven’t had a pay raise in 9 years, if we are a part of a body that perpetuates racism and hate, I don’t want a single one of us to get a penny. I don’t want a single one of us to get a penny. My experience is that is not at all who we are. That is not who we are at all. My quick text search of the U.S. Code—and I am a lawyer, but I haven’t read the Code cover to cover—tells me that ‘‘illegal alien’’ is referenced 32 times, even in a single title. Let’s go change it. If you want to get rid of it, let’s go in and get rid of it. Don’t act like this is beyond our control and if only we can fix the Library of Congress, suddenly we can solve all that ails us. This is the United States Code. If you don’t like the Code, change the Code. Tell me that we are ineffective and we can’t get that done? We are talking about a title change here, one that we have already done, already this Congress. We eliminated the last reference to ‘‘Oriental’’ in the United States Code. We do these things together, but we don’t do them by accusing one another of promoting racism and hate. We do those things by talking to one another. Mr. HASTINGS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. HASTINGS. The Library of Congress has made 90 subject head changes. Why this one? Why does it have to stick and can’t be changed? I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. WOODALL. Reclaiming my time, I confess that I had no idea the Library of Congress was even in the subject change heading business. It wasn’t until I read a press release from somebody talking about this issue that I even knew this issue existed. But now that I know it exists, I know that it doesn’t exist in subject titles at the Library of Congress. It exists in the United States Code that is the law of the land for the greatest free nation this world has ever known. You want to talk about shame on us? Shame on us for letting the librarians decide when the debate begins and when the debate ends. It is the United States Code and the responsibility falls to one body and one body only, and that body is here. I want to go back home, Mr. Speaker. I want to tell my constituents they are getting every dollar’s worth out of this institution and, candidly, I believe they are getting more value today than they were yesterday and they got more value yesterday than they did a week ago or a month ago or a year ago. I think we are getting better. I will give you a small example. We talk about legislative branch funding as if it is some sort of selfserving institution. That is just nonsense. We came here with one job and one job only, and that is to serve our constituents back home. This cycle we have passed the FAST Act, the first long term transportation funding bill in 20 years. We did it together. We couldn’t do it alone. We did it together. Mr. Speaker, after 17 years of kicking the can down the road on the sustainable growth rate, that Medicare tag line that threatened care for every single senior citizen on Medicare, 17 years of kicking it down the road, we came together and abolished it forever. Forever. We did it together because that is the only way we could get it done. The Visa Waiver Program improvement. Mr. Speaker, S. 139, the bill that made it easier for people with rare diseases to get involved in clinical trials. Can you imagine? Can you imagine a government that in the name of helping people said: Oh, no, you can’t try that new cure. It might hurt you. When your response is, Mr. Government, I am dying, it is my only chance of survival. We fixed that. One of many things about what is best about this institution, Mr. Speaker, Time and time again, we come together to solve real problems that real people have asked of us. That is what this funding bill is about. I hope we are going to move past this bill today. I hope we are going to get back to regular order. It pains me that in an election year, it threatens the free and open debate that this institution prides itself on. But I think that is just fear. I think we are better than that. I think we are going to get past it. But that is not the debate today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, would you be kind enough to tell both sides how much time remains. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Florida has 14 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Georgia has 11 minutes remaining. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that would disband the select investigative panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. Speaker, this panel is just another waste of taxpayer money. Three House committees, 12 States, and one grand jury have already investigated the charges against Planned Parenthood, and none found evidence of wrongdoing. 
b1430 Mr. Speaker, this panel is conducting a purely partisan political witch hunt, and it should be disbanded. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment into the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURBELO of Florida). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), the distinguished ranking member of the select investigative panel, to discuss the proposal. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so that Mr. HASTINGS can offer H.R. 769, a resolution to shut down the select panel that we call the select panel to attack women’s health. House Republicans created this panel based on a lie and fraudulent videotapes that have been discredited by three House committees, 12 States, and a Texas grand jury that actually indicted the video maker. They have used this fraud as a pretext to conduct a lethally dangerous witch hunt aimed at women’s health clinics and scientists conducting promising research on diseases like Alzheimer’s, MS, and the Zika virus. Panel Republicans are bullying witnesses and abusing congressional authority in a manner not seen since the days of Senator Joe McCarthy. But this time, people’s lives, not just their livelihoods, are at stake. Republicans have issued dozens of unilateral subpoenas without first seeking voluntary cooperation. They are demanding the names of researchers, students, clinical personnel, doctors, and medical students, amassing a database that could be released publicly at any time. Republicans refuse to put rules in place to protect these names and have reneged on public promises to do so. Instead, they have publicly released names and confidential documents. They issued a press release naming a doctor who has already faced decades of harassment and violence; disclosed the time, place, and location of his appearance before the panel; and fueled the flames by comparing him to a convicted murderer. They have repeatedly used inflammatory rhetoric, comparing researchers to Nazi war criminals and echoing words of antiabortion activists that were also used by the gunman who shot 12 people, killing 3, at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs. Republicans have demanded and obtained information that they have no right or need to know, including records of victims of rape and personal financial information. The Republicans are abusing power and putting people’s lives in danger in pursuit of their agenda to limit legal abortion and a woman’s right to choose and to shut down fetal tissue research. Fetal tissue research has historically had broad bipartisan support. It is the basis for key vaccines that have saved millions of lives, including the polio vaccine. The socalled investigative panel has already had a chilling effect on research, drying up the supply of needed tissue for research on multiple sclerosis and threatening other diseases, including Alzheimer’s and diabetes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. All I really need is the time to say this: We should now be ending this dangerous and unjustifiable witch hunt. It is time to say ‘‘no’’ to this panel, and it is time to say ‘‘no’’ to the previous question so that we can finally have a really strong debate on this House floor and finally defund this panel. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would advise my friend from Florida that I do not have any speakers remaining and am prepared to close when he is. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), my good friend. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the distinguished gentleman from Florida for his management of what is a difficult and trying legislative process and my distinguished friend from Georgia, as well, for his service. Both of them are on the Rules Committee. It pains me to come to the floor on an appropriations bill when I know that there is so much opportunity for us to be able to work together. I know my good friend from Georgia will understand the pain of which I speak and will also attest to the fact that, in many instances in the appropriations process, we have an open rule and we allow our Members to express themselves on behalf of the people of their congressional districts but, more importantly, the higher goal, and that is, the people of the United States of America. Let me first express my pain that this bill is the first bill that has come to the floor, when I know that there was vigorous debate and possibilities for the energy and water bill—certainly, in my congressional district, which has seen itself under inches and inches of rain, seeing people die, and losing individuals through these enormous rains and flooding—because we need the kind of infrastructure that comes under energy and water. That bill is not being able to pass. Seeing the funding for access to health care, community centers, community health clinics not yet come to the floor; seeing the funding for infrastructure and transit that is so needed in our urban centers, like Houston, Texas, not coming to the floor. And then, of course, the Department of Justice, which is in the middle of dealing with commutation of sentencings, dealing with youth justice programs, dealing with a number of issues that are paining Americans; and they need our relief. Yet the bill that comes to the floor, I must again painfully say, is an appropriations bill that I will not be able to support. It is a bill that really keeps the wheels going in this place. It is not a more important bill, but it keeps the wheels going so that we can do the people’s work. Here is what is happening that I think is a dastardly reflection on what we have come to. Let me be very clear. As a senior member of the Judiciary Committee dealing with the mechanics of lawmaking, dealing with laws that ultimately provide people civil or criminal justice relief or constitutional relief, I want to tell my colleagues who wrote this language that the issue dealing with the Library of Congress is an administrative one. The idea that noncitizens and unauthorized immigration have any impact on creating a comprehensive immigration system, which I have introduced legislation along with my colleagues, joining with them over the years, has no import and impact of law. It is truly an administrative task that the Library of Congress is attempting to comport with national experts of librarians. Everybody loves a librarian. They give our children knowledge. They give our students knowledge. They give all of us knowledge. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an addition 1 minute. Ms. JACKSON LEE. They give us their best expertise. Why we would intrude in an administrative process when it goes into nothing that impacts the scheme of the administrative or the legal structure here in the United States: it is to denigrate; it is to insult. We understand that the word ‘‘illegal’’ does connote that you have violated a criminal act in certain instances. And there are those who are undocumented, noncitizens, et cetera, unauthorized, that have not violated any criminal laws. Let me also say to you that defunding of the foolish Planned Parenthood investigation is warranted. Why? In my own home State of Texas, in Houston, the indictment did not go to Planned Parenthood, which was the attempt; but it went to the perpetrators of fraud on Planned Parenthood. There is nothing to investigate. If you want to investigate, then investigate the lack of access of millions of women in the State of Texas who were using those clinics that Planned Parenthood had. 
So my point is this is a bill we must vote against. Vote against the underlying rule and the bill, because it is nothing but fraud and foolishness, and that is not what we should do in this House. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, how much time remains? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Florida has 5
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I rarely speak from the well of the House. I come down here today because, like my good friend from Georgia and many of us in this institution, those of us that have studied the institution genuinely love it and recognize that it is, fundamentally, what makes our Nation great. When we speak of Congress, we are talking about the House of Representatives and the United States Senate. For a substantial period of time, both in the control of Democrats and Republicans, we have carried ourselves in a way that has caused us to appear dysfunctional. And, in many instances— validly—those that look at us feel that we are unable to get things done. My younger friend from Georgia pointed out a significant number of things that we did do, and he is correct about that. But he also knows there are a significant number of things that we have not been able to do, largely for the reason that we are not acting in a bipartisan manner—in an openly transparent manner, in many instances—in order to provide for all of the Members of this body to have input. I came to the well because, as I near my 80th birthday, I am in a different category than many of the younger Members in this institution. Many of the younger Members of this institution have young families. We, the 434 of us that are seated—and we will swear in the 435th a little later today—and the delegates from the territories and the District of Columbia, are in a variety of categories, as Americans. Some substantial number of Members in this body are multimillionaires; a significant number of Members of this body easily qualify to be in the middle class or the upper class; and there are some Members here who are in the lower class in our society. Fortunately for us, in the 22 years that I have been here, I have seen this body grow in its diversity. More women on both sides, African Americans, Latino Americans, Asian Americans, Native Americans are part of this body from different walks of life. Some of us own our own homes here in the metropolitan VirginiaMaryland area. Some rent apartments. Some are in basements. Some are in one room. Some are gathered together because of the expenses here. Now, my friend is right. I would like to go home and be able to show to my constituents and to his that we did everything that we could here to make for more efficiency. But I can cite the glut all over our agencies and, at the very same time, I make no apologies to anybody for how hard I work or how hard he works and the fact that we are entering our 9th year without a pay raise. Now, I think it is wrong for Members of the House of Representatives to live in their offices. I think that there is an ethics provision that needs to be addressed, and I think there is a tax consideration that needs to be addressed. b1445 And the public does not understand that nearly 100 Members, including the Speaker of the House of Representatives, live in their offices. Something is drastically wrong with that. Most of them are there for the reason that they can’t afford to live in this town; and somehow or another, we are deserving, as are our staffs, deserving of being paid appropriately. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to remind my friends of the importance of the legislation we are debating today. This legislation allows us to run our operations here in Congress. Unfortunately, with this legislation, my friends in the majority are continuing their trend of putting politics above policy. For this reason, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule and oppose the underlying measure. And I want to make it very, very clear that the remarks that I made are my remarks. They are not the remarks of the Democrats in this institution. But I know this: I have had a lot of Members on both sides of the aisle say to me that they know that I am correct. Courage, friends, courage, that is what it takes. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I love watching my friend from Florida speak. The only thing I love more than watching him speak is talking to him oneonone when the cameras are turned off. It is not as easy as it ought to be in 2016 to come to the floor of the House and speak one’s mind. Folks are worried about what the newspapers are going to say. Folks are worried about what the news is going to broadcast. Folks are worried about what the Twitterverse is going to do. A lot of folks will tell you one thing when the cameras are on and another thing when the cameras are turned off, Mr. Speaker, but ALCEE HASTINGS is not one of those folks. It is the same message no matter who he is talking to and no matter where he is saying it because he comes from a place of conviction, and I love serving with people like that. Truthfully, Mr. Speaker, if folks knew that it wasn’t just their Member of Congress that was like that, but it was the one next door, and the one down the road, and the one across the river, and the one upstate, I think we would have a very different discussion about whether Congress is working or whether Congress is failing. But, Mr. Speaker, when I try to sort those issues out, I don’t really have to go back home to figure out why folks are disappointed. I don’t even have to go back to the public record. I don’t have to go any further than this one debate on this one legislative day. Just in our hour together, Mr. Speaker, I have heard Members suggest that this House is using tactics not seen since Joe McCarthy. I wouldn’t pay for that. I have heard Members suggest that this House is perpetuating racism and hate. I wouldn’t pay for that. I have heard that there are dastardly things happening in the work of this institution. I am not going to pay for that. I have heard that we have been involved in activities particularly shameful. Mr. Speaker, I think we have all got a great relationship with the men and women who send us here to serve them. We have a special relationship, and a relationship that, I think, the men and women in this Chamber work exceptionally hard to make good on; but when we use the credibility that we develop in that relationship to tell folks that we are broken, to tell folks that we are worthless, to tell folks that the greatest experiment in selfgovernance that the world has ever known is failing, they believe us. They believe us. Mr. Speaker, the discussions that we have, the differences that are brought to life on this floor, those are not failures. Those are successes. The back and the forth, the fights that we have, the headlines that get made when folks just can’t agree, those are not failures: those are successes. When the Framers put together this Constitution, Mr. Speaker, they made it hard—they made it hard to change the law of the land. It was supposed to be the rare thing that happened when we all came together and found agreement, and when we did, it was going to be in the best interest of a young Nation. Mr. Speaker, I have heard my colleagues challenge us to defeat this bill today, as if funding the United States Congress is a selfserving action. I don’t know who the selfserving Members of this institution are, Mr. Speaker, because I have not met them. My friend from Texas came to the floor, and she said: If we don’t get our work done, NIH will not be funded. And she is right. She said: If we do not get our work done, justice reform will not happen. And she is right. She said: If we do not get our work done, families that are struggling to respond to floods in her home part of the country will not get the dollars. And she is right. She is right. Mr. Speaker, we are talking about changing the appropriations process to allow a little less openness, and I regret that. We are talking about it because, in the name of doing that energy 
and water bill that she spoke of, in the name of passing those bills that are essential to the functioning of the country, in the name of doing that responsibility that the Constitution places squarely on our shoulders, we have folks who pass amendments to bills only to let those bills fail. I would tell you, as someone who believes in an open process, who believes in an open process, that if we can have that festival of democracy that is an open rule on an appropriations bill, let’s have it. Let’s let the votes fall where they may, and then send that bill to the Senate and on to the White House and make it the law of the land. But if in the name of making a point, we prevent this institution from doing its constitutionally mandated business, if in the process of making a political point, we prevent this institution from providing the money for that fundamental research, from providing the money for that flood relief, from providing the money for essential justice reform, I tell you, we have not honored this Nation with an open process; we have failed it. And the question then falls to us: Are we going to have an open process that allows every Member to speak out on behalf of their constituency to fight for what may be best for this Nation that we all love? Or are we going to have electionyear politics, decide that being able to produce that press release is more important than getting our work done? I happen to know the answer, Mr. Speaker. I happen to know the answer because I happen to know each one of these Members on a personal level. There is not one of them who wouldn’t turn in their voting card tomorrow if they could take a vote on the biggest issue that matters to them today. There is not one of them that wouldn’t turn in their voting card tomorrow if they could make a difference for this generation and the next generation today, and I love that about them. I love it about each and every one of them. Passing this bill lets those folks come to work and get this job done. Passing this bill allows us to get to work doing those things that I believe will honor the men and women who sent us here. Passing this rule allows us to get to the underlying bill that will keep the lights on not just for constituent service back in every district in this land, but the lights on in what I would argue is the greatest deliberative body, the greatest embodiment of selfgovernance that this world has ever known. The material previously referred to by Mr. HASTINGS is as follows: 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Ohio, the Honorable WARREN DAVIDSON , be permitted to take the oath of office today. His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Ohio? There was no objection. The SPEAKER. Will Representative elect DAVIDSON and the members of the Ohio delegation present themselves in the well. All Members will rise and the Representativeelect will please raise his right hand. Mr. DAVIDSON appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations, you are now a Member of the 114th Congress. 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE WARREN DAVIDSON TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker and Members, it is my privilege to welcome Congressman WARREN DAVIDSON , his wife, Lisa; and their two beautiful children, Rachel and Zach, to Washington, D.C. To the Davidsons, their extended family, and their friends who are here to support them, we all wish you hearty congratulations. To Congressman DAVIDSON , on behalf of a grateful 
Nation, I want to extend our gratitude for your many years of service in the United States Army. Thank you for your dedication to duty, honor, and country. Though I am dean of Ohio’s delegation, it seems just like yesterday when I was in your shoes. This moment you will never forget. You have worked hard to put together a winning coalition to win a hardfought campaign, and that takes a dedicated person and a very giving family to make the necessary sacrifices. To accomplish worthy objectives during your time in Congress, you will want to find issues that you can build coalitions around and then enlist others on both sides of the center aisle in that cause. Perhaps the best advice I can give you is to stay close to the people where you came from in Troy, Ohio; in Clark, Miami, Darke, Preble, and Butler Counties; and as DANIEL WEBSTER ’s words inspire us through the ages, dedicate our efforts to a higher cause, developing the resources of our land, calling forth its powers, building up its institutions, promoting all its great interests, and seeing whether we also, in our day and generation, may not perform something worthy to be remembered. Welcome to the United States House of Representatives to WARREN , Lisa, and your family. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Cincinnati, Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) my dear colleague. He is the dean, the longest serving member, on the Republican side. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I want to thank her for her kind words to our nowcolleague, WARREN DAVIDSON. As the two longest serving Members from Ohio, she and I have worked together for many years, particularly on matters important to our great State of Ohio. I look forward to continuing to work with her in the future. Mr. Speaker, WARREN DAVIDSON is an American success story. Born and raised in the great State of Ohio, WARREN enlisted in the Army right after high school. While serving in Germany, he witnessed the fall of the Berlin Wall. He impressed his superior officers with his dedication and leadership qualities and thus earned an appointment to West Point where he continued to excel, in fact, finishing in the top 10 percent of his graduating class. Upon his return to Active Duty, WARREN’s reputation as an outstanding officer earned him positions in some of the Army’s most distinguished units: The Old Guard, the 75th Ranger Regiment, and the 101st Airborne Division. For many people, that would be a successful career. But WARREN had more to accomplish. In 2000, he returned to Ohio to help out with the family manufacturing business. To prepare himself to run the business, he earned an MBA from the University of Notre Dame, where, not surprisingly, he graduated with honors. WARREN brought the same work ethic and leadership abilities that he employed as an Army officer to grow and expand the family business. Since taking over the business, he has transformed it from a small shop with 20 employees to an enterprise now employing more than 200 people. Now WARREN brings the lessons that he learned and the wisdom that he gained, both in the military and as a smallbusiness owner, to the people’s House, to Congress. Personally, I think that the House will benefit tremendously from his experiences, and I look forward—and I know you also will look forward—to working with him. With that, Mr. Speaker, I would like to welcome WARREN DAVIDSON , his lovely wife, Lisa, and their children, Zach and Rachel, to the United States House of Representatives. The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, distinguished colleagues, and honored guests, it is a pretty good welcome. I thank you all. My new colleagues, surely you know how surreal this moment is. Not all of you had the same experience of a special election. It is a little different. But you have all been here and have been given the trust of your districts to come represent them and serve here, so I am sure you understand how surreal it is having already been here. I am really honored today to have a lot of folks with me. We all know that politics is a team sport. I have no greater teammate than my wife, Lisa. Our family was able to join us. Our daughter, Rachel, and my son, Zach, have been able to come on the floor. They took a fast route to the floor here. My sister, Robin, her husband, Larry, and close to 100 other friends and family were able to come here. So having run campaigns, you all know that it takes maybe a battalionsized element to put a whole campaign together. So in some way, they are representative of all the hard work that goes on to win a campaign. I could not have been here without them. So I thank you all. To really have come from the background, just enlisting in the Army, going to West Point, serving in some great units, and growing small manufacturing companies, doing all these things that we heard about, it is pretty, pretty nice. I have been focused on raising a family and growing kids. Frankly, in October, I was not planning to run for Congress. To come from filing 10 minutes before the deadline, jumping into a very competitive race, I understand that not a ton of you guys wanted the Speaker’s job, and you got drafted. But about 15 other Republicans wanted the district Representative job, so it was very competitive. I am really thankful to have won the race and been able to come here. It is really an honor to be able to stand here and talk with you, my new colleagues. I look forward to getting to know every one of you on both sides of the aisle. I hope you will take the chance to get to know me. You can probably appreciate drinking from a firehose. I think I had about 2 or 3 hours now, maybe 4 hours, from my first meetings, whereas I think a lot of you had a couple of months, from November to January. I really hope to get to know you all. The Founders intended us to have a strong Congress, and especially with the Presidential race the way it is, Congress truly has an opportunity to show real leadership and to be able to have the chance to be here and do the incredibly consequential work, face the challenge, and perhaps be part of solving some great things is an incredible honor. So let’s get around to it. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 237, noes 182, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Rush Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—182 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Barletta Farr Fincher Hanna Hardy Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Jackson Lee Lieu, Ted Luetkemeyer Payne Sires Takai Walker Wilson (FL) 
b1540 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 286. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous material on H.R. 5278. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LAMALFA ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 770 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5278. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1543 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5278) to establish an Oversight Board to assist the Government of Puerto Rico, including instrumentalities, in managing its public finances, and for other purposes, with Mr. SIMPSON in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume to say that to date, this is one of the most significant bills that has come to the floor in a long time, and it is going to be an excellent solution to a very, very difficult problem. I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the sponsor of the bill, for its introduction. b1545 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chair, I thank Congressman BISHOP and the whole Natural Resources Committee for all of the hard work they put into this bill. This has been a monthslong process of working with Democrats and Republicans, the administration, Treasury, Puerto Rican elected officials, all coming together to negotiate, to discuss, to philosophize and then eventually come up with what I think is an excellent resolution to the burning crisis in Puerto Rico. I want to take a moment to talk about what is actually happening on the island. Puerto Rico is $73 billion in debt. That is over 100 percent of GNP. They have almost $2 billion of unpaid bills to their vendors. So what does that mean? That means schools are closing down because we don’t have fuel for energy in the schools or for school buses. Hospital wings are closing. Emergency vehicles aren’t being run because the island doesn’t have money to pay its bills. This is a true economic crisis. It is a true humanitarian crisis that is taking place in Puerto Rico. So the question becomes: Does this institution act to help Puerto Rico, or do we continue to negotiate and refine and tweak a bill that will never come to the floor, that will never make it to the Senate, that will never gain the President’s signature? Do we let perfect be the enemy of the good? I think this is a great bill that is going to actually get Puerto Rico on a path to prosperity, opportunity, and economic growth; that is going to help the people in Puerto Rico who have a dream of living in Puerto Rico stay in Puerto Rico with their families in their communities on the island that they love. Right now, there is despair. We have thousands of people leaving Puerto Rico every month to come to the mainland because there is no opportunity. This is what debt does to economies. It absolutely crushes them, and it crushes people. So what do we do? Well, we have a twopronged approach. Number one, the elected officials in Puerto Rico have known that this issue has been coming for years, and they haven’t been able to get their hands around it, haven’t had the political will to fix the burning problem. So we are going to put into effect an oversight board to actually work with the island government to get its finances and its budgets under control. That oversight board is going to have an opportunity to work on debt restructuring, which is the second prong of this bill. $73 billion in debt, they can’t pay it. People might want to wish that all the bondholders could be paid. They might dream about all the bondholders being paid, but the bottom line is Puerto Rico doesn’t have enough income to pay its bondholders. They can’t pay their vendors, let alone their bondholders. So we set up a system where the island and the bondholders have a forum in which to negotiate a settlement, a resolution to this massive debt. And if they can’t come up with a resolution or a solution to the debt, they can access the court system, and the courts can help them resolve the disputes in regard to this massive debt. It is that system that is going to allow for debt restructuring and an oversight board that is going to bring Puerto Rico to a place of economic health. When you can get to a place of economic health, you can start to have a conversation about economic growth; and when you have economic growth, you actually help people, you help families, and you help communities. Now, there are some who have said that this bill is a bailout. Let me tell you what. I have the definition of a bailout, and a bailout happens when this institution sends taxpayer monies to somewhere else or to somebody else. The bottom line is this bill doesn’t spend any taxpayer money bailing anybody out. There is no taxpayer money that is involved. What we do here is say: Hey, listen. If you invested in Puerto Rican bonds and you might have gotten a great upside, a great return on your bonds that you maybe bought at 50 or 60 cents on the dollar, you took that risk; and if there is a loss, you, the bondholder, are going to bear the loss on that bond, but the taxpayers aren’t going to bear that loss for you. So I think this is a great compromise, a great package that is going to bring economic health and growth back to Puerto Rico. I want to thank Mr. PIERLUISI for all of the insight that he has given to both sides of the aisle on what needs to be done to make this work, and the elected politicians, the Speaker of the Puerto Rican House, who has been so gracious with his insight into how we structure a package that is going to grow Puerto Rico. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 5 minutes. The United States flag has flown over Puerto Rico for more than a century. Those born on the island are American citizens, and more than 200,000 have served in the United States military, including roughly 10,000 serving today. Millions more live on the U.S. mainland but consider Puerto Rico their home. Mr. Chairman, we are here today because our fellow Americans are suffering, and it is our constitutional responsibility to help them. They are suffering from the effects of a debt crisis more than a decade in the making. A devastating combination of mismanagement, unfair Federal policies, opportunistic hedge funds, and desperate budget cuts have destroyed the economy on the island. The monstrous burden of Puerto Rico’s $70 billion debt is swallowing the funds needed to provide health care, education, transportation, and public safety for the Commonwealth’s families. Almost 100,000 people have left the Commonwealth last year to look for 
they negotiated. The Committee rightly declined to do so. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to one of the senior members of our committee, a senior member of his delegation, and someone who happens to be celebrating today not only his anniversary, but also his birthday; and what better way of giving a birthday present to the Representative from Alaska than to allow him to speak on the floor on the subject of Puerto Rico. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 5278. May I commend Chairman BISHOP for his kindness in recognizing my birthday and my anniversary. I am quite proud of that. I am 83 years old. I want a lot of you to remember the fact I still can kick tails and take names, so just keep that in mind. This is a bill that I do support. It has been worked together with the Puerto Ricans. It has been worked together with Representatives GRIJALVA and PIERLUISI . I would say most all of the people involved in this recognize this is not everything we would want, but it is the bill, I think, that can help Puerto Rico today and now. It is not a bailout. That is for some people who keep saying it is a bailout. It does not allow taxpayer dollars to be used for paying down the Puerto Rican debt. I held a hearing in February on the oversight board concept, and it was clear that it was needed and it was testified in favor of. I understand some reluctance in Puerto Rico, but let’s get this ship righted. Once we get it righted, restaffed, and the sails full of wind, then Puerto Rico will have a chance. I do support the multiplestep process. The bill combats the immediate crisis. It will help out Puerto Rico’s ability to take and get credit. We need more longterm solutions, though, about the economic zones in Puerto Rico and how we improve the economy there so they can continue to grow. I want to compliment Mr. DUFFY ’s amendment, and I will support Mr. DUFFY and his work on this legislation. I do believe a HUBZone is very necessary in the contracting program. As I mentioned, I have been worked passionately on Puerto Rican issues on the floor of the House. Fifteen years ago, we had a vote about statehood. I passed it by one vote. I am a big supporter of statehood and always have been. It didn’t occur. We didn’t allow it. Right now, this problem has to be addressed. I again do compliment Mr. BISHOP , Mr. DUFFY , and members on that side of the aisle. Let’s take our American people and Puerto Rico and give them the recognition that is necessary. Let’s take and help them now so we can go forth. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ). Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chairman, I want to take this opportunity to really thank Ranking Member GRIJALVA for the important role that he has played throughout this process. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the bill. When I was elected to Congress, I understood there would be tough votes. For me, PROMESA is one of those votes. For those of us with ties to Puerto Rico, this a profoundly personal issue. There is plenty of blame to go around for this situation. San Juan has played a role, but Washington and Wall Street have equally contributed to this crisis. It is a crisis that is already harming working families that call the island home and, if left unaddressed, it will grow immeasurably worse. So today we stand at a fork in the road: one path—the bill before us—empowers Puerto Rico to restructure 100 percent of its debt; the only other route sends Puerto Rico to the courthouse, where it will be at the mercy of creditors that will inflict further suffering on the island. Now, some would suggest that if we oppose this bill, somehow a third option will magically appear before us. That is nonsense. The stark reality we now face is that, other than PROMESA, there are simply no other politically feasible options left. That does not mean that this is a perfect bill. It is not even close. It makes no sense that this bill includes an attempt to pay Puerto Rican workers less than those on the mainland. It is offensive that Puerto Rico must foot a $370 million price tag for an oversight board its residents do not want. And the bill does not address economic growth incentives and healthcare parity, issues at the core of Puerto Rico’s crisis. Despite these shortcomings, I see no alternative. If we do not act, Puerto Rico will unravel further. Basic services are being cut, and these cuts will deepen. More schools will close. More police and firefighters will be terminated. And those who will pay the price are Puerto Rico’s most vulnerable: its children, its seniors, and its working families. We have a profound responsibility to prevent this catastrophe from worsening. Those suffering on the island are my brothers and sisters, my fellow Puerto Ricans. b1600 But, my friends, they are also your fellow citizens. 200,000 Puerto Ricans have fought—and shed blood—in every military conflict since World War I. Now these citizens need our help. This is a responsibility we cannot ignore. You see, when the United States took Puerto Rico—and remember we seized it by force—we did not just obtain a pretty island. We also took on a responsibility to care for the people who live there. Now, let me say this: Living up to that responsibility does not end with this vote on this bill today. Decisions made by Washington over decades have corroded Puerto Rico’s economy. Addressing those problems will require more work by Congress. Until we end the colonial conditions that have subjugated and exploited the island, there will be no longterm recovery. So this bill alone is not enough. We must pass additional legislation, in the next 6 months, addressing Puerto Rico’s deepseated economic challenges and ongoing healthcare crisis. If we do not, then, Washington, we have failed the people of Puerto Rico once more. Mr. Chairman, this is not the legislation I would have written, but it is the only way we can extend a lifeline to Puerto Rico right now. In many ways, the easy path for me would be to vote ‘‘no.’’ Certainly, I have heard the case made by some in the Puerto Rican community. The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chair, at the end of the day, I know that if this bill does not pass, people I care about and love on the island I grew up on will suffer greatly. At least with this legislation, Puerto Rico can begin restructuring its debts and start down a new path toward a brighter future. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. Then please join me in working to address the other longterm challenges confronting Puerto Rico. In closing, let me thank all those who worked on this legislation, especially Leader PELOSI , Speaker R YAN, and Whip HOYER . Let me also thank Ranking Member GRIJALVA and Chairman BISHOP for their efforts as well as my fellow Puerto Rican Members of Congress. And, of course, our thanks to the staff who dedicated countless hours crafting this compromise. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ). He is from the southern tip of Florida, as close to Puerto Rico as you can get on the mainland. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Chairman, today I rise in support of H.R. 5278, the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act, or PROMESA. I want to thank Chairman BISHOP and Representative D UFFY , who have shown steadfast leadership in finding practical solutions to address the fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico. The situation in Puerto Rico is urgent and so is the need for a responsible reform agenda. Hundreds of thousands of citizens have left the island— many have come to Florida—to find better opportunities as a result of the deteriorating economic conditions. Our friends in Puerto Rico, our fellow American citizens deserve a better future, one that gives them the chance to 
achieve prosperity on the island. This legislation is an important step forward in helping the island mitigate the existing humanitarian and economic emergency in a responsible way. The bill also allows the congressional task force to look at impediments to economic growth and poverty reduction, including equitable access to Federal healthcare programs for the island’s residents. Serious challenges remain in the healthcare sector—like the impending Medicaid cliff—that could have a detrimental impact on the future of the island. I also urge my colleagues to vote in favor of my amendment with Mr. JOLLY which will guarantee that addressing the nearly 60 percent of children living in poverty on the island is a top priority. As we work to achieve economic stability on the island, we must also ensure that the mechanisms in this bill benefit the extremely vulnerable child population. Congress has an important interest in ensuring that Puerto Rico not only survives the current crisis, Mr. Chairman, but that it is able to build a better and more sustainable future. Again, I am very supportive of the bipartisan solutions in H.R. 5278, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the bill and of my amendment which addresses child poverty on the island. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), our whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Chairman, at the outset, rarely do we see the political courage and intellectual integrity that we have seen in the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ). I have worked with her for months now trying to get to a solution fair to Puerto Rico and fair to the 3.5 million American citizens who live in Puerto Rico. I also want to thank my friend JOSE´ SERRANO , also from New York, also Puerto Rican, also having thought about this extraordinarily thoughtfully, and it has been difficult. I want to congratulate both of them for coming to the decision that is a terribly difficult one for them that this is, at this juncture, the only alternative to the pain and the suffering of which Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ spoke. I am sure the citizens of Puerto Rico are watching this debate, and they understand this is not a perfect bill. It is not the bill I or Mr. PIERLUISI —who lost an election, in my view, because of his fidelity to what he believes is in the island’s best interest—would have written. It forces Puerto Rico to take some bitter medicine, accept an oversight board with broad powers that is unacceptable to many living on the island, and it does not provide additional assistance to the island that is critically needed and ought to be done. Hopefully we can address that. It is a compromise, and it will enable the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico to restructure its debt and prevent economic catastrophe. I can assure both sides of the aisle in this Chamber and in the Senate that it is a compromise forged out of a serious consideration of all possible alternatives that could result in bipartisan agreement. We must not risk the cost of further inaction by this Congress, which should have acted months ago; but it is not too late to do the right thing. Congress must act before Puerto Rico’s next interest payment is due on July 1. According to The New York Times Editorial Board: This bill ‘‘has flaws . . . ’’. I think both sides would agree to that. The New York Times went on: ‘‘ . . . but at this late hour, it offers the island its best chance of survival.’’ It is, therefore, Mr. Chairman, my advice and urging to our Members that we vote for this bill. We need to come together and pass this bill without any controversial riders. Again, I want to thank Representatives VELA´ZQUEZ and S ERRANO and Resident Commissioner PIERLUISI for their leadership, their courage, and their integrity. Mr. Chairman, we need to pass this bill for the American citizens living on Puerto Rico and to meet the responsibility of which Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ spoke so eloquently. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ), one of the premier members of our committee. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 5278. I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin, Congressman DUFFY , and Chairman BISHOP for their work in crafting this bipartisan legislation. H.R. 5278 is a compromise bill designed to save Puerto Rico from economic calamity and prevent a taxpayer bailout. Mr. Chairman, I suggest that the admission from both sides of the aisle that this bill isn’t perfect is a testament that this bill is the best solution. Puerto Rico is in a crisis. The territory has already missed payments on its debt, and more and larger missed payments are on the near horizon. The fiscal and economic conditions of Puerto Rico are unsustainable. Based on the constitutionally delegated power of Congress ‘‘to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States,’’ we have a responsibility to take action on this matter. This unsustainable debt burden brought on by poor decisions, unfulfilled promises, and bad investments has crippled their economy. Their unemployment rate is 12.2 percent, and since Puerto Ricans are American citizens, thousands of young people come to the mainland each year to find work. Puerto Rico is spiraling out of control, and it is our constitutional responsibility to put our territory on a different path and change the economic trajectory. H.R. 5278 establishes a 7member oversight board that will have the authority to establish budgets for the territory, require the scoring of legislation so the people of Puerto Rico know the true costs of government programs, and the power to veto contracts and executive orders. Once again, I would like to thank Congressman DUFFY and Chairman BISHOP for their hard work in crafting a bill to get Puerto Rico on the right track without a taxpayer bailout. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5278 to stop Puerto Rico’s economic death spiral and to lay a foundation for a brighter future in Puerto Rico without spending taxpayer dollars. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ). Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, when we started these negotiations, with both sides wanting to do something, with both leaderships in the House wanting to do something, I knew that at the end of the day I would be voting for a bill. I knew I had to do that for a very simple reason. Inactivity, inaction was not an option. The only option was to do a bill. What that bill would look like was my question. What that bill would look like was my challenge and my dilemma. The bill changed. The original bill had some provisions that no one could really defend on either side. We have made a bill now that does have some hard pills to swallow, but then over $70 billion in debt with no signs of being able to pay is even more of a bitter pill to swallow. The territory is hurting. The people are hurting. In fact, if anything comes out of this that is positive, it is the fact that the U.S. Congress is paying attention to Puerto Rico in a way that it hasn’t in a long, long time, if at all. We are paying attention, and we want to do something about the situation at hand. We are not supposed to direct our comments to the gallery or to the TV cameras, so I won’t do that. But there are people watching this, and they need to have faith in the fact that both parties have come together to come together with a plan that will help us, a plan that will bring Puerto Rico back out of this debt situation. And, most importantly, I believe there is a commitment on both sides to work on economic development projects for the future to help Puerto Rico and its economy. But I couldn’t get off this podium today without addressing my most important issue, and that is that the problem with Puerto Rico continues to be the status. As long as Puerto Rico is a colony, a territory of the United States, these issues will come back and other issues will come back. I once, some months ago, either sarcastically or very profoundly, said that all we were doing if we didn’t deal with the status was putting a BandAid on a bigger problem. Well, there is a bigger problem, and I think it is time Congress came together with the people of 
Puerto Rico and decided to end the colonial status. But ending the colonial status does not mean tweaking the colony to make it a little better or washing the face of the colony to make it a little more presentable. It means getting rid of the colony and either becoming the 51st State or an independent nation. There is no other solution. b1615 And for us, as the people who promote—and rightfully so—democracy throughout the world, to have a colony for 118 years is wrong. And remember, Puerto Rico didn’t do this by itself. The indifference and inequality created this problem, as much as everything else. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. LABRADOR ), my good friend, who has done a whole lot of work on this particular bill. Mr. LABRADOR. I thank the chairman and Mr. DUFFY for the work they and their staffs have done on this critical piece of legislation. I especially want to thank my staffer, Aaron Calkins, for his work to make this a better bill. We have worked countless hours to improve this bill, and I am proud of the work that we have done. Mr. Chairman, I rise today as a member of the Natural Resources Committee and as a Representative of Idaho’s First Congressional District to support H.R. 5278. The debt crisis in Puerto Rico is a result of years of liberal policies where the government carelessly borrowed and overspent, while simultaneously encouraging mismanagement and inefficiency. We cannot view Puerto Rico’s situation in a vacuum. If left unresolved, the financial crisis in Puerto Rico will impact the rest of our Nation. The bill imposes fiscal reforms without spending a single dollar of U.S. taxpayer money to relieve Puerto Rico’s debt. The bill protects taxpayers from bailing out a government that spent recklessly and avoids setting a horrible precedent that could tempt freespending States to walk away from their obligations. Specifically, H.R. 5278 establishes a strong oversight board to require Puerto Rico to balance its budget and achieve fiscal responsibility. The bill includes language that ensures that the fiscal plans and any potential restructuring must honor lawful priorities and liens as guaranteed by Puerto Rico’s constitution and laws. Every State and municipality in this country relies on bond markets to provide funding for government operations. H.R. 5278 creates the balance that will effectively address the needs of Puerto Rico, while ensuring access to these markets for States and municipalities nationwide. In conclusion, as a person who was born and raised in Puerto Rico and somebody who is very proud of his Puerto Rican heritage, I love the people, I love the island, and I hope that this bill sets them on the path to fiscal responsibility and a brighter future. The House must pass this bill to establish the necessary framework to help Puerto Rico put its fiscal house in order, while also protecting the interests of every American. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ), who, at great risk politically, continued to push for this compromised bill we have before us; and for that, we are grateful. Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Chairman, I represent Puerto Rico in Congress, and I rise in support of PROMESA. Puerto Rico is at a crossroads. Since 1898, it has been a territory of the United States, subject to the broad powers of Congress under the Territory Clause. In 1917, Congress conferred U.S. citizenship on individuals born in Puerto Rico. In the 1950s, Congress authorized and approved a constitution for Puerto Rico, which provides the island with a republican form of government consisting of three branches. Because Puerto Rico is a territory, my constituents have never been treated equally relative to their fellow U.S. citizens in the States in terms of either democratic rights or economic opportunities. In large part, to compensate for the lack of fair treatment at the Federal level, the Puerto Rican Government has spent beyond its means at the local level, leading to excessive deficits and debt. This lack of discipline is regrettable but understandable, since the Puerto Rican Government is seeking to provide a quality of life to island residents comparable to the quality of life in the States. Bear in mind that my constituents can hop on a plane any time, any day, and move to Florida or Texas. The bill we consider today, PROMESA, is a bipartisan compromise intended to deal with the territory’s unprecedented fiscal crisis, which is severe and immediate. The bill will enable Puerto Rico to restructure its public debt in a fair and orderly manner, while establishing an independent and temporary oversight board to ensure that Puerto Rico has a viable, longterm fiscal plan and balanced budgets and that it sticks to both. In an emergency, the first step is to stabilize the situation, and I believe PROMESA can accomplish this objective. Without this legislation, the Puerto Rican Government is likely to collapse, participants in public pension plans will be terribly harmed, and many bondholders could lose their investments. PROMESA is in the interest of all stakeholders, and the most likely alternative is chaos, litigation, a rapidly deteriorating quality of life in Puerto Rico, and even greater migration to the States. However, let me be plain. This bill is an essential first step, but it is not an enduring solution. The Federal Government and, indeed, the Puerto Rican Government must come to terms with a fundamental fact: so long as my constituents are treated like secondclass citizens, Puerto Rico will never have a first class economy. Puerto Rico must become a full and equal member of the American family as a State, which is the just and logical next step, or Puerto Rico must join the community of nations as a sovereign country. Puerto Rico deserves true democracy and true dignity—nothing less—yet first things come first. We have to deal with this immediate crisis. We have to save the house in Puerto Rico. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5278. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I, too, would like to express my appreciation and sincere gratitude to the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico for his hard work. I may be known as the historian of this body, but the gentleman from Oklahoma will give a historical perspective. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ). Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to note that there are only a handful of my colleagues on the floor or in the body who were here when the precedent for this process was set in 1995. Some of my colleagues on this side of the room argue that we are setting a new precedent. We are not. Some of you remember 1994, when I came as a new Member in a special election. Some of you remember the economic chaos, the near collapse of the District of Columbia and the city of Washington. Some of you remember how we were told in those days that you can’t go into certain parts of town because it is not safe. Some remember the stories about how a high percentage—if not almost half—the police cars wouldn’t run at any one time. I remember waking up one July night and looking out the fifthfloor window of the apartment building I was in as the firemen were hosing down a spot not many paces from the corner of First and D Streets where someone had been killed, literally within hundreds of feet of the Federal campus. Washington, D.C., the District of Columbia, was about to collapse into chaos—1994. So what did we do in 1995? We passed a bill very similar to this. We set up a supervisory board that took control of the finances to help right the ship. For 2 years, there were tremendously painful decisions made here in Washington, D.C., at the municipal level; but after those 2 years, we had 4 years of balanced budgets, and the Control Act, as it was called, was suspended. It was successful. And the renaissance this town, this community has gone through all started with that bill in 1995. Now, I am voting for this piece of legislation because I believe my fellow American citizens who live in Puerto 
Rico deserve the right to have a renaissance, deserve the right to move forward. But we are all Members of elected bodies and we know how tough these decisions and situations are. Pass this bill; create the supervisory board; give the good citizens of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth, our fellow Americans, a chance to benefit, just as Washington, D.C., did. They deserve the chance. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ). Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this legislation. The people of the enchanted island deserve better. It is my duty to my heritage and to the land where I intend to return some day and where someday— hopefully, not soon—I intend to be buried. As President Obama said so profoundly when he visited the land of his father’s birth, Kenya, a nation with one of the richest histories of the struggle for freedom against the colonial power, I, too, LUISGUTIE´RREZ , am deeply and profoundly connected to my father’s birthplace. I cannot add my vote to this bill and go back to Puerto Rico or to the Puerto Rican people in my congressional district in Illinois with my head held high. I cannot and will not, not when I know that the majority of votes that will pass this legislation if it passes today will come from the Democratic Party, a party that, for all its flaws, is a party I expect a lot more from in times like this. At a moment in American history when Latinos are quite literally being dragged through the mud by the other party and maligned for being Latinos and distrusted and disrespected because of where their parents or grandparents were born, I expect my fellow Democrats to stand up tall when the lives and destinies of so many citizens—the entire island and its people— are held in the hands of the U.S. Congress. By law, they do not have a vote here. By law, they need others to vote on their behalf. By law, Puerto Rico belongs to, is property of but not part of, the United States. By law, this Congress owns Puerto Rico and must treat that ownership as stewardship, as a caring and respectful seat of power over the powerless. And because it is the Democratic Party that will supply so many folks to enact this bill, I expect my colleagues to demand more. I expect us not to support a subminimum wage. I expect us not to waive overtime rules that pay people for the work they do. I expect my fellow Democrats to stand up for equity and equality for Puerto Ricans in our Tax Code, in Medicare and health care, so that they don’t have to flee Puerto Rico to go to Orlando, Newark, or Chicago. I expect Democrats to join me in opposing the same type of unelected control board that has no accountability to the people that it is controlling—the type of control board focused on austerity without consequences of action for the people; the kind of control board that made decisions in Flint, Michigan, and that poisoned the people that did not elect them, that acted slowly to remedy the situation until other governments and other elected leaders accountable to the people they govern have to step up and begin addressing. Let me say, I am going to offer a translation in Spanish. (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:) This is not my promise. My promise is that the people of Puerto Rico be respected, that we don’t treat them as if they were colonized slaves. I reject this bill. Let me tell you that my promise is clear: to continue my work to defend Puerto Rico. As it is said by the Puerto Rican people: precious, it does not matter what tyrant treats you with bad intentions, precious you’ll be. Esta no es mi promesa; mi promesa es que el pueblo de Puerto Rico se respete y que no se trate como si fueran colonizados esclavos. Yo rechazo esta propuesta, y les digo que mi promesa es clara; de trabajar para defender. Porque como se dice pueblo de Puerto Rico preciosa, no importa el tirano te trate con negra maldad. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia). The gentleman from Illinois will provide the Clerk a translation of his remarks. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ), one of the cosponsors of this bill. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I went to Puerto Rico in March. I have been involved in negotiating this, at the request of the Speaker, literally since the first of this year. This is difficult. This is something that nobody is happy with. This is something where everybody is going to take a haircut because the depth of the problem is so bad. What we heard right after this Congress began its session this year was: Why don’t we just give them a super chapter 9 bankruptcy? That would have been bad for the future of Puerto Rico, because super chapter 9 would have dumped the $72 billion of debt and had it wiped out. And there is no way that Puerto Rico, having stiffed $72 billion worth of bondholders, would ever have been able to access the bond market again. b1630 Bond market access is essential to any type of State or municipal financing. So what do we have? A choice of doing nothing, and we have heard about the severe consequences if we do nothing, or going with something that worked in the District of Columbia, which is the oversight board. Now, sure, they are unelected. One of them has to be from Puerto Rico. But the Puerto Rican Government, which has been elected, is the one that caused this problem to begin with. They have increased just about every function of spending on the Island except debt service, and they have borrowed more and more and more and more, and they don’t have the money, or wouldn’t appropriate the money to service the debt. That is why we are here today, and that is what has got to be fixed. It should be fixed with an oversight board working in conjunction with the Puerto Rican Government, not by a court, or simply by not doing anything. It can be fixed, and Puerto Rico can have a renaissance because this is about the only practical way out of the mess. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY ). (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5278. This bill is not a perfect bill, but it is a true bipartisan compromise, and it is the only option on the table to address the crisis in Puerto Rico, which is the home to 3.5 million American citizens. The solution that this bill adopts is simple: It will allow Puerto Rico to restructure its debt in an orderly, court supervised process and, in exchange, a temporary, temporary Federal oversight board will help Puerto Rico make the structural reforms necessary to get its finances in order and set it on the path of economic growth. I would like to truly thank all parties for their hard work on this bill, especially Mr. PIERLUISI ; my good friends from New York, my colleagues Representatives VELA´ZQUEZ and S ERRANO ; Ranking Member GRIJALVA ; Chairman BISHOP ; Leader P ELOSI ; and Antonio Weiss, at the Treasury Department. New York City, which I represent, has some experience with control boards. When we faced a fiscal crisis back in the 1970s, the State established two control boards. And while that was a tough pill to swallow, in the long run, it made our city better and stronger. I would like to emphasize that the solution to New York City’s fiscal crisis involved a control board, a debt restructuring, and a $2.3 billion loan from the Federal Government. Puerto Rico isn’t getting any Federal money at all, so a debt restructuring law is really the least we can do to help them. Finally, while some opponents of this bill claim on this floor that debt restructuring is unnecessary because Congress solved D.C.’s fiscal crisis in the nineties with just a control board, this is fundamentally untrue. The only reason the D.C. Control Board was able to balance D.C.’s budget so quickly was because Treasury assumed the District’s $4 billion in pension obligations the year after the Control Board was created. 
So a control board by itself is not enough. We need to do more. But I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ), who is another Member who has worked hard on this particular bill. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Chairman, we all know about the crisis in Puerto Rico involving 3
1⁄2million U.S. citizens, and we know the causes, fiscal mismanagement over decades, resulting in nearly $120 billion of bonds and unfunded pension liabilities. Unemployment is two times what it is here on the mainland, and people are fleeing Puerto Rico in droves, especially young people. It is not sustainable. Mr. Chairman, we decided, as a society, hundreds of years ago, that we were not going to throw debtors into prison, but we were going to allow for the orderly reorganization of debts. And yet, Puerto Rico does not have the basic laws that allow that to take place in this situation. This bill fixes that. This bill puts equal pressure on bondholders, on the island of Puerto Rico. The bill will require them to work together or there will be consequences. And the bill brings an oversight board to help that happen, to even require that to happen. We have to do this. But, Mr. Chairman, fixing the debt crisis alone is not going to fix Puerto Rico’s future. We need growth initiatives. This island will not enjoy an enduring prosperity until this Congress also thinks about how to help Puerto Rico grow. That is why I introduced a title to this bill; it is just a sense of Congress, but it puts a flag in the ground saying that we have more work to do on growth, and I am really pleased to see a Growth Commission included in the bill. Mr. Chairman, I have spent a lifetime in business. I have had the privilege of creating thousands of jobs. That doesn’t happen when you have uncertain conditions. In 1996, we changed the Tax Code in Puerto Rico that treats the return of earnings from that island to the mainland like it is coming from a foreign country, and you can watch the growth rate of Puerto Rico plummet ever since. Ever since 2006—my date was wrong—2006, you can see the growth rate plummet over 10 years. Manufacturing is still half of the island’s economy and yet, it is reduced by half over the last 20 years. We have to do things that make Puerto Rico an attractive business environment. We all are worried about offshoring. This is an opportunity for nearshoring in a U.S. territory. It is an opportunity to demonstrate progrowth principles in action; to allow Puerto Rico, an island paradise, to become an economic miracle. This is the opportunity that I see. I am proud of the bill. Like any bill, it is not perfect. But let’s not let the perfect become the enemy of the good. It is a good bill that deserves our support. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ). Her time and commitment to the people of Puerto Rico and to working on a compromise in a bipartisan bill have been the primary drivers to this point on the bill that we have before us. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Chairman, I rise and commend the leadership of Chairman BISHOP . I thank the gentleman for bringing us here today, as well as our ranking member, Mr. GRIJALVA , for bringing this compromise legislation to the floor. It is with the deepest of pride that I join my colleagues, Congresswoman NYDIA VELA´ZQUEZ and Congressman JOSE´SERRANO , in support of this legislation. Although we have concerns about some elements of it, we support it on balance. I can’t help but mention to my colleagues here that in April, many of you were there when Congress bestowed the Congressional Gold Medal on the legendary 65th Infantry Regiment, a largely Puerto Rican regiment that served with valor since World War I. Honor et Fidelitas, honor and fidelity, so rings the motto of this courageous regiment of Americans. With honor and fidelity, the 65th Regiment overcame prejudice and bigotry and wrote a new chapter of heroism in our shared American story. In the Panama Canal Zone in World War I, on the doorsteps of Nazi Germany, in the defining crucible of the Korean War, and beyond, the Borinqueneers protected freedom abroad and advanced dignity at home. Their daring on the battlefield helped break down the discrimination facing Puerto Rican and Latino Americans across our country. They enriched our Nation with the strength of their service, through the excellence of their example, and the power of their bravery. Their valor under fire is nothing short of legendary. The heroic service of the Borinqueneers is one of the true great American stories. I bring this to mind because on that day in Emancipation Hall, which was crowded with people, and the presentations were led by the bipartisan, bicameral House and Senate, Democrat and Republican leadership who had representatives of our military to salute the bravery of these people of Puerto Rico in defense of our country. Now we have nearly 100,000 veterans in Puerto Rico who will be affected, harmed, unless we act today. Today, more than 3 million of our fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico are facing a fiscal and public debt emergency that threatens their economy, their communities, and their families. Only Congress can provide Puerto Rico with the tools it needs to emerge from this crisis. After long bipartisan negotiations, we achieved a restructuring process that meets the test of workability. Does it work? Will it happen? This is not a bailout. Some people are trying to describe it as such for some other purposes. I know that my colleague from Puerto Rico, PEDRO  PIERLUISI , has explained to us the urgency of this. I know that we would have, perhaps, had a bill that didn’t have some of the provisions in it that are in it, and we would have preferred to add some better things to the bill, but that is not the choice before us. As legislators, we have to make a choice: will the bill alleviate the challenge that the people of Puerto Rico are facing? Our Resident Commissioner, PEDRO PIERLUISI , thinks that this bill does achieve that, and I thank him for his courageous leadership on all of this. Again, this can be a very passionate discussion. It is an emotional one because it involves the lives of people that some of us know and are part of the families of our Members, as JOSE´ SERRANO and N YDIA VELA´ZQUEZ mentioned. But we have to be dispassionate in how we make a judgment about how we can solve the problem, and we have that opportunity today. The oversight board that President Obama will appoint is one that will have the opportunity to implement the restructuring as described in this legislation. On a bipartisan basis, we will be submitting names to the President promptly so that he can appoint the oversight board. It would be my commitment to make sure that the commitment from the House Democrats is for there to be one from Puerto Rico representing the people of Puerto Rico on that board. In addition to the oversight board, this legislation also contains a task force, a Members’ task force whose task it is to look at impediments in Federal law to Puerto Rico’s economic growth. I would hope that that task force would afford us the opportunity to see other ways that we can help the economic growth of Puerto Rico, for the citizens, our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico. We can talk about parity in relationship to Medicare, Medicaid, and the rest. We can talk about the earned income tax credit, which we enjoy in the United States, and having that be more available in Puerto Rico. We can talk about ways to use the Tax Code to give more opportunity there. So I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. Even though it is not the bill that either one side would have written, it is a compromise. But it will provide the people of Puerto Rico the tools to overcome the crisis and move forward, hundreds of millions of dollars, maybe $1 billion a year. It will alleviate Puerto Rico from having to commit, because of the restructuring, and will enable it to meet the needs of the people of Puerto Rico as it gets back on its feet. Puerto Rico’s economic success is important to the United States. Our 
economic growth and job creation plans must include our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico. I would hope, with the task force; I would hope with future legislation, as we go forward, we will recognize how close our connection is, how important it is for Puerto Rico to survive, and express our gratitude to the people of Puerto Rico for the vitality they bring to the United States of America, and for the security that so many Puerto Ricans risk their lives to protect our country. With that, I urge our colleagues to pray over it and conclude, as our three colleagues, Congresswoman VELA´ZQUEZ , Congressman S ERRANO , Congressman PIERLUISI have concluded, that, on balance, we must move forward for the benefit of the veterans, for the people, for their children, for the citizens of Puerto Rico. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 4 minutes. I appreciate the comments that have been made so far on a bill that I want to think actually has a lot of good in it. b1645 Article 4, section 3 of the Constitution provides Congress not only the power, but also the responsibility to do what is needful dealing with the territories. As a matter of fact, Mr. Chairman, just this morning, the Supreme Court ruled on a case concerning the territory and a question of double jeopardy. By a 6–2 decision, the Court held that Puerto Rico is not a separate sovereignty because the ultimate source of its power and its constitution is the United States Congress. So, indeed, this reminds us all here today of our duty to assist in the territorial issues. Now, there are seven titles to this particular piece of legislation. The first two deal with the oversight board that will bring fiscal plans and a budget to the island. Titles III and VI deal with restructuring of the debt if certain criteria are met in the oversight board’s discretion that it include good faith debt negotiations with its creditors. Title V is something I think we sometimes overlook because it gives fasttrack authority for vital infrastructure projects to be moved by the government of Puerto Rico, especially in the area of energy generation and distribution systems. One of the problems of Puerto Rico is the high energy costs that have caused them to lose jobs. What we are attempting to do is trying to find a way of changing that problem and reducing Puerto Rico’s reliance on diesel fuel to generate their electricity. That is one of the parts of this bill that is extremely important and I think is overlooked sometimes. The final title I am happy about because that has progrowth portions and reforms in it. But let it be very clear: this is a conservative bill that is rooted in the Constitution that does not cost the American taxpayers a dime. It is not a bailout. It does not expand the size or scope of the Federal Government, and it does not encroach on State authority. In fact, I think we have done a pretty good job in trying to solve some problems in a way that can move everyone forward. At this point, I also want to thank the chairmen of the Committee on Education and the Workforce and the Committee on the Judiciary and Small Business Committee for their help with this particular bill, so especially Chairman KLINE, Chairman G OODLATTE , and Chairman CHABOT . I do appreciate their help on this particular bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, May 25, 2016. Hon. STEVE CHABOT , Chairman, Committee on Small Business, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 25, 2016, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered favorably reported as amended H.R. 5278, the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, with an additional referral to the Committee on Small Business, among other committees. I ask that you allow the Committee on Small Business to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Small Business represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding, as well as in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request, and I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS , Washington, DC, May 25, 2016. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing regarding H.R. 5278, the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act. The bill contains a provision that is within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Small Business. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this bill before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner. Accordingly, I will agree that the Committee on Small Business be discharged from further consideration of the bill. I do so with the understanding that this action does not affect the jurisdiction of the Committee on Small Business, and that the Committee expressly reserves the right to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any HouseSenate conference that may be convened on this or any similar legislation. I would ask that you support any such request. I also ask that a copy of this letter be included in the Congressional Record during the consideration of H.R. 5278 on the House floor. Thank you for your consideration and for your work on this legislation. Sincerely, STEVE CHABOT , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, May 31, 2016. Hon. JOHNKLINE, Chairman, Committee on Education and the Workforce, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 25, 2016, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered favorably reported as amended H.R. 5278, the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, with an additional referral to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, among others. I ask that you allow the Committee on Education and the Workforce to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Education and the Workforce represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding, as well as in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request, and I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. 
AND THE WORKFORCE , Washington, DC, May 31, 2016. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 5278, the Puerto Rico Oversight. Management, and Economic Stability Act. Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 5278 on those matters within the Committee’s jurisdiction. In the interest of expediting the House’s consideration of H.R. 5278, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo further consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this procedural route will not be construed to prejudice my Committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my Committee in the future. Additionally, I appreciate your committee’s assistance with any additional improvements to the bill within the jurisdiction of the Education and the Workforce Committee. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be considered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Committee Report on H.R. 5278 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the 
House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, JOHNKLINE, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, May 31, 2016. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 25, 2016, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered favorably reported as amended H.R. 5278, the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, with an additional referral to the Committee on the Judiciary, among others. I ask that you allow the Committee on the Judiciary to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on the Judiciary represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding, as well as in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request, and I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 2, 2016. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BISHOP : I am writing with respect to H.R. 5278, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary among other committees. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 5278 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5278 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I appreciate your May 31, 2016, letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5278 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee report and in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 5278. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. Mr. GRIJALVA. I yield myself the balance of my time, and thank Leader PELOSI and my colleague, Chairman BISHOP , his staff, and certainly staff on our side of the aisle for their hard work. It is a bill that is indeed a compromise, and we shouldn’t be ashamed of that. It is a compromise that I wish was more tilted on our side and the things that we wanted. But, Mr. Chairman, those are not the dynamics or the numbers in this House. The reality is that the urgency of Puerto Rico, the humanitarian demands and needs of the island make us look at this bill not with an eye towards perfection, but with an eye toward what is doable and what can provide some immediate relief and begin the process of stability for the island and for its people, and begin the process of an economic renewal for the island itself. I want to also acknowledge my colleagues, Mr. PIERLUISI , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. SERRANO . I know how difficult this vote was and how difficult it is to vote on a compromise that does not fully empower and fully acknowledge the selfgovernance of the Puerto Rican people. I know that. But your endorsement of this bill is very meaningful in that it ties us to a heritage of representation by the Puerto Rican people in this body and to insisting and demanding that the needs of the people of Puerto Rico be recognized fully by this Congress. We recognize them today, as Mr. SERRANO said, but there is much, much more to do. This vote, by the way, as I close, is not about heritage. More importantly, it is not about selling out one’s heritage. It is about future generations and the opportunities they will have on the island. It is about stability for children, families, and the elderly with a fiscally stable economy and an accountable fiscal system within the island. While I can understand the political expediency of voting ‘‘no,’’ I think the demands and the urgency to deal with this question compel me—and I hope all my colleagues in this body—to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I yield 4
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ), another member of our committee. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I first want to thank Chairman BISHOP , Ranking Member G RIJALVA , Congressmen L ABRADOR , DUFFY , and PIERLUISI , and many others who worked tirelessly on this legislation. Mr. Chairman, the island of Puerto Rico with a population of under 4 million people has a debt of, by some measure, $100 billion. That is a population less than the State of Louisiana, but a debt of nearly $100 billion. We have three options: We can do nothing and continue to allow this island territory to continue spiraling downward in a financial and humanitarian crisis. We can provide financial oversight. We can relieve regulation, help to reignite the economy, and allow for a negotiation between the creditors and the debtor. Or we can pay off their debt and add to the already $19 trillion irresponsible debt of the American Government today. Those are the options that are out there. I will tell you, I also struggled with what the right conservative solution was in this case. Ultimately, there is just one right answer. Doing nothing will simply worsen the financial condition, will probably put more burden on us to actually bail out the Nation on Congress and on the White House to do that. I oppose a bailout, and I oppose putting taxpayer dollars on the hook to pay off nearly a dozen years of irresponsible spending of the Puerto Rican Government. So establishing a financial oversight board similar to what was done in Washington, D.C. and providing conditions to negotiate a solution is the right answer. It is the conservative solution. During committee consideration of the bill, I included an amendment to ensure that Federal taxpayers are not put on the hook for this liability. Section 210 says: ‘‘No Federal funds shall be authorized by this act for the payment of any liability of the territory or territorial instrumentality.’’ The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, this amendment makes it clear: as affirmed by the Supreme Court today and mentioned by the committee chairman, Puerto Rico is different from a State, and the Supreme Court affirmed that today. It is not a State. It is a territory of the U.S., and we have a constitutional obligation to prevent a worsening disaster. This bill does not set a precedent for States and municipalities. It respects the priority of debt by general obligation bondholders and others. It prevents higher cost of borrowing by States and municipalities by controlling the situation. Most importantly, Mr. Chairman, it doesn’t bail out Puerto Rico. It creates a path for financial stability. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for H.R. 5278. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ). Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Chairman, I come before the House today to support an important piece of legislation that will allow the people of Puerto Rico a path towards economic stability, growth, and prosperity. Beholden to outofcontrol taxand spend policies, the Puerto Rican people are experiencing the harsh realities of fiscal irresponsibility and unaccountable government. That is why I strongly support this bill. 
We have a moral and constitutional responsibility to address this fiscal crisis which will only get worse if we don’t act. That is why I support this bill and what we must learn from this experience. Congress and Presidents of both parties have let our national debt reach an unsustainable $19 trillion. That is only because the U.S. Government has something that Puerto Rico doesn’t have: the ability to print money and borrow endlessly. So that is why I support the fiscal reforms in this bill which do not spend a single dollar in U.S. taxpayer money to relieve Puerto Rico of its debt. I have long opposed taxpayer bailouts. Fortunately, this bill prevents the taxpayers from bailing out a government that spent recklessly and provides a conservative solution to force Puerto Rico to spend now responsibly. The bill also avoids setting a horrible precedent that could tempt freespending States to walk away from their obligations by behaving irresponsibly. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. GARRETT. Most importantly, the bill creates a sevenmember oversight board to oversee their debt restructuring and to conduct financial audits. What would this board do? It would require commonsense actions like sustainable government programs to establish fiscal plans to achieve needed reform and so on. This bipartisan bill is the first step to return Puerto Rico to solvency and stability. Americans, each and every day, balance their own checkbooks and live within their own means. Politicians and government bureaucrats should behave no differently. I therefore support the underlying legislation. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ). She is the vicechair of the committee. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, we saw a bunch of ads on TV about this bill and about what it would do to the bondholders. So I did some research. I rise in support of this bill as one of the more conservative members of the Republican wing of this House. The reason I support it is the research I did showed me that it wasn’t this widow that bought these bonds, it was large institutional investors. It was investors who knew what they were buying because they read the disclosure documents. It was investors who buy billions of dollars worth of bonds, and they are trying to diversify those portfolios, so they have some highrisk, highreturn investments and some low risk, lowreturn investments. They have different maturity dates. They come from different jurisdictions. They are trying to have a balanced portfolio. Those portfolios were purchased recognizing that some of these bonds might have a higher risk and a higher return. That higher return comes at a discounted price. So they paid a discount in hopes that they would get the higher return and that these bonds would hold up. Quite frankly, those bondholders knew what they were getting because it was even disclosed in the bond documents that Congress might be here today debating this very problem of the island’s inability to repay everything. Not all general obligation bonds are created equal. The bond purchasers knew what they were getting. This bill is going to allow for the relativeto eachother agreement among the bondholders about how to treat the bonds. Mr. Chairman, I fully support the bill. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN). He also has the title of Speaker of the House. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Chairman, it is vital that we pass this bill. Let me tell you why. Puerto Rico is in trouble, and we need to act now before that trouble threatens taxpayers. Let me explain why. Puerto Rico’s government owes $118 billion in bonds and in unfunded pension liabilities. It has already defaulted on much of it. Things are only going to get worse. Now the island is shutting down. You can see it in the news—closed schools, and hospitals are beginning to close. That is today. Tomorrow it could be policemen without cars. It could be blackouts at hospitals. This is a humanitarian disaster in the making. What is worse, if we do nothing, it could be a manmade humanitarian disaster. I know this goes without saying, but it is worth repeating: the Puerto Rican people are our fellow Americans. They pay our taxes. They fight in our wars. We cannot allow this to happen. I should also say that if we do nothing, the contagion will simply spread. About 15 percent of Puerto Rico’s debt is already held by middle class Americans, and if the government can’t meet its obligations, these families will pay the price—or even worse, taxpayers could be asked to bail it out. b1700 That is simply unacceptable. That is why we are taking action now, to prevent a bailout and to help the Puerto Rican people. What this bill will do is allow Puerto Rico to restructure its debts and set up an oversight board that will oversee this process. Congress and the President will appoint the members of this board. It will audit Puerto Rico’s books and make sure the restructuring is open and fair. It will also make sure the restructuring honors the agreements. It will make sure the government changes its ways so we don’t have to do this again. Let me set a few things straight. Some people say this will set a bad precedent. Some people say this will encourage reckless spending by the States. No, absolutely not. The bill applies only to territories and not to States. I also want to point one other thing out. The Puerto Rican Government is not getting off scotfree here. Not at all. It has not served the Puerto Rican people well. It has spent money recklessly for decades. This legislation will make sure that the government balances its budget. It will make sure that they pass reforms that will grow the Puerto Rican economy. It gives flexibility on the youth minimum wage so businesses will hire more young people. I also hear people say that this is a bailout. That is absolutely, categorically, undeniably false. This bill won’t add a single dollar to the deficit. All you have to do is look at the Congressional Budget Office. Not a single taxpayer dollar added to the deficit. This bill prevents a bailout. That is the entire point. Let me tell you this: if we do not pass this bill, then there is much more likely going to be a bailout because there will be no other choice. But if we pass this bill, Puerto Rico will get a handle on its debt. Its economy will begin to grow. The people in Puerto Rico will see that help is on the way and there is a reason to stay because they are finally getting their act together. Taxpayers will be safe. I am telling all Members right now, the best chance to get this right is to pass this bill. The best chance for creditors to get what they are owed is this bill. This is our responsibility. The Constitution is really clear. The Constitution gives Congress the duty to oversee legislation for all U.S. territories. Now it is time that we do our constitutional duty. A lot of people have spent so much time on this legislation. Here is what we are doing. If we see a problem among our fellow citizens and it is in a territory where we have a constitutional responsibility, we have to address this problem, and we have to address this problem in a smart way so that we prevent the taxpayer from getting involved, we have to address this problem in a smart way so that we prevent any contagion from occurring in the bond markets, and we have to address this problem in a smart way so that Puerto Rico can get back on its feet again, so that the future for the people in Puerto Rico is a brighter future. There are so many people who have poured their hearts into this. I want to thank ROBBISHOP from Utah, the chairman of the committee; I want to thank SEAN DUFFY from Wisconsin; I want to thank RAU´LLABRADOR from Idaho; I want to thank JIMSENSEN BRENNER from Wisconsin; I want to thank PEDRO PIERLUISI from Puerto Rico; and I want to thank the Members from the other side of the aisle who put so much time into this. This is a bipartisan bill. This is the best solution in a deepening crisis. This 
bill has my full support. I urge all of my colleagues in the House to give it their full support as well. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Six months ago, our committee began the effort to try to solve this problem. We had four hearings, countless stakeholder meetings, and got input from expert testimony. Interested parties from all over the place were able to get their input in various drafts of this bill. It was an exhaustive effort, but what happened is at the end of this time we had a good bill. That is the way this process is supposed to work. It is a bill that is rooted in the Constitution, it doesn’t cost the taxpayers, it provides Puerto Rico with the tools to impose discipline over its finances, and led towards an element of prosperity. In Spanish, I am told that the phrase promesa means promise. This bill is a promise for Puerto Rico for a better life. It is the way we go forward. I urge everyone’s adoption of a great piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Chair, today I rise in support of H.R. 5278, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act’’ (PROMESA)—a bipartisan bill providing shortterm relief to respond to the humanitarian crisis facing the people of Puerto Rico. Mr. Chair, Puerto Rico’s faltering economy and the wellbeing of its more than 3.4 million people are of great concern to may colleagues and me. The island’s $70 billion debt has made it extremely difficult for the Commonwealth to provide adequate health care, education and public safety for the people of Puerto Rico. As a result, its people are struggling to access basic public services—as schools and hospitals face daily electricity and water shortages. I am deeply concerned that the island’s health care systems have been adversely affected by Puerto Rico’s debt crisis, making it increasingly difficult to handle a Zika outbreak or other health crises. As a senior member of the Financial Services Committee, I support giving Puerto Rico all the tools necessary to restore its access to credit markets and restructuring its outstanding debt. These critically important measures will help restore its financial footing. I do not support certain provisions in the bill, including sections undermining a minimum wage and protections for pension benefits. However, it is my hope that this bill on balance will help Puerto Rico stave off catastrophe by restoring basic services, with the hope of putting Puerto Rico back on the path toward improving the quality of life of its people. In closing, Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 5278. This bill is not perfect, but it takes a step in the right direction. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Chair, I am disappointed that two amendments I offered yesterday at the Rules Committee were not made in order for debate on H.R. 5278, the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA). These amendments, along with amendments offered by Rep. K ILILISABLAN of the Northern Mariana Islands on the Earned Income Tax Credit and Rep. AMATA RADEWAGEN of American Samoa on the Child Tax Credit, would have addressed underlying issues that are experienced in all the territories and that contributed to Puerto Rico’s debt crisis. We had a chance to address legacy policy issues that unduly put a significant financial strain on our local treasuries, yet we were denied an opportunity to more fully debate these issues and be afforded an up or down vote. My first amendment would have granted the government of Guam flexibility to extend Social Security to all new government hires. The Government of Guam’s (GovGuam) current retirement plan will leave many without sufficient means when they retire. As you know, the pension shortfall in Puerto Rico was a key contributor to its current fiscal crisis and local leaders in Guam are working proactively to enact legislation to prevent a similar situation in Guam. Part of their efforts is contingent on enrolling employees in Social Security, and my amendment would give GovGuam flexibility to enroll new hires in Social Security as it works to address retirement shortfalls for its current workforce. The Social Security Actuaries and the CBO have indicated that the amendment would have a net positive increase on federal revenues. I offered a practical, common sense solution that is supported by many on Guam. It was a proactive attempt to provide GovGuam with the tools it needs to address this systemic issue. My second amendment would have granted equitable treatment to the U.S. territories in carrying out the Medicaid program. The amendment would have eliminated the Medicaid caps on the territories and provide parity with the federal medical assistance percentage in force in the territories. The inequitable treatment of the territories in Medicaid has caused significant financial strain on our local governments and has forced us to contribute a disproportionate share of local dollars when compared to the 50 states and DC. This was a bipartisan amendment supported by all representatives of the territories, and it would have put our constituents, who are all Americans, on equal footing with those who reside in the States. The cost of providing health care in our jurisdictions, particularly on Guam, inhibits our economies from truly developing. Further, this amendment was modeled off a request contained in President Obama’s Fiscal Year 2017 budget request which would have eliminated the caps and put the territories on a path to improving their FMAP. This budget proposal is a critical component of solving the crisis we see in Puerto Rico yet we have been denied a chance to address this matter on the floor. We have an opportunity to address this inequity, and I feel it is critical that we act with purpose on this matter. I also want to underscore my disappointment that amendments submitted by my colleagues, Mr. SABLAN and Ms. R ADEWAGEN  were also not made in order. We firmly believe that Puerto Rico’s debt crisis cannot be resolved through debt restructuring alone. This debt crisis was caused by underlying issues which have been impacted by the unequal treatment of the territories in certain federal programs. Again, like with Medicaid, addressing these issues for Puerto Rico and the other territories would help lift a burden and allow our local governments to focus more on economic development and improving infrastructure to support those new economies. Together our amendments addressed disparities in Medicaid and the application of the Earned Income Tax Credit and the Child Tax Credit, and would have fixed critical issues that contributed to Puerto Rico’s debt crisis. We offered these amendments because while Guam’s and the other territories’ fiscal situations are nowhere near the crisis in Puerto Rico, we had an opportunity to be proactive and eliminate federal policies and programs that are not treating the territories with equity. Put more simply, we could have been proactive in addressing federal law to ensure our other territories are put in a better shape financially. We simply do not believe that extending the authorities proposed in PROMESA without addressing continued systemic challenges will resolve Puerto Rico’s problems, nor will it provide a more secure financial footing in all the territories. I recognize the political challenges that have been undertaken to get this bill to the point that we are at right now. However, we need to find the political will to address the systemic challenges now, before they become crises later. We are doing all we can to be proactive so that what is happening to Puerto Rico does not happen to the rest of us. I hope this Congress will address these issues so that we can bring parity to the millions of Americans living in the territories and enable the territories’ local governments to focus on programs that will enhance their economies. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chair, House Resolution 5278 creates a board of managers to address the fiscal condition of Puerto Rico. However, Puerto Rican officials still have not been held accountable or accepted responsibility for their policies that caused the financial crisis. In fact, just the opposite: the Puerto Rican government ignored its fiscal obligations when it recently voted to approve a moratorium on repaying any of its debt. But it is Puerto Rico and not Congress who should take the first steps to adopt reform measures. There is no certainty that a financial oversight board would implement any economic growth measures to improve the Island’s fiscal condition. The board has no mandate from Congress to address the bloated government workforce, high taxes, an insolvent pension system, limitations on trade under the Jones Act, and excessive welfare benefits, all of which helped cause the fiscal crisis. This legislation rewards bad behavior and represents a missed opportunity for Congress to insist on fiscally responsible reforms. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I rise today because Puerto Rico is confronting a catastrophe. The spiral of recession, emigration, debt, and austerity has left the island in dire straits. Puerto Rico faces immediate default on a large portion of its debt and the island might have to halt emergency services if it cannot obtain further credit. This crisis has been developing for a long time, but the problem has grown increasingly unworkable over the past year while this Congress has done nothing. The potential humanitarian consequences of continuing to do nothing have convinced me that despite my grave concerns about what I consider a mere half measure, I must support PROMESA, the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (H.R. 5278). 
Puerto Rico’s problems go beyond short term debt service. Federal changes to their unique tax structure have helped push the territory into recession for a decade, which in turn has driven massive emigration elsewhere, which harms their ability to attract investment and fair financing, which has only further imperiled the Island’s fiscal situation. It is the very definition of an austerity driven destructive cycle. Correcting its course is no easy task, but Puerto Rico can succeed if they receive two necessary things: time and support. First, an immediate stay on debt collection and payments that would allow time to develop a negotiated resolution, or absent that a bankruptcy process that treats creditors equitably. All creditors should expect to shoulder some of the pain, but nobody should take unfair losses—least of all the pensioners who can least afford an unequal burden. Second, an economic development plan that reflects Puerto Rico’s unique challenges, like emigration to the mainland, which hinder the island’s ability to rebuild its tax base and attract new investment. Alternative energy programs and tax incentives should be supported to encourage a more selfsufficient economy. Public health efforts should be directed to the island in order to evaluate growing problems that disproportionately affect Puerto Rico, such as Zika. PROMESA, while well intentioned, simply may not fully address the magnitude of Puerto Rico’s problems. Without an adequate commitment to improving economic stability on the island, talented residents will continue emigrating elsewhere, industry will further wither because of substandard public services, and local fiscal problems will likely escalate. Further, the ridiculous riders that potentially undercut wage and overtime protections—as well as environmental regulations—represent a cynical effort to take advantage of the Island’s desperate situation. It is a shameful reminder that many in this body see Puerto Rico as a colony unworthy of the privileges we enjoy on the mainland. I am voting for PROMESA despite my serious concerns because I hope against hope that it will be improved in the Senate. A real recovery strategy—one that gives residents, workers, and pensioners a viable future—is what Puerto Rico needs and deserves. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I stand before you today to discuss H.R. 5278—Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA). Our consideration of PROMESA must be a very thoughtful analysis of an outcome where the people of Puerto Rico will be empowered and be on a path towards progress where working families, their children and pensioners can be on a pathway towards a better future. PROEMSA is a bipartisan measure and effort to assist the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico in restructuring $70 billion in currently unpayable debt, an amount that exceeds the size of its entire economy. There are a total of 3.548 million people living on the island of Puerto Rico. Since 2006, Puerto Rico’s economy has shrunk by more than 10 percent and shed more than 250,000 jobs. More than 45 percent of the Commonwealth’s residents live in poverty—the highest poverty rate of any state or territory. Furthermore, its 11.6 percent unemployment rate is more than twice the national level. The challenges facing the people of Puerto Rico have ignited the largest wave of outmigration since the 1950’s, and the pace continues to accelerate. More than 300,000 people have left Puerto Rico in the past decade with a record of 84,000 people leaving in 2014. Puerto Ricans suffer from high rates of forced migration due to the better opportunities offered in the United States compared to in the commonwealth. The gap between emigrants and immigrants has been continuously widening. Indeed, this increase in emigrants caused a population decline, the first in its history, and the stateside Puerto Rican population grew quickly. The median age of male Puerto Ricans is of working age from the ages of 25–49 and similarly for women from the ages of 25–59. Most of the homes are familyled. There are about 1,133,600 people in the civilian labor force but only 43 percent of them are employed. In addition, most of those working work in minimum wage jobs. Over 27 percent of the people in the Commonwealth are on welfare. The median income in Puerto Rico is only half that of the poorest U.S. state, Mississippi, but welfare benefits are about the same in Puerto Rico as in Mississippi. Swift action is needed in order to alleviate the pain and suffering of the people of Puerto Rico. There is no time to waste. H.R. 5278 appears to be an emergency default for Puerto Rico, an American territory where 3.5 million American citizens reside and continue to live in fear for their finances, their families and their future. On July 1, Puerto Rico will face nearly $2 billion worth of bond payments. Already, businesses have closed, public worker benefits are in jeopardy, hospital care is restricted and basic governmental functions are at risk. Should the Puerto Rican government default in early July, it faces certain litigation by its creditors, further erosion of its economy, and an inability to provide basic services to its people. This measure creates a process for the Commonwealth to restructure their bond debts, avoiding a default that could lead to a humanitarian catastrophe and instead allowing Puerto Rico to return to economic growth and fiscal balance. It would allow for the creation of a seven member Financial Oversight and Management board which will approve annual budgets and fiscal plans. This fiscal plan must be designed in a way that provides adequate funding for pension obligations. Also, I have serious concerns about the minimum wage provision of the measure. Specifically, regarding minimum wage and overtime, H.R. 5278 would extend the application of the existing federal subminimum wage of $4.25 an hour to those under the age of 25 in Puerto Rico for as long as four years, while all other federal jurisdictions pay the subminimum wage to those under the age of 20 for only up to the first ninety days of employment. We need to continue to work on ways to improve this measure to ascertain that American citizens in Puerto Rico are not languishing in poverty. Indeed, the measure contains a provision that provides for a delay on the new Department of Labor overtime pay regulation until a Government Accountability Office (GAO) study is completed and the Department of Labor determines whether the rule could negatively impact the economy of Puerto Rico. Additionally, the measure would create a ‘‘Revitalization Coordinator’’ that works closely with the Oversight Board to determine which energy and other infrastructure projects will be able to bypass local environmental, public health, and consumer protection laws. Let me underscore again that I have serious concerns about the provisions in this measure, not the least of which is the expansion of the subminimum wage, the exemption from the new overtime Rule, and the exclusion of protections for pension benefits. I commend my Democratic colleagues in their efforts of protecting the environment and wildlife refuge in the Commonwealth. I look forward to working with my Democratic colleagues and our Republican colleagues across the aisle in continuing to improve the provisions of the measure for the betterment of fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico. Let me conclude by highlighting that H.R. 5278 is not perfect but so long as we continue to work on a bipartisan basis in good faith, we can work towards our efforts of ensuring that Puerto Rico does not become a humanitarian crisis. We must continue to work together to be our brother’s and sister’s keepers. It is essential that we stand with the people of Puerto Rico and take action. It is essential that we continue to work towards an orderly process that promotes the livelihood of U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico and alleviates the crisis. The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5 minute rule, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–57. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 5278 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
If any provision of this Act or the application thereof to any person or circumstance is held invalid, the remainder of this Act, or the application of that provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid, is not affected thereby, provided that title III is not severable from titles I and II, and titles I and II are not severable from title III. 
The provisions of this Act shall prevail over any general or specific provisions of territory law, State law, or regulation that is inconsistent with this Act. 
The Law Revision Counsel is directed to place this Act as chapter 20 of title 48, United States Code. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Act, nothing in this Act shall be construed as impairing or in any manner relieving a territorial government, or any territorial instrumentality thereof, from compliance with Federal laws or requirements or territorial laws and requirements implementing a federally authorized or federally delegated program protecting the health, safety, and environment of persons in such territory. 
Oversight Board’s voting members and is closed to the public, but only for the business items set forth as part of the vote to convene an executive session. 
The Oversight Board shall have an office in the covered territory and additional offices as it deems necessary. At any time, any department or agency of the United States may provide the Oversight Board use of Federal facilities and equipment on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis and subject to such terms and conditions as the head of that department or agency may establish. 
For so long as the Oversight Board remains in operation, no territorial government may, without the prior approval of the Oversight Board, issue debt or guarantee, exchange, modify, repurchase, redeem, or enter into similar transactions with respect to its debt. 
The Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure shall apply to a case under this title and to all civil proceedings arising in or related to cases under this title. 
Nothing in this Act shall be interpreted to restrict Puerto Rico’s right to determine its future political status, including by conducting the plebiscite as authorized by Public Law 113–76. 
The text of section 302 of the Omnibus Insular Areas Act of 1992 (48 U.S.C. 1469e), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘The Governments of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands are authorized to make purchases through the General Services Administration.’’. 
Nothing in this title is intended to change or alter any Federal legal requirements or laws. TITLE VI—CREDITOR COLLECTIVE ACTION 
In any judicial proceeding regarding this title, Federal, State, or territorial laws of the United States, as applicable, shall govern and be applied without regard or reference to any law of any international or foreign jurisdiction. TITLE VII—SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING PERMANENT, PROGROWTH FISCAL REFORMS 
It is the sense of the Congress that any durable solution for Puerto Rico’s fiscal and economic crisis should include permanent, pro growth fiscal reforms that feature, among other elements, a free flow of capital between possessions of the United States and the rest of the United States. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–610. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BISHOP OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–610. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 770, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, this is the proverbial manager’s amendment. It does have four significant elements that I think people ought to be aware of in this particular amendment. Thanks to a lot of work from Mr. MACARTHUR and some others, we have an optin provision in this piece of legislation for the other territories. However, if a court finding removes the optin provision and finds it to be unconstitutional, it then does have a reverse severability clause that would reinstate the optin for other territories so there would not be a constitutional issue. We do have a funding mechanism in this bill to make sure that the oversight board is up and running properly as we begin. It also has the ability for the oversight board to give them the authority to review and rescind any laws passed by the territory between May 4 and the date of its full appointment of membership if those actions alter the priorities of repayment and move things around in a controversial way. Finally, and probably most important, the amendment also includes a moving up of the timetable for appointment to the board. This simply says the President will have the appointment of the board up and running by September 15 of this year, and no later than that. This, I think, has some other technical amendments that truly are technical, but those are four substantive amendments in the manager’s amendment that help make this what we intend it to be and get us up and running very quickly. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–610. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 770, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment which ensures federally funded public transportation systems are considered an essential service as Puerto Rico works to address its debt crisis. Mr. Chairman, public transportation services in Puerto Rico are provided by a fully automated rapid rail line known as Tren Urbano. The system serves 8.5 million customers each year, providing access to three universities, the main medical center in Puerto Rico, and major financial centers in its capital. Construction of Tren Urbano was funded by the United States Government through a Federal Transit Administration grant. In fact, of the total $2.2 billion price tag, over $800 million came from Federal grants, and another $300 million came from a TIFIA loan. These are taxpayer investments we cannot let go to waste, and this amendment is simply a fiscally responsible way to make sure that that doesn’t happen. Failure to maintain Puerto Rico’s mass transit system would cause Tren Urbano to fall into disrepair. We have seen just how disruptive those problems can be right here in our Nation’s Capital. As the chairman of the House Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, I recently held a hearing on the safety and reliability of the Metro system here in D.C. Repairs to the Metro have added to congestion problems in this city, and it has caused an untold amount in lost worker productivity. We do not want to see the same problems in Puerto Rico. We want to make sure that that doesn’t happen. We don’t want to see those same problems, especially given the economic situation they are facing. Over the last several years, the Government of Puerto Rico has struggled to pay for Tren Urbano’s operations. At times, outstanding debt for operations has exceeded $20 million. Nevertheless, with the aid of FTA preventive maintenance grants, revenues from passenger fares, and funds from the Puerto Rican Highway and Transportation Authority, Tren Urbano has been able to continue serving the residents of Puerto Rico. It is critical we ensure Tren Urbano is treated as an essential service so that we can protect the hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars that are already invested in the system. Mr. Chairman, this doesn’t prioritize anything. It doesn’t put anything at the top of the list. It just simply says that it is going to be a part of this process, so we do not lose that investment. Mr. CAPUANO. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
I want to step up and basically add my name to this and my support and say it is a good amendment. It should pass. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. I yield to the gentleman from Utah. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I also want to support this amendment. Everything is fine with me too. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . JOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–610. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 114, line 11, insert ‘‘, reduce child poverty,’’ before ‘‘and attract’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 770, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, section 409 of this very important legislation creates a congressional task force on economic growth in Puerto Rico. The intent of the task force is to study barriers to economic growth, report back to Congress on changes in Federal law that would spur longterm, sustainable economic growth, job creation, and also attract investment in Puerto Rico. However, in my opinion, the section could be improved by also studying the impact and recommended changes on child poverty on the island of Puerto Rico. Nearly 60 percent of children under 18 live below the poverty level in Puerto Rico, and roughly 80 percent live in high poverty areas. That is in comparison to only 11 percent who live in high poverty areas here in the continental United States. This very simple amendment would add to the requirements of the congressional task force that they report back on recommended changes to address and reduce child poverty in the territory. This amendment has been endorsed by an organization of roughly 600 national and local religious bodies, including the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, the United Methodist Church, the Presbyterian Church U.S.A., Catholic Charities, the Union for Reform Judaism. Additionally, on Tuesday of this week, San Juan Archbishop Roberto Gonzalez Nieves called on Congress to specifically address child poverty in this bill. Much of the debate has centered around balancing the interests and needs of bondholders and lenders with those of pensioners. I would ask that this body also consider the impact on the least among us. We are all called to serve each other. This is an opportunity for this body to reflect not just the vision of our Founders, but the calling of our Creator in doing so. These children are American citizens. Their plight deserves our explicit attention. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to this amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ), the commissioner from Puerto Rico. Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman GRIJALVA . I rise to support this thoughtful amendment and to thank its authors, Congressman JOLLY and Congressman CURBELO , both from Florida. Florida is home to over 1 million individuals of Puerto Rican birth or descent, and will soon pass New York as the State with the largest Puerto Rican population. Many of the Puerto Rican families in Florida are recent arrivals, having relocated from Puerto Rico to the Sunshine State in search of the equality and economic opportunity that they lack on the island. b1715 I also want to thank the organization Jubilee USA, which has been a constructive player in the debate over PROMESA. This amendment requires the Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico, created by section 409 of the bill, to report on recommended changes to Federal policy that would reduce child poverty in Puerto Rico. I do not want to prejudge the work of the task force, so I will simply say this: poverty in Puerto Rico, including child poverty, is far higher than in any State in the Nation, and it has been far higher for as long as statistics have been available. This demonstrates that the problem is structural in nature. It is rooted in the unequal treatment that Puerto Rico receives under key Federal antipoverty programs, which is only permissible because Puerto Rico is a territory rather than a State. To reduce poverty, we must end unequal treatment, and to end unequal treatment, Puerto Rico must discard its territory status in favor of statehood or nationhood. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ). Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I was not planning to speak, but when I heard Bishop Gonzalez’ name mentioned, I had to say something because he was my parish priest at two different parishes in the Bronx. I know of his work, and if he wants this discussed, then it is something I should rise to and support. He always cared about child poverty in the Bronx when he was my parish priest. Now, as I tell him he is a big shot in Puerto Rico, he is still doing the right thing by God’s work. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, in closing, let me thank and commend the gentleman from Florida for this very good amendment. I think it dovetails with the rest of the legislation very well as the gentleman addresses some of the indices in Puerto Rico that require attention—the challenges around poverty that the Puerto Rican people are facing. It is not often in this Chamber that we talk about poverty. The gentleman is to be commended, and I support the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chair, in closing, I urge my colleagues to support this very important amendment. Do the right thing for the very least among us—those children on the island who are facing significant challenges of poverty—so that we, as a body, might respond better to the right policies that address their very real needs. I urge the passage of this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–610. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 115, line 20, strike ‘‘The’’ and insert ‘‘Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 770, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman BISHOP for his leadership on this issue. This has not been an easy task, but he has provided great leadership, and I appreciate it. 
I also thank Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana and Mr. POLIS for their amendment at the committee level, which requires a report from the Government Accountability Office that outlines how Puerto Rico reached this point of fiscal insolvency. My amendment is very straightforward. It would simply set a deadline for the GAO to submit this report within 18 months of the enactment of this bill. Mr. GRAVES and Mr. P OLIS are cosponsors of my amendment, and they agree that setting a deadline is important. We must figure out how Puerto Rico got to this point in order to avoid another territory’s finding itself in a similar position at some point down the road. I believe having this report and receiving it in a timely manner will, hopefully, go a long way towards preventing a similar situation in the future. This amendment is about accountability, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–610. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 770, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chair, as we have heard over and over again today, this Congress has plenary authority over our territories. Over the course of the last century, this body has rightly delegated this power to provide for home rule for our territories. However, it is abundantly clear that this delegation of power has resulted in no oversight by the Federal Government over the debts that our territories are running up. In this particular case, out of the blue, we have been told by the United States Treasury that it is our constitutional responsibility to do something to save a territory from years of its own fiscal irresponsibility. For years, the entire Federal Government was, essentially, asleep at the wheel as one of our territories ran up huge, unsustainable debts until the day arose when the territory could no longer pay. Mr. Chair, I have absolutely no interest in interfering with the home rule of our territories. However, delegated authority can be abused. If we have a constitutional responsibility to intervene to prevent territorial insolvency, we certainly should exercise at least minimal oversight into the large debts that some of our territories are running up. My amendment is simple. It requires a biennial report to Congress on the debt of each territory, the drivers of each territory’s debt, the effect of Federal policy on each territory’s debt, and the ability of each territory to repay its debt. This will help us provide that minimal oversight. Unfortunately, Mr. Chair, the very agency that is coming to Congress and asking us to help Puerto Rico—the United States Treasury—has refused to provide this report to Congress, claiming it lacks resources. Let’s be clear. The Department of the Treasury was appropriated $11.9 billion for this fiscal year, and they claim a lack of resources to put together a simple report on five tiny territories. That is astonishing. It is also irresponsible. In response to the Department of the Treasury, I offered a compromise. I would take one Treasury report on territorial debt if the Treasury would simply agree to monitor and advise us of what is going on with these territorial governments and what we should do to prevent insolvency. According to the Treasury, this was even worse. It would represent an unprecedented expansion into the finances and solvency of a U.S. subsovereign. Apparently, this administration doesn’t like the Territories Clause of the Constitution unless it is being used at the very last minute to save Puerto Rico. I don’t blame Puerto Rico for this. I blame the United States Treasury for this. If the United States Treasury is unwilling to do its job, I have changed the text of my amendment to require the GAO to put together this biennial report, and I look forward to seeing its results. Last night, Mr. Chair, in the Rules Committee meeting, we heard testimony from the representatives of two other territories, who told us that they are concerned that their territories are sliding in the same direction as Puerto Rico’s while the Treasury Department sleeps. Since the Treasury Department won’t take responsibility and do its job, we are going to do our job through the GAO. I hope my colleagues will join me in doing something to fix this problem before another crisis is upon us. Perhaps, then, we can even get the Treasury and the rest of the Federal Government to wake up. If they don’t, I will have a lot less sympathy the next time they come asking for our help. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, this amendment requires the GAO to submit reports every 2 years to the Congress about the public debt and about the ability to pay that debt of all U.S. territories. While the debt crisis in Puerto Rico is, indeed, serious and real, there is no indication that any other territory faces a similar crisis. The base bill already includes reporting requirements. Requiring more reporting to cover the territories is unwarranted as well as being a waste of the GAO’s limited time to provide more important reports to Congress. A number of States and localities on the mainland face much more precarious budget situations than do the other territories. We don’t need any more focus on U.S. territories when there is no reason to believe such onerous reporting is really required or justified. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ). Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, there is an old line from the play ‘‘1776,’’ when Stephen Hopkins says: Mr. Chair, I have never seen, heard, or smelled an issue so dangerous it couldn’t be talked about. Hell, yes. I am for debating anything. This is one of those situations in which you have never seen, heard, or smelled anything that shouldn’t be studied. The information could be vital, and it could be helpful. For that, I endorse and support this amendment. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chair, I listened to the gentleman’s comments, and I have to tell you, if there is enough in this bill for the reporting, why did the Treasury not say that to us? They didn’t say that to us because they know there needs to be a report done. They just don’t want to take the responsibility for doing it. I think this amendment is definitely necessary for us to make sure we are doing our job in exercising our constitutional responsibility. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chair, I didn’t know anything about this, and the vast majority of the Members didn’t know anything about this problem before it was thrust upon us over the last several weeks. The irresponsibility of the Treasury Department in not giving this information to us months ago when they knew it was happening or when they should have known it was happening underscores the need for this. I am putting it on the GAO in this particular amendment, but in the years to come, we need to expect the Treasury to do its job, because it has failed to do so in this circumstance. I ask the House to adopt my amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, a recent report from the U.S. Public Interest Research Group Education Fund rated all 50 States on whether they made transparent budget and spending information available to the public. My own State of Arizona received a grade of a B, so we have some work to do there. The State of Alabama, however, received the grade of a D, placing it fourth from the bottom of all States. From that, it seems clear, if our goal is budget and spending transparency, perhaps our focus should be on our States on the mainland and not on the territories, because that seems to be where there is a verifiable problem. This amendment is unwarranted, and it does not need to be included in the legislation. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . DUFFY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–610. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 770, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chair, the Puerto Rico unemployment rate is double the national average. Nearly one in every two residents lives below the poverty line. Economic growth is in the negative. We have heard about that all day today. Now, PROMESA will stop the bleeding, but there isn’t an easy solution to jumpstart the economy. We have a down payment in a commission, but this is, I think, a real step in the direction of trying to kickstart economic growth. My amendment, with my colleague from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ), will provide modest assistance to Puerto Rico by removing an impediment to the Small Business Administration’s HUBZone program that limits the number of businesses on the island that are eligible for the program. This idea was brought to me by my friend Jaime Perello, the speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico, and it is a good one. What does it do? The HUBZone program is a small business, Federal contracting assistance program, whose primary objective is job creation and increasing capital investment in distressed communities. b1730 Now, there is a 20 percent cap. So that 20 percent cap for this program might not affect Minneapolis or Chicago or Milwaukee because you don’t even have 20 percent of the communities that are distressed. However, in Puerto Rico you have far more than 20 percent of the communities that are distressed. You have 80 percent of them that are distressed. So by removing this cap, you have a larger part of the community that qualifies to access this program. This is, I think, a very good solution and downpayment on economic growth and investment in Puerto Rico. Not only that, but there have been some noted problems with the program. GAO has made some recommendations. We have solidified those recommendations in this bill not just for Puerto Rico, but for the Nation as a whole to make sure there are better checks and balances in the HUBZone program. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I rise reluctantly in opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ). The House Small Business Committee that I happen to chair has jurisdiction over the SBA’s HUBZone program. Our committee has not yet had the opportunity to have oversight hearings on the program during this session, and I don’t believe it would be prudent to adopt this amendment until the committee has had the opportunity to perform its due diligence. In discussions with interested parties during the development of this legislation, I suggested language that would require the GAO to issue a report on Small Business Administration programs in Puerto Rico, including contract activities relating to HUBZone small businesses concerns. That language is contained in the underlying text. That report, coupled with committee oversight work, I believe, will ensure that what Congress ultimately does will, in fact, help Puerto Rico’s small businesses. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ). Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Chairman, I want to begin by thanking Congressman DUFFY for his outstanding work on this bill and on this particular 
amendment. I also want to thank Congressman DONYOUNG , a steadfast champion for fair treatment for Puerto Rico who is also a cosponsor of this amendment. The primary purpose of this amendment is to increase small business activity and promote job creation in Puerto Rico. The HUBZone program supports economically distressed communities throughout the Nation. If the poverty rate or median income in a census tract meets a certain threshold, it is designated as a qualified census tract. Small businesses located in a qualified census tract can compete for Federal contracts with preference, assuming they meet all other criteria established by law. However, there is a statutory cap which prevents the combined population of the qualified census tracts within a metropolitan statistical area from exceeding 20 percent of the total population of that area. Although the cap applies nationwide, it has a uniquely negative impact in Puerto Rico. Small firms located in over 60 municipalities in Puerto Rico cannot take advantage of the HUBZone program solely because of the cap. No other U.S. State or territory comes anywhere close to being as adversely affected by the cap as Puerto Rico. To promote economic development in Puerto Rico, which is absolutely essential if the territory is going to prosper, our amendment would remove the cap for Puerto Rico for 10 years or until the independent oversight board established by the legislation terminates, whichever occurs first. Based on the best available statistics, this amendment ensures that small firms located in over 80 percent of the census tracts in Puerto Rico may be eligible to compete with preference for Federal contracts, which should create additional employment opportunities on the island. The amendment will only extend the HUBZone programs to those census tracts in Puerto Rico that would have qualified for the program in the absence of the cap. So it does not constitute an unwarranted expansion of the HUBZone program. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chair, who has the right to close? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Ohio has the right to close. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the comments by Chairman CHABOT , and I would just note that I know his committee hasn’t had oversight hearings on this issue. The GAO has done extensive studies, and the Small Business Administration has not implemented those recommendations. I think the most salient recommendations made by the GAO have been included in this bill and go a long way to improving the program, but if we are going to fix Puerto Rico, debt restructuring is imperative. This oversight board is key, but we need economic growth. And I think this is the right downpayment to help kickstart some economic growth on the island, that the people in Puerto Rico know that we understand that. And we are taking one small step today to show that we are going to help them get from that 20 percent cap to allow 80 percent of the island to access this HUBZone program because we care about growth, we care about opportunity, and we care about jobs on the island. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . SERRANO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–610. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title IV, insert the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 770, the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment offered by Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ  and myself would help clarify that this legislation would not impact the work being done by the Puerto Rico Commission for the Comprehensive Audit of the Public Credit. This entity, set up by Puerto Rico’s Government, is in the process of examining the massive debt that has been accrued by the territory. In a preliminary report, the commission recently found that a small portion of the debt may have been illegally issued by the government of Puerto Rico, and they need to further examine the issue and its implications. This amendment simply preserves the ability of this commission to continue their work and for either the government or the oversight board to review and consider any findings that the commission might have. The work being done by the commission could significantly assist both the oversight board and the Puerto Rican Government as the island tries to get back on its feet. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to this particular amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I want to make it very clear that this particular amendment does not override the authority of the oversight board. But because of that, I do support the amendment, and I urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), my sister from Yabucoa, Puerto Rico. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chair, I represent New York’s Seventh Congressional District. I rise in strong support of the SerranoVela´zquez amendment. Throughout the course of this entire saga, it has become increasingly clear that Puerto Rico’s debt is not fully understood. The island has issued 18 different classes of debt—from general obligation to COFINA, to GDB, to utility bonds. Various local and State laws are involved, and the result is a web of confusion. To address this, the Puerto Rico Commission for the Comprehensive Audit of the Public Credit was created to examine all of the island’s debt, something that is very much needed. The audit will not only inform the people of Puerto Rico, but also, in many ways, will assist the oversight board in carrying out its mission. Analyzing and assessing all of the island’s $70 billion in debt is long overdue. Recently, the commission released a preliminary report finding that a small, yet significant, amount of the debt may have violated the island’s constitution. Such a finding is meaningful and could have ramifications for this legislation’s implementation. Our amendment ensures that the underlying bill will not prevent the commission from finishing its important work while also allowing the local government and the oversight board to consider these findings if they so chose. In summary, this amendment would allow for muchneeded sunlight to be shown on the island’s financial situation. I urge Members to support this amendment. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I urge everyone to vote for the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–610. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. 
Strike section 403 (and redesignate succeeding sections and conform the table of contents accordingly). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 770, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, the bill, as it is currently written, allows the minimum wage for workers 25 years and under to be lowered to abysmal $4.25 for 4 years for as long as the oversight board is in place. It also fails to specify whether this reduction is limited to one 4year period or if the request can be made over and over again, essentially keeping the lower wage indefinitely. My amendment would strip this provision from the bill. In today’s dollars, American workers haven’t had a minimum wage this low since the 1940s. The young men and women of Puerto Rico are American citizens, and they don’t deserve to be treated like second class workers. These aren’t high school students with summer jobs. They are young people setting off on their careers, many of them struggling to pay off student loan debt and become selfsufficient. Lowering the wage only adds insult to injury and sends the wrong statement about whether we value Puerto Ricans as equal Americans. The island is already experiencing a mass exodus of young people. Lowering wages will only make more young people want to leave, having a detrimental impact on Puerto Rico’s current and future workforce, its tax base, and its ability to pay off its debt, ultimately digging them into a deeper hole. If we want to help Puerto Rico overcome this current crisis, we need to make sure the island is a place where young people can see a future for themselves, start a family, and work to grow a business, not a place that devalues their work and their contributions. The minimum wage provision in this bill is bad for these young workers and is bad for Puerto Rico. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chair, I respectfully rise in opposition to the amendment by my colleague from California because this is exactly the kind of thinking that led Puerto Rico into the fiscal situation in which they now find themselves. As we all know, one thing that would help address Puerto Rico’s fiscal crisis is a stronger, more vibrant local economy. That is why this legislation includes a number of provisions aimed at helping local businesses expand and hire new workers. This amendment would strike an entire provision from the bill, a provision that is progrowth and aimed at revitalizing local businesses and the Puerto Rican economy as a whole. Section 403 is a provision that will make it easier for young workers to find jobs and start their careers. The legislation gives the Governor of Puerto Rico the authority, subject to the approval of the oversight board, to adjust the minimum wage for new workers under the age of 25. Current law already allows employers to offer what is known as a youth opportunity wage for up to 90 days. This legislation simply extends the time period in Puerto Rico to 4 years, an idea that was first recommended in 2012 by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, which noted then that younger workers were ‘‘in danger of becoming disconnected from the labor market.’’ This recommended change will support economic growth and provide more job opportunities for the local workforce, particularly younger workers and workers with fewer skills. These are commonsense policies that will help address Puerto Rico’s fiscal crisis by supporting a stronger, more prosperous local economy. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment and support the underlying legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). b1745 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, we are talking about a minimum wage of $4.25 an hour. That is less than $700 per month. Tell me how anybody can survive anywhere on the island of Puerto Rico on less than $700 a month. It simply isn’t possible. The cost of living in San Juan is no lower than it is in Orlando, or much of the mainland for that matter. I don’t know where you can even find a onebedroom apartment for $700 a month that would be worth living in. I don’t know how you can pay for lunch and dinner and breakfast for $700 a month. I don’t know how you can find health coverage for $700 a month. I don’t know how you can find transportation to get to that job for $700 a month. I just don’t get it. Any one of these things would be enough to break the budget and put you into bankruptcy if you are only making $700 a month, and that is before you even have to pay taxes. What we are doing is we are taking a Spanishspeaking population, 3.5 million of them, and we are condemning them to low wages to the point where 45yearold men will lose their jobs to 20yearold sons because the 20yearold sons are forced to work for only $4.25. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. GRAYSON. This is the lesson that we are teaching those young men and women who we are supposedly trying to help. The lesson is this: hop on an airplane from San Juan to my district in Orlando for $168, and you can get a 70 percent increase in your wages because that is what the difference is already under current law between what you are talking about, a $4.25 hourly wage and $7.25 that you can earn legally—it is actually more than that under State law—in Orlando. That is not teaching people how to work. It is teaching people to disrespect work. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 11⁄2minutes remaining. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, someone living in Puerto Rico needs to make $9.25 an hour to afford a onebedroom apartment. If the wage is lowered to $4.25, not even two earners could afford to live there. Mr. Chairman, there is no question that Puerto Rico will need to make sacrifices, but it can’t do so on the backs of its young workforce, American citizens. This provision does not fix Puerto Rico’s problems, and in the long run, it makes them worse. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment so that Puerto Rico’s recovery doesn’t come at the expense of young, hardworking Americans. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 196, noes 225, not voting 13, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—13 
Barletta Clay Farr Fincher Franks (AZ) Hardy Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lieu, Ted Luetkemeyer Payne Sires Takai 
b1811 Messrs. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, NUGENT, and Ms. GRANGER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. NOLAN changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of the substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DOLD) having assumed the chair, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5278) to establish an Oversight Board to assist the Government of Puerto Rico, including instrumentalities, in managing its public finances, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 770, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on adoption of the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on passage will be followed by a 5minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 297, noes 127, not voting 11, as follows: [Roll No. 288] AYES—297 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hahn Hanna Harper Harris Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano 
Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Becerra Bilirakis Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cook Crawford Davidson Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fattah Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Fudge Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Guinta Gutie´rrez Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Knight Lamborn Lance LoBiondo Long Lynch Marino Massie McClintock McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Norcross Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Rouzer Rush Ryan (OH) Sanford Schakowsky Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Speier Tiberi Torres Vargas Vela Walberg Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Westmoreland Wittman Yoder Yoho Zeldin 
Barletta Farr Fincher Hardy Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lieu, Ted Luetkemeyer Payne Sires Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 283—I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall No. 284—I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall No. 285—I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall No. 286—I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall No. 287—I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall No. 288—I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN ENGROSSMENT OF H.R. 5278, PUERTO RICO OVERSIGHT, MANAGEMENT, AND ECONOMIC STABILITY ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that in the engrossment of H.R. 5278, the Clerk be authorized to correct section numbers, punctuation, and crossreferences and to make such other technical and conforming changes as may be necessary to accurately reflect the actions of the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS IN THE ENROLLMENT OF S. 2328 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 135 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill S. 2328, the Secretary of the Senate shall make the following correction: Amend the long title so as to read ‘‘An Act to establish an Oversight Board to assist the Government of Puerto Rico, including instrumentalities, in managing its public finances, and for other purposes.’’. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ADMINISTRA TIVE OFFICER , H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 8, 2016. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a grand jury subpoena for documents, issued by the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida. After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, WILLPLASTER , Chief Administrative Officer. f 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5325, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 771 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5325. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1828 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The overarching goal of the bill we are considering here today is to ensure that we continue to preserve the beauty, enhance the security, and improve the institutions of the United States Capitol complex. I am glad to report that we have accomplished our mission, and we have done it in a way that respects taxpayers. By making tough choices, this bill demonstrates the great work that Congress can do even during a time of lean budgets. The American people will be proud to know that this bill continues to use a zerobased budgeting approach. That means each legislative branch agency was required to justify its budget from scratch. This practice curbs wasteful 
spending and safeguards taxpayer dollars. Another part of our effort to respect taxpayers was the orderly shutdown of the Open World Leadership Center, which is outdated, and a multimillion dollarayear program that no longer will exist. Additionally, we continue the freeze on Members’ pay. Now, this was a simple decision for me. If our constituents aren’t getting a raise in this economy, then we shouldn’t either. Now, it is also worth noting that the Capitol Dome Restoration project is on time and it is under budget. In fact, my office has had a little fun with this, posting pictures each day on social media of the progress of the scaffolding coming off the dome, using the hashtag ‘‘Free the Dome.’’ We also have a familythemed bill this year. We have worked with Members on both sides of the aisle to make certain that babychanging stations are available throughout all the House office buildings and in the Capitol. Visiting the Capitol with a new baby can be difficult enough. Young mothers and fathers traveling with their children in tow should have the appropriate facilities available to them, and now they will. b1830 Additionally, with so many mothers tobe working for the House of Representatives through their pregnancies, the committee wants to ensure that these working moms have access to convenient parking. Of course, we have also carried on the new tradition of sledding on Capitol Hill. Again this winter, children and adults alike living in the area can sled on the west front of the Capitol—something that, unfortunately, was banned before we changed it last year. Simply put, this bill makes the Capitol more inviting and accessible to young families. I would, of course, like to thank the ranking member for her role throughout the process of writing this bill and all the members of our committee for their hard work and their valuable contributions. In seeing this bill through the committee process, a good bill was made even better. Together, we have received and worked through more than 200 submissions from Republicans and Democrats, appropriators and nonappropriators, many of which we have included in this legislation. We continued conversations with Members of both the majority and the minority up to and through full committee markup, and saw an amendment process that incorporated proposals from both sides of the aisle, including additional resources to better serve our constituents, increased savings dedicated to the Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund, and support for efforts to enhance the security of the Capitol campus. I would also like to thank all of the staff on both sides of the aisle who have worked on the bill this year. In particular, I am appreciative of the hard work Liz Dawson, Tim Monahan and Shalanda Young, and, of course, Jenny Panone who really stepped up to the plate after we lost our good friend, Chuck Turner. As a longtime professional staff member of this subcommittee, Chuck has been missed this appropriations season. The appropriations family just isn’t the same without him, and I want to express my continued sympathies to his family, his friends, and those he worked so closely with all these years. I would also like to thank Jason Murphy and John Donnelly in my personal office, as well Sarah Arkin and Rosalyn Kumar from Ranking Member WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ’s office. Finally, I would like to note the important contributions that Congressman SAMFARRand Congressman S COTT RIGELL both have made to our subcommittee. Their hard work and dedication has been extremely valuable, and they will be dearly missed by our subcommittee and by this body. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Insert offset folio 953 here EH080616.001emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSELEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS SILL, 2017 (H.R. 532o) 
Office of the Majority Whip., ... , ... , .. 
Office of the Law Rev1sion Counsel of the House. 
Office of the Legislat'ive Counsel of the House .... 
Offici a:l rna! l for commit toes, leadership offices, 
an.rJ admi ni strati ve off 'Ices of the Uause.. 
u g  ~ g ~  •  ~ g "+3.,150 
~ ~ " ~ "~ ~. u ~ • u" +2. 955 269 
Insert offset folio 953/1 here EH080616.002emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSELEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPR!AT!ONS BILl, 2017 (H R. 5325} 
Dffi ce of Congressl ona I Accessi bi 1 i ty Services 
   • ~ ~ • u n n ~ ~ 
Insert offset folio 953/2 here EH080616.003emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSELEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS Blll, 2017 (H,R, 5325) 
2! FY2016 ·Is S&c. 9 of Consolidatnd Appropriations Act, 
Insert offset folio 953/3 here EH080616.004emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSELEGISLATIVE BRANCfl APPROPRIATIONS BlLL, 2017 (H.R. 5325) 
1 I FY2016 funds provided in Cont 1 nut ng Appropti at ions 
2f FY2D16 ls S'l':lc. 9 qf Consolidated Appropriations Act. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill is a total of $3.481 billion—$72 million above the fiscal year 2016 enacted bill. I thank our full committee chairman, Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, for understanding the challenges posed by years of cuts and providing an allocation to begin rebuilding the capacity of Congress to do the people’s work. Chairman GRAVES funded critical investments with the additional allocation. He knows that if we were only discussing funding today, I would be with him in protecting the good work of the subcommittee. Specifically, I am pleased with the critical investments in the Copyright Modernization Project and the Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund. The bill provides the Copyright Modernization Project with a 17 percent increase. This critical funding will enable the Copyright Office to hire the necessary staff to begin to make technological advancements to improve the way they do business. It is unacceptable in the year 2016 that copyright users have to make certain requests via paper in the 21st century. That is inefficient and a drag on commerce that is dependent on the copyright system. There is also report language included that makes it clear that the Library of Congress shall continue to defer to the Register of Copyrights on all copyrightrelated issues. While the Copyright Office is within the Library of Congress, it has unique functions that make it necessary to have a strong leader that can answer to Congress and the copyright community when issues arise. The Register of Copyrights should have the freedom to make decisions and be responsive to the copyright community. I am also happy to see increased funding for the Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund. This is the same fund that we used to save for the downpayment on the Cannon Building Restoration. This bill provides $17 million for the fund, which is $7 million above fiscal year 2016 funding. I thank the chairman for working with me to sustain this important program. We started the trust fund after the construction of the Capitol Visitor Center. That project was over budget by fourfold, and its management was, frankly, an embarrassment. It was an example of ballooning government projects that pull resources away from other worthy initiatives. The trust fund was created to avoid the pitfalls of the CVC project by creating a reserve of funds that can be used for future largescale projects. We must put on our forwardthinking caps and look 10 to 20 years down the road so that we save appropriately for large scale projects. This longterm thinking will ensure that our smallest appropriations bill—the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill—does not have to absorb such large projects to the detriment of other worthy programs. While there are many positives in this bill, Mr. Chairman, there are also issues that must be addressed as we move through the process. One particularly troublesome issue is that the report accompanying this bill includes language seeking to influence the Library of Congress’ process to change its subject headings related to immigration. The Library of Congress decided in March of this year to begin using the terms ‘‘noncitizens’’ and ‘‘unauthorized immigration’’ for cataloging purposes. They did so after being petitioned by Dartmouth College in 2014—a petition they turned down initially—and then again by the American Library Association earlier this year. In January of this year, the American Library Association adopted a resolution calling on the Library of Congress to change the heading ‘‘illegal aliens’’ to ‘‘undocumented immigrants.’’ Now, these are search terms. The Library of Congress uses subject headings to help researchers be able to find topics based on what they are appropriately to be called. The Library did not adopt the term ‘‘undocumented immigrants’’ but chose to begin to use the two phrases ‘‘noncitizens’’ and ‘‘unauthorized immigration.’’ These new subject headings are still in the process of being considered, as the public will have 60 days to comment on them. The fact that this project is ongoing makes the inclusion of report language even more problematic. How can the Library of Congress be expected to go through a fair and open comment period with this language included in the report accompanying the appropriations bill? My side of the aisle could have certainly pushed to have the Library of Congress reconsider its decision after the Dartmouth petition was turned down in 2014 because many Democrats and Republicans believe that the term ‘‘illegal alien’’ labels a group of people based on a misconception that an immigrant’s presence in our Nation is a criminal violation, but we allowed the process to work because the Library of Congress is in the business of language and nomenclature and should be free to make these decisions without political interference. Congress should not be setting ourselves up as the word police. Let’s be clear: this puts the Library of Congress front and center on one of our Nation’s most contentious and emotional political issues. Over the years, as ranking member, this is certainly not the first time I find myself in disagreement with the chairman on a particular issue. However, I have been able to work closely with the chairman of this subcommittee to move the bill and the process forward. And though I have been committed as always to resolving our policy differences, the politicization of the Library of Congress in order to perpetuate a misconception about immigrants in our country is simply an issue on which my principles will not allow me to bend an inch. This language is not necessary, it is not appropriate, and it jeopardizes the work of our Nation’s oldest Federal cultural institution and the research arm of this body. The Library of Congress makes thousands of changes to its subject headings every year. At one time, ‘‘Negro’’ was a subject heading, but when it became pejorative, they changed it to ‘‘Afro American,’’ and eventually the term used today, ‘‘African American.’’ The chairman and other Republican members emphasize that they are the Library of Congress—emphasis on Congress—and we should dictate to them what terms they use in their subject headings. Well, I ran for Congress, not word police. We should leave search terms for researchers to the experts and not politicize this bill that simply funds the legislative branch. I am also concerned that under this bill, the Capitol Police budget increases by $325.3 million. This would increase funding for the Capitol Police by 5 percent, above the 8 percent increase they received in the current fiscal year. We value and respect the officers on staff, but I think many Members will join me in raising a skeptical eye when they realize this bill would add 72 new officers and bring the total number of officers to close to 1,900. Just as mayors and city councils across the country have to balance law enforcement with other city services like repairing aging infrastructure, so must Congress. In the near future, the congressional leadership and committees of jurisdiction will need to have a serious discussion about the appropriate size of the Capitol Police. The officers I speak to don’t complain about not having enough officers, but, rather, about decisions on how the officers they do have are deployed by police leadership. It is fiscally irresponsible to grow the police at this rate. Also, as Member and committee budgets have been cut, Congress has had to rely on support agencies to fill the gaps in staff expertise. One of those agencies, Mr. Chairman, is the Congressional Research Service, or CRS. CRS was funded in the bill at $107.9 million, $1 million above the fiscal year 2016 enacted level. At the level included in the bill, CRS remains $4.6 million below the fiscal year 2010 levels. According to CRS, recent funding levels have led to a loss of 13 percent of its purchasing power since 2010. The $1 million increase provided by this bill will not cover mandatory pay for CRS’ current staff. CRS’ budget request sought to rebuild the agency. They asked for two defense policy staff, 
five health policy staff, three education policy staff, two budget and appropriation staff, four technology policy staff, and two data management and analysis staff. None of those staffs will be funded under the bill before us, therefore, denying Congress of an unbiased analysis of these critical policy areas. Before concluding, Mr. Chairman, I also want to join the chairman in acknowledging the loss of our beloved Chuck Turner. I had the privilege of working with Chuck when I was the chairman of this committee, and he has served both sides of the aisle with integrity, commitment, and love of this institution. His loss was tremendous for the entire appropriations family, and he will be greatly missed on both sides of the aisle. I also want to issue a big thanks to Liz Dawson, the majority clerk and her staff, Jenny Panone and Tim Monahan. Many thanks as well to Jason Murphy with Chairman GRAVES ’ personal office. Thank you to my team, Shalanda Young on the committee’s minority staff who has worked tirelessly on those issues. Last, but certainly not least, thank you to my personal staff, Rosalyn Kumar and Sarah Arkin. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), the chairman of the full Committee on Appropriations. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to support the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill that is before us. This is the third of the 12 bills to make it to the floor. We have passed eight of the bills through the full committee, and 10 of them through the subcommittees. But this bill provides the important funding that Congress needs to do our work on behalf of the American people. From maintaining the hallowed halls of this very building, to providing services for our constituents, to funding the agencies that keep us informed and in check, the $3.48 billion in this bill supports the largest and freest democracy the world has ever known. In total, our funding is increased slightly—$73 million above current levels. That increase is directed to essential health and safety improvements to aging or damaged facilities as well as to the Capitol Police to protect Members, staff, and our visitors. At the same time, this bill keeps the belt tight, continuing our trajectory of trimming funding for the House of Representatives by 13.2 percent since 2011 and extending the pay freeze for Members of Congress. The funds provided for House operations will allow Members of Congress to continue serving the American people to the fullest extent and representing their voices in Washington, D.C. For the thousands and thousands of people who enter this Capitol complex each day—be it visitors, staff, or Members themselves—safety is of the utmost importance. As we have seen recently, the brave men and women of the Capitol Police force must remain vigilant and well equipped to secure the Capitol complex. The bill funds the Capitol Police at $391.3 million—that is $16.3 million above current levels—to enhance security and maintain public access to this complex. To ensure the safety of the buildings in the Capitol complex, which, as we know, has historic but aging facilities, the legislation provides $551 million for the Architect of the Capitol. That includes ongoing rehab projects as well as deferred maintenance. In addition, the bill provides funding for the congressional support agencies that we rely on each day to do our jobs. That includes $533 million for the Government Accountability Office, which provides Congress with accurate reporting on how tax dollars are spent, and $629 million for the Library of Congress. b1845 Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill that targets funds to critical operations while keeping a close eye on every tax dollar spent. I want to thank Chairman GRAVES  for his hard work to ensure that every dollar in this bill helps make the people’s House run efficiently and productively. I also want to thank Ranking Member WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and all of the subcommittee members and staff for their efforts that brought this bill to the floor. Finally, I do want to specify a thanks to our staff for their knowledge and expertise and passion for this place throughout this process. As we continue our important work on the 2017 appropriations bills, I am proud to support good bills like this one, bills that fulfill their mission in a responsible, targeted way. I urge all Members to support this bill as well. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to acknowledge the presence of Chairman GRAVES ’ lovely daughter, because it is always nice as a parent to have your children with you while you are doing your work. So welcome to the House of Representatives. I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), our ranking member of the full Appropriations Committee. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . And I thank Chairman GRAVES and Chairman ROGERS . It is a pleasure for me to work here with all of them. However, in the fiscal year 2017 Legislative Branch Appropriations bill, the House majority has put its political interests first with a process that limits amendments based on a fear of another embarrassing failure, like the Energy and Water Appropriations bill, which the House rejected 2 weeks ago. The legislative branch bill contains a number of important services that allow the public to safely visit the U.S. Capitol and for Members to respond to the needs of their constituents. The bill would provide modest increases for the first time in years, including more funding for the Library of Congress, Capitol Police, Architect of the Capitol, and the Members’ Representational Allowance. These increases are badly needed. The legislative branch bill has remained essentially flat for several years, despite the steadily growing needs of this institution, including staff shortages, enhanced security, repairs to aging buildings and infrastructure, and preservation at the Library of Congress, among others. Unfortunately, rather than focus on these institutions’ value to the public, House Republicans went out of their way to include provisions that ignore these issues, and instead push a partisan agenda that wastes taxpayer dollars. First of all, House Republicans inserted language meant to appease the most extreme members of their conference by directing the Library of Congress to use the term ‘‘illegal alien’’ in its subject headings for searches rather than the Library’s preferred ‘‘noncitizens’’ or ‘‘unauthorized immigration.’’ This unnecessary interference into the routine work of the Library of Congress politicizes a change meant to help provide the most upto date, thorough information. The inclusion of such language is sadly nothing new for the subcommittee. In the past few years, the majority has spent close to $7 million on a partisan, political Benghazi investigation; $2.3 million defending the Defense of Marriage Act; and is now engaging in shameful, unprecedented attacks on biomedical researchers and women’s health. Frankly, I am outraged at how the majority on the Select Investigative Panel is conducting its business. The majority’s witch hunt of researchers, including scientists, physicians, and even graduate students, will have real consequences that harm medical advances, and are nothing more than a political charade and waste of taxpayer money. Their request for information and subpoenas without any assertion of wrongdoing are an abuse of authority, a violation of House oversight practices, and a page out of the McCarthy era bullying tactics that are a stain on our legislative process. The panel should be disbanded immediately. It is unacceptable that we cannot move appropriation bills forward in a bipartisan manner because Republicans would rather play partisan politics with taxpayer dollars than deal with the pressing challenges facing this institution and this country. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Before I recognize my friend from Illinois, I have the deepest respect for 
the ranking member of the full committee, Mrs. LOWEY . I know that she represents what she believes very well and eloquently. But I must point out for clarification, for the RECORD , really what the report language says. I think that is important. I think words are important. I listened very intently to what was shared a minute ago that this committee is directing the Library of Congress to use certain words. She even used certain terms that she said we are prescribing them to use, such as ‘‘illegal alien’’ or ‘‘illegal immigrant.’’ In fact, this is what the committee passed in subcommittee and full committee. It says: ‘‘To the extent practicable, the committee instructs the Library to maintain certain subject headings that reflect terminology used in title 8, United States Code.’’ Now, I read it several times and I saw it in committee, but nowhere in there do I see any specific terms used. It just says can you be consistent with U.S. Code. I will point out that we are Congress, and they are the Library of Congress. We write laws, and it is important that the Library of Congress reference and refer to the laws that we have written. I will also note that the gentlewoman is also a Member of Congress and has the full ability—and since the subcommittee meeting when we had this first discussion, I have yet to see the bill she has introduced to change any terminology in the U.S. Code. I have not seen it. I don’t know, Mr. Chairman, if you have seen it. I have not seen it, and I look forward to seeing it. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. I thank the gentleman. Will the gentleman point out to the House of Representatives what is referenced in the U.S. Code to which the report refers? Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Title 8 of the U.S. Code has a lot of terminology in there. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. What is the term that is referenced in that section? Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. There is not one single term that is used in that Code. In fact, there are multiple terms. I would ask, and maybe encourage, the gentlewoman to read that. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. I have, and it refers specifically to the term ‘‘illegal alien.’’ That is how it is referenced in the United States Code. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. In addition to other terms. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Chairman, I just want to make sure that the committee understands that the report language just directs the Library of Congress to be consistent with the laws of this land when they have subject headings. That is not too much to ask. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEYDAVIS), my good friend. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I really would like to thank Chairman GRAVES for his leadership on this issue. I think the debate this evening shows us what part of the problem is when we try and follow our Forefathers’ constitutional appropriations process to spend money wisely that the taxpayers send to Washington, D.C., to spend it wisely on their behalf. It is tertiary issues that bog down the debate, instead of talking about doing what is right for the upwards of 5 million families that tour our Capitol Grounds each and every year. It becomes a political debate, rather than a debate on how to effectively use taxpayer dollars to ensure that one of the most popular destinations for families, hardworking families, to spend their money to vacation right here in the Capitol, to make sure we spend that wisely so that they have better facilities. That is exactly what this bill does, Mr. Chairman. I want to, again, thank all of those who served on this subcommittee from both sides of the aisle, because we have to get back to the vision that our Forefathers have put forth on how we should spend money in this House, and how we regain the power of the purse. As I said, upwards of 5 million families from across the Nation come see their government at work each year. I am pleased this bill contains report language that will make it easier for families with infants and small children to visit the Capitol, House and Senate office buildings by implementing additional changing stations and other familyfriendly improvements throughout this Capitol Hill complex. Mr. Chairman, I say this as the father of twin boys. Trust me, changing stations when they were younger were very, very important. We should make it as easy as possible for families with young children to visit and explore Capitol Hill and our complexes. Minor improvements and changes along these lines can make a huge difference in improving the experience for visitors. I look forward to working with the Architect of the Capitol in my capacity as a member of the Committee on House Administration to complete these important changes. I will continue to look for ways to work in a bipartisan manner to make our Capitol familyfriendly. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of this bill. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I will point out that title 8 of the U.S. Code specifically references the term ‘‘illegal aliens.’’ The purpose of referencing it that way in this legislation is specifically so that the majority can require the Library of Congress to continue to use the term ‘‘illegal alien’’ in their subject heading. We are being a little too cute by half here, and we are simply not going to let the majority get away with it. I will also point out that Congressman JOAQUIN CASTRO is the sponsor of legislation that would do exactly what the chairman just suggested. He has legislation that would change the term ‘‘illegal alien’’ in title 8 of the U.S. Code. Instead of dealing with a political issue in the midst of an unrelated appropriations bill, we should allow the legislative process to work under regular order and have that bill move through the process. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to follow up on that just for a moment. I am glad to hear there is legislation to address their concerns. I think that is the appropriate way. What better way to make that legislation more applicable than to identify here in this report language that whatever is referenced in title 8 could be used. I think that is the right way to go forward. But to suggest that asking the Library of Congress to use terms that are consistent with the laws of this land that this body has voted on, that the Senate has voted on, and that the President of the United States has signed into law is, in some way, pejorative; words that have been used by the Supreme Court just in recent weeks are pejorative, inflammatory, and dehumanizing, I would suggest to the minority that even some of the most liberal justices have used the term ‘‘illegal alien’’ or ‘‘illegal immigrant’’ just in the last couple of weeks and they are not racist, they are not using negative terms, they are not dehumanizing any individual, they are using U.S. law terminology. I can understand the disagreement with the terms, I can respect that, but that is the law. I have yet to see or hear what their proper terminology would be for somebody who does not abide by the laws of the land and what that would be. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I will point out that it is not a criminal act to be in the United States as an immigrant. The suggestion in the 21st century that the term ‘‘illegal alien’’ is an appropriate one is similar to suggesting that we continue to use the term ‘‘Negro.’’ We evolve in this country, and it is understandable that someone who was not a member of a group of immigrants wouldn’t understand that that term could feel pejorative. So we, as a responsible body, should evolve as society evolves. To continue to insist that the Library of Congress by law use a pejorative term that they have been petitioned to change by the American Library Association so that researchers can search for the appropriate term 
So how—where do they get the records that show that this person is an illegal alien that is not authorized to be here? 
Was she being racist? pejorative? demeaning? dehumanizing? I don’t think so. I don’t agree with all of her decisions, but I don’t believe that that was her intent when she broached that question there. I will point out this provision— maybe I should read it again. I will read it again for the ranking member. 
To the extent practicable, the committee instructs the Library to maintain certain subject headings that reflect terminology used in title VIII of the United States Code. 
That is all it says. It is right here. There is nothing so demeaning about that. This provision, in fact, was created in consultation, Mr. Chair, with the Library of Congress. Imagine that. In working with the Library of Congress, we were able to come up with that language. Existing subject headings, including the term ‘‘illegal alien,’’ have been used for years and have been enshrined in law for 100 years. This is nothing new. Supreme Court Justices, as I have pointed out, have used it time and time and time again. Now, if the Library of Congress adopted the practice of responding to every instance in which there is a perceived offensive phrase, it would impact their ability to prioritize the quality of service they provide to patrons every day. We are, actually, helping the Library here. We are not telling them what words to use. We are just saying, hey, be consistent with U.S. law. That keeps it pretty simple, I believe. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Before we passed the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act in the 1960s and when we had the Jim Crow laws, which were an unfortunate stain on our history, there were plenty of people who said that the laws that were in place were doing a favor to Negroes, which is the way they were referred to at the time. For the chairman to suggest that we are doing the Library of Congress a favor by requiring them to continue to use a term that they have been petitioned to stop using, ‘‘illegal alien,’’ is insensitive, inappropriate, outdated, and political. This is the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill. We are supposed to be discussing how to fund the functions of the legislative branch, and we have just spent an extraordinary amount of time debating the immigration debate that has been raging in this country for far too long. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised that the majority believes that we should continue to label people as ‘‘illegal.’’ People aren’t illegal. Acts that are committed are illegal, but people are not illegal, Mr. Chair. That is, simply, why the American Library Association, the umbrella policy organization for libraries across this country, has petitioned the Library of Congress to change the use of the term ‘‘illegal alien.’’ What the majority is doing here, as I said, is setting Congress up as the word police. Where are we going to stop? There are thousands of subject headings that they change at the Library of Congress every year. I can’t imagine how many pages this bill will be when we start referencing and spending time arguing over what they call each of those. It is inappropriate; it is unacceptable; it is a complete waste of time. It injects politics into a bill that usually and, most often, doesn’t have it. It is unfortunate that the funding of the Planned Parenthood select committee and that the funding of the Benghazi Select Committee have continued to politicize a bill that should, simply, be an effort for us to make sure that we can sustain the most significant beacon of democracy that the world has ever seen. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is remarkable that we are actually spending so much time on this; but we must point out to the constituency who is watching that we have had 71⁄2 years of an executive who wants to ignore our laws. We have had 7
1⁄2years of overreach by the executive branch, of its totally ignoring the laws that have been passed by this body, and just poking us in the eye, saying, I don’t care about the legislative branch. I don’t care about that legislative body. I don’t care about the laws of the land. In fact, I will ignore them, and I will instruct my agencies to do something different. Yet, I hear it again from the minority that they want to ignore the words, the terms, the identifications, the definitions of the very laws of this land. What message does that send to the youth of our country? What message does that send to lawabiding citizens in our country, that there is a party in Washington, D.C., that, for whatever reason, wants to pick and choose which laws they want to uphold and defend, or which laws or words or terms or definitions in the laws that they will acknowledge or not acknowledge? We are a Nation of laws. Whether we agree with the laws or we don’t, whether we agree with the terminology or we don’t, we have all been elected by 700,000plus constituency districts in which we can change those laws if we choose. This is the opportunity to do it for the minority party if they like. In fact, throughout our laws, these terms are used. Whether they are agreeable terms or not by the minority, those are the words that are in our laws. I think we can all agree that the term ‘‘illegal alien’’ does not mean the human being is illegal. This is not an effort to demean anyone. We don’t even identify what terms the Library must use. We just say, Hey, please be consistent with U.S. Code. That is it. The simple fact is that immigrants, if they have entered this country illegally, are, in fact, illegal immigrants. According to U.S. Code, U.S. laws, they have committed a crime. It is not the job of this committee’s to create an alternate reality whatsoever. The laws are the laws. Thankfully, the Supreme Court sees it the same way. We have Justice Sotomayor as using the term ‘‘illegal alien’’ a half a dozen times and the published opinion written by Justice Kennedy, and he joined the Court’s more liberal block as well, using it a number of times. It is very consistent. 
I recall it was, maybe, a year or two that the ranking member, on a different occasion, disagreed with me on another term. It was ‘‘ObamaCare.’’ We were having a debate about policies, Mr. Chair, and I used the term ‘‘ObamaCare.’’ She found it offensive, pejorative maybe, very negative, demeaning, used in a negative light. I believe she tried to strike my words during that time. So, if anybody is trying to be word police in this body, maybe it is the ranking member, who has a history of it. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The CHAIR. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Is it not appropriate for the ranking member and the chairman, when we are debating, to go through the Chair when we are having that debate? The CHAIR. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. I would ask that you remind the chairman to do so, please. The CHAIR. Members have been reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would point out that the gentleman from Georgia is absolutely correct. I did raise that concern, and I thought it was appropriate to raise the concern that the way the majority meant the term ‘‘ObamaCare,’’ as applied at the time, was intended to be pejorative. Then President Obama embraced the term; so we evolved because President Obama decided that he liked that his name would be associated with making sure that 20 million people who now have health insurance but who didn’t before would be associated with his name. That is all that the American Library Association and the Library of Congress are asking with regard to the people who are labeled as ‘‘illegal aliens.’’ The gentleman from Georgia, it would be understood, is not someone who is labeled that way, so, perhaps, it is understandable that he would not understand why that was offensive. The American Library Association and the Library of Congress have recognized that the evolution beyond using a term that has been determined to be pejorative is essential. That is called progress. That is called tolerance. Unfortunately, the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill, through the reference to title VIII in the United States Code, requires, in this bill, the Library of Congress to continue to use the term ‘‘illegal alien.’’ It is inappropriate, unfortunate, and it should be deleted. We should have had an opportunity to debate an amendment to have allowed that to happen. The majority chooses to hide the fact. I mean, I wish they would have just owned up to it. Mr. Chair, they should have just put it right up in the bill. I don’t know why they didn’t. If they think it is the right thing to do, they should have just put that term right in the bill and spelled out that they expect the Library of Congress to continue to use it. Hiding behind title VIII of the U.S. Code shows that they don’t have, necessarily, the courage of their convictions to stand up for that term. Why? Because there are a whole lot of people in this country who think it is offensive, including me and the Members of my party. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am sorry this is taking so long tonight to reach the admission by the ranking member that this term does not exist in this bill. I mean, she just said it: Why didn’t they just be more explicit? Why didn’t he just use the term? In fact, they are hiding behind U.S. Code. That is what I just heard from the ranking member. As Americans, we don’t hide behind the U.S. Code. The U.S. Code is our defense; it is our shield. The laws of this land are what protect us from one from another; so to suggest that one is hiding behind it when, in fact, we are defended by it is really amazing to hear tonight. I am pleased to hear, though, that the ranking member has acknowledged that nowhere in this legislation do we direct the Library of Congress to use any term other than what is found in and is consistent with the U.S. Code. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. What I suggested was that, because the majority realizes that the term ‘‘illegal alien’’ is not something that is appropriate to continue to use as a subject heading, if they had spelled it straight out in the bill rather than hiding what their true intention was behind the reference to the U.S. Code, they probably would have had to have answered a little bit more closely to the fact that they were making this effort. Now we have been able to at least have this discussion, and I am intentionally using most of my time to be able to shine a spotlight on the fact that the majority wishes to continue to label people as ‘‘illegal,’’ wishes to continue to politicize the legislative branch appropriations bill to inject the immigration debate into the funding of the legislative branch, and to set themselves up as the word police with regard to subject headings. This is what we need our colleagues to wrap their minds around, Mr. Chair—requiring the Library to continue to use an offensive term in their subject headings so that researchers can’t use the term that the American Library Association has deemed more appropriate and not offensive. Instead, they insist on continuing to use an offensive term. b1915 That is unacceptable. It is inappropriate. We are going to continue to insist, and I will not be able to support this legislation as a result of the insistence of the majority on labeling an entire group of people ‘‘illegal’’ and politicizing this bill when the Library of Congress should be allowed to let the process work that works for thousands of other changes to their subject headings. I will also point out, Mr. Chairman, that we do embrace evolution of terminology here. Just in May, a few weeks ago, we finally deleted the last vestiges of the terms ‘‘Oriental’’ and ‘‘Negro’’ from the United States Code. So we do have a process by which we take legislation like that that has been introduced by Congressman JOAQUIN CASTRO, and we allow it to move through the process. That is the appropriate way that we deal with discussion about changes in terminology in the code. We don’t do it in the legislative branch bill. And that is exactly what the majority is doing by insisting that the Library of Congress continue to use that offensive term ‘‘illegal alien.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I recognize this has been an exciting and tantalizing debate this evening. Whenever the gentlewoman from Florida is ready to close, I will be ready as well. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Florida has 7 minutes remaining. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. I think it is unfortunate that myself and my colleagues on our side of the aisle don’t feel that we can lend our support to this legislation for a variety of reasons. First, there has been an overwhelming injection of politics into what should be an otherwise solid piece of legislation in which we have done a lot of good work to make sure that the functions of the legislative branch are able to make sure that we can exercise our roles and responsibilities as Members of the legislative branch. Unfortunately, due to the funding of the select committee on Planned Parenthood, which continues the witch hunt into an organization that simply exists to provide millions of women access to quality health care, in which there has been absolutely no evidence whatsoever that there was any wrongdoing, the majority continues to insist on funding the witch hunt that is designed to prevent women from getting access to quality, affordable health care. 
It also continues funding for the Select Committee on Benghazi, an investigation in which the majority has actually admitted that they found absolutely no wrongdoing. Yet they have not disbanded the committee, and they continue to provide funding for it in this bill. Lastly, as we have been able to spend a few minutes debating here on the floor, this bill tragically sets the legislative branch up as the word police and Members of Congress as the watchful sentries over the uses of the terms and subject headings at the Library of Congress. I am glad that we are really carefully protecting the card catalog in the Library of Congress to make sure that we can continue to use offensive terms when researchers look them up in the Library of Congress, like ‘‘illegal alien.’’ This bill makes sure that, instead of evolving, instead of moving forward, instead of letting professionals who work in libraries decide what terms should be used in their subject headings, Congress is going to establish ourselves as the word police, politicize something where we should not inject politics, and label people as ‘‘illegal.’’ Again, I will reiterate that there should have been an opportunity for us to debate this issue separately. I am glad we have had an opportunity to discuss it here and to expose the majority for wanting to continue a bigoted, offensive term as the subject heading in the Library of Congress. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. We have heard a lot tonight about why the minority is opposed to this bill. They are opposed to this bill because of what is not in it. Do you notice that? It is because of what is not in it. They have yet to talk about the great things, the good things, and what this bill really is about. In fact, they are going to oppose this bill, as they did last year, just because of things that don’t exist, that are absent. I will point out, and I want to remind the chairman and the committee, that this is really a good piece of legislation. It is very family friendly, which is one of our major focuses. We have thousands and thousands of visitors each year that come and visit this place, this Capitol Building, this historic beacon of hope for our country and for the world. Visitors come and visit our offices and tour the facilities, and we want it to be family friendly, safe and secure, and a welcoming environment. That is what this bill achieves. It does that by providing something that is unique, something that I was very passionate about in my days in the State of Georgia, and that is doing zerobased budgeting, something very unique. It is not done in all the other appropriations bills, but it is done in this one, where every agency starts from zero and justifies each expense forward. That is what our constituents expect. It even does it by eliminating the Open World Center, zeroing out, winding down, and eliminating a program that was wellintended back in the 1980s when it was first founded. But it is time to wind it down, move on, and use those dollars for something else, changing priorities. That is what this committee was focused on. It continues the Member pay freeze. As I stated earlier, when our constituents aren’t getting a raise in this economy, the Obama economy, then I don’t believe we should be getting a raise either. It eliminates that. It freezes that. We do this by also cutting the House budget by 13.2 percent since Republicans took the majority. That is something we don’t share enough of. The House has taken the necessary steps to lead by example in cutting our budgets by 13.2 percent since taking the majority in 2010. I can’t say the same about the Senate. I can’t say the same about the executive branch, nor the judicial. But we can say that about our side, because we are leading by example. Then it has a strong focus on constituent services. We were able to provide additional resources for all Members, Republican and Democrat alike, from all corners of this country and from all the territories to make sure that they have the resources necessary to meet the needs of their constituents, because that is really one of our number one priorities back in our districts and from our offices here is to provide the services to our constituency. We have heard a lot tonight about the Library of Congress. Look, the Library of Congress has a great history, a great heritage, and provides a tremendous service. It has a history of providing law services to this body and to the Senate over the years as well as constituencies that come and do research. It does a great job. All we have done in this bill is say, as you do your subject headings, just make sure it is consistent with U.S. Code, be consistent with the laws of this land. That way, those who are searching topics are searching topics that are consistent with what is being debated in the Supreme Court, what is being debated in other courts throughout the country because they are using the laws of this land as they try various cases. So why not just use terminology that is consistent with the Code that this body and that the Senate and that a President has signed into law at some point. Mr. Chair, I want to commend to this body and to the committee the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill. It is a good bill to be supported and to be proud of and to know that you are going to be able to take care of your constituents better. And we have got a great familyfriendly, safe, and secure environment for them to come and visit. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B YRNE ). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
salaries and expenses of the Office of the Sergeant at Arms, including the position of Superintendent of Garages and the Office of Emergency Management, and including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $15,505,000, of which $5,618,902 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $117,165,000, of which $2,120,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Inspector General, $4,963,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the General Counsel, $1,444,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Parliamentarian, including the Parliamentarian, $2,000 for preparing the Digest of Rules, and not more than $1,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $1,999,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House, $3,167,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House, $8,979,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of Interparliamentary Affairs, $814,000; and for other authorized employees, $1,183,000. ALLOWANCES AND EXPENSES  For allowances and expenses as authorized by House resolution or law, $272,328,000, including: supplies, materials, administrative costs and Federal tort claims, $3,625,000; official mail for committees, leadership offices, and administrative offices of the House, $190,000; Government contributions for health, retirement, Social Security, and other applicable employee benefits, $245,334,000, to remain available until March 31, 2018; Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery, $16,217,000, of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended; transition activities for new Members and staff $2,084,000, to remain available until expended; Wounded Warrior Program $2,500,000, to remain available until expended; Office of Congressional Ethics, $1,658,000; and miscellaneous items including purchase, exchange, maintenance, repair and operation of House motor vehicles, interparliamentary receptions, and gratuities to heirs of deceased employees of the House, $720,000. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
LIMITATION ON PRINTED COPIES OF U .S. CODE TO  
overtime shall not exceed $35,305,000 unless the Committee on Appropriations of the House and Senate are notified, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee. GENERAL EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Capitol Police, including motor vehicles, communications and other equipment, security equipment and installation, uniforms, weapons, supplies, materials, training, medical services, forensic services, stenographic services, personal and professional services, the employee assistance program, the awards program, postage, communication services, travel advances, relocation of instructor and liaison personnel for the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, and not more than $5,000 to be expended on the certification of the Chief of the Capitol Police in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $66,000,000, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the cost of basic training for the Capitol Police at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center for fiscal year 2017 shall be paid by the Secretary of Homeland Security from funds available to the Department of Homeland Security. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
ABANDONED PROPERTY AND TO ACCEPT SUR PLUS OR OBSOLETE PROPERTY OFFERED BY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 203 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166) and to revise and extend the Annotated Constitution of the United States of America, $107,945,000: Provided, That no part of such amount may be used to pay any salary or expense in connection with any publication, or preparation of material therefor (except the Digest of Public General Bills), to be issued by the Library of Congress unless such publication has obtained prior approval of either the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives or the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate. BOOKS FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY  HANDICAPPED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the Act of March 3, 1931 (chapter 400; 46 Stat. 1487; 2 U.S.C. 135a), $50,248,000: Provided, That of the total amount appropriated, $650,000 shall be available to contract to provide newspapers to blind and physically handicapped residents at no cost to the individual. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For authorized publishing of congressional information and the distribution of congressional information in any format; expenses necessary for preparing the semimonthly and session index to the Congressional Record, as authorized by law (section 902 of title 44, United States Code); publishing of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed to Members of Congress; and publishing, and distribution of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed without charge to the recipient, $79,736,000: Provided, That this appropriation shall not be available for paper copies of the permanent edition of the Congressional Record for individual Representatives, Resident Commissioners or Delegates authorized under section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred under the appropriations for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years: Provided further, That notwithstanding the 2 year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44, United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publication after the 27month period beginning on the date that such document, report, or publication is authorized by Congress to be printed, unless Congress reauthorizes such printing in accordance with section 718 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate: Provided further, That not withstanding sections 901, 902, and 906 of title 44, United States Code, this appropriation may be used to prepare indexes to the Congressional Record on only a monthly and session basis. PUBLIC INFORMATION PROGRAMS OF THE  SUPERINTENDENT OF DOCUMENTS  
participants: Provided further, That payments hereunder to the Forum may be credited as reimbursements to any appropriation from which costs involved are initially financed. OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER TRUST FUND For a payment to the Open World Leadership Center Trust Fund for financing activities of the Open World Leadership Center under section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), $1,000,000. JOHN C. STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT For payment to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1105), $430,000. TITLE II GENERAL PROVISIONS 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–611. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. It is now order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–611. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–611. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 4, line 22, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 771, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, we can raise living standards for working families across this country if we use Federal dollars to create good jobs. My amendment would reprogram funds to create an office of good jobs within the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer. This office would help ensure that the House’s procurement and contracting decisions encourage the creation of decently paid jobs, support collective bargaining rights, and encourage responsible employment practices. Our amendment does nothing to alter existing procurement, debarment, or contracting processes. Right now, the U.S. Government is America’s leading lowwage job creator, funding over 2 million poverty jobs through contracts, loans, and grants in corporate America. That is more than the total number of low wage workers employed by Walmart and McDonald’s combined. Mr. Chairman, at this point, the Federal Government is leading the race to the bottom through its processes and its failure to capitalize on the procurement process. U.S. contract workers earn so little that nearly 40 percent use public assistance programs like food stamps and Section 8 to feed their families. In other words, Mr. Chairman, because these jobs are paid so low that are funded by the Federal contracts, Uncle Sam has to subsidize these people, working people, because they are not getting paid enough by the Federal contractors that employ them. To add insult to injury, many of these lowwage U.S. contract workers are driven deeper into poverty because their employers steal their wages and break other Federal labor laws. Treating the people who work with us here at the Capitol with dignity and respect is absolutely essential. It is intended that the appropriation for the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer be used to establish an Office of Good Jobs aimed at ensuring that the Chief Administrative Officer’s procurement decisions encourage the creation of decently paid jobs, collective bargaining rights, and responsible employment practices. The office’s structure shall be substantially similar to the Centers for Faith Based and Neighborhood Partnerships located within the Department of Education, Department of Housing and Urban Development, Department of Homeland Security, Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Labor, Department of Agriculture, Department of Commerce, Department of Veterans Affairs, Department of State, Small Business Administration, Environmental Protection Agency, Corporation for National and Community Service, and U.S. Agency for International Development. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I know Mr. ELLISON is wellintended in 
his amendment. In fact, his amendment was offered during the House debate on the Energy and Water Appropriations bill just recently, and it was rejected by an overwhelming majority on a bipartisan basis. In fact, the vote was 174–245. I know his intentions are wellmeaning, and he speaks well of the topic, but this amendment is no more appropriate in this context than it was previously. It ignores the fact that Congress operates an entirely different procurement system than other Federal agencies. The House has an established procurement process that is in place to ensure that all procurements are executed in a fair and a competitive manner. The function of this amendment would only add additional time to an already sound procurement process. I oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I support my colleague’s amendment. The aim of this amendment is to create an office of good jobs for the House within the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer. This office would help ensure that the House makes contracting and employment decisions, encouraging the creation of decently paid jobs, implementation of fair labor practices, and responsible employment practices. As the legislative branch, we ought to be setting an example for the Nation when it comes to contracting decisions. Members of Congress who are committed to creating goodpaying jobs and supporting workers have a chance with this amendment to see those values reflected right where we work. This office will help guide the legislative branch in making responsible contracting and employment decisions and do right by the countless men and women who help us perform the people’s business each and every day. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment by voting ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I think this is a great example to show the openness of this process. In fact, this amendment was offered recently with the Energy and Water Appropriations bill and is applicable to be offered even here today. While I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, I think it is just a good example of bipartisanship and this open process, of an orderly structured process to get our job done here. However, this amendment doesn’t achieve what we would hope it would, and that is why I have to rise in opposition. I mean, it is clear that vendors that do business with the House are already reviewed against the GSA’s excluding parties list, which includes businesses that are then precluded from doing business with the Federal Government for and, among other things, violating employees’ legal employment rights. b1930 As written, this amendment fails to do really much of anything. It has no legislative effect. It fails to define what the office should examine, where in the House of Representatives organizational structure the office would reside, and what recourse, if any, a Member would have if he or she disagreed with a finding of the office. Again, with that, I have to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, it is long past time, given this economy that we have, for the Congress of the United States to prioritize good jobs. The fact is that, if we have an agency, an office of good jobs making sure that everyone who we do business with is making sure that workers are paid fairly, that they get every penny that they earn, and that we are making sure that we prioritize good employers over the bad ones, this is exactly what we should be doing. We live in a time of 40 years of wage stagnation, and the Federal Government is deeply implicated in this wage stagnation. The Federal Government, the U.S. Congress should do something about it. Mr. Chairman, let me tell you about a friend of mine named Vee. Vee has been a catering worker here at the House of Representatives for 27 years. She is 67 years old. She says she has next to nothing for retirement. She jokes that she will be working until half an hour before her funeral. In Vee’s own words: We aren’t looking for a handout; we are looking for a hand up. No one who works for decades should be left without a secure retirement. Retirement insecurity isn’t the only trouble she and her colleagues face. Some of them don’t get healthcare benefits from their employer. Of the 50 catering workers serving Members and visitors to the Hill, only about half have access to yearround health care. We need to make it clear to current and future contractors that we want them to put taxpayers’ dollars in their contracts to use, taking care of Americans who are working for them. This will help raise living standards for all workers. Let me tell you this, Mr. Chairman, when we see the Federal Government and we see State governments make good jobs the issue, the private sector falls in line. We have seen the Gap, even Walmart, talking about raising issues. Why? Because President Obama signed an executive order to say that anyone who works for a Federal contractor has to get paid at least $10.10 an hour. That kind of leadership is what makes the Federal Government not the leader in the race to the bottom but the leader in the race to the top. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I am grateful for the gentleman’s time tonight and taking time on this late evening to express his passion and zeal for workers all across this country. However, with that, because of his amendment and, as I mentioned, the impact that it, in effect, really wouldn’t have, I would have to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–611. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 17, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000) (increased by $100,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 771, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, there is a bike share revolution that is spreading across America. Over 70 systems are now operating in 104 cities, including, next month, my hometown of Portland, Oregon. Atlanta’s system opened today. This is an opportunity to provide the bicycle in a more convenient form, where people can rent by the half hour, by the hour, by the day. We find that research shows that the bike share is safer than regular bicycles. There have been no fatalities recorded in more than 35 million trips around the country so far. It is cheaper. It is a healthier form of transit. Lowcost memberships are available for lowincome populations, for example, in Washington, D.C., and Philadelphia and Chicago. The Nation’s Capital is a model for bike share. Launched in 2010, there are now over 350 stations around the D.C. area. Daily ridership is over 9,000. Bike share members report annual savings 
of $700 to $800 a year due to riding the bike share. My amendment suggests that it is time for the Architect of the Capitol to have the Capitol Grounds included in this process, requiring a feasibility study on the installation and operation of bike share stations on the Capitol Grounds. Right now, the nearest station to House Office Buildings is at the bottom of Capitol Hill, between the busy Independence Avenue and freeway on ramps. It is not convenient to our staff. It is not convenient to the millions of visitors that come to Capitol Hill every year. Thinking for a moment about the problems we have got now with the Metro maintenance, every person that takes a bike share is one more person who is not on the road ahead of you or crowded into overcrowded facilities. I respectfully suggest that this amendment be adopted, that we have $100,000 within the Architect of the Capitol’s budget to undertake this feasibility study to improve the quality of life, the health, and mobility in and around this vital area of our Nation’s Capital. It is unfortunate that this intense area of activity is underserved. This amendment would help remedy that. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I don’t claim the time in opposition to speak against it. In fact, I am supportive of the gentleman’s amendment, and I appreciate him bringing this forward. As a cyclist myself, I can tell you, I understand the importance of making sure, on a campus such as this or in a town such as this or an area such as this, that there is plenty of availability, and the bike share facilities and locations are certainly around here, but we understand that there are some absences or vacancies in spaces near to this campus. Saying all that, I do respect the Sergeant at Arms and the Capitol Police and some of their concerns that they have expressed, and I would hope that, as the Architect moves forward with a study such as this, that they would take those considerations into effect as well as they put their study together. I thank the gentleman for his amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Blumenauer amendment to request a feasibility study on the installation and operation of Capital Bikeshare stations on the Capitol Grounds. I would like to thank Mr. BLUMENAUER for his bikepartisan leadership over the years and for his work on this issue specifically. His passion for cycling is known to and appreciated by so many of us. Mr. Chairman, Capital Bikeshare opened in 2010 in the District of Columbia and in Arlington, Virginia, which I am proud to represent. Since then, the system has grown steadily to include more than 350 stations. It has changed the way many people in this region travel. The U.S. Capitol receives millions of visitors every year, and millions more visit our offices to talk about their issues and concerns. These people are friends, families, and constituents. There are also guests of the United States from all over the world. Capital Bikeshare has been successful precisely because many of these visitors want to see our city up close, from the seat of a bicycle. Expanding this very successful program to the Capitol Grounds is a great way to give tourists, local commuters, and our staffs an excellent transportation alternative, not to mention the benefits the bicycle has on the environment, individual health, and traffic congestion. This need is especially great right now as the D.C.’s Metrorail system undergoes extensive, prolonged maintenance. This puts a real strain on all the other modes of transportation in the city. Capital Bikeshare is beloved by D.C. residents and visitors alike, and we should be setting a strong example by supporting the program and welcoming stations in the place where we work, right here on the Capitol Grounds. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. BLUMENAUER  for his leadership and urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–611. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 17, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000)’’. Page 17, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $250,000)’’. Page 17, line 23, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $250,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 771, the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Vermont. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to be here presenting this amendment. My cosponsor of this amendment, JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER , is unable to be here, but it is relevant. She had a baby 2 weeks ago—this is not her first child—and she is a breastfeeding mother. This amendment is about creating the potential for the House Office Buildings and this Capitol to come into compliance with the General Services Administration guidelines for having breastfeeding stations available for women who need them. There are 7,000 women who work here. There are thousands of women who visit on a regular basis, and we don’t have the stations that the women who visit the Capitol, work in the Capitol, work in the House Office Buildings, or visit need to be here in order to take care of their infant children. It is just amazing to me. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER is someone we all admire. She can’t be here—she wishes she was—but she is a big advocate of this. What this amendment would do is not cost new money, but it would allow a shift in money, $500,000, from the capital construction and operations account to the Capitol Building and House Office Building accounts, appropriating $250,000 each. The fact is, why wouldn’t we want to be in compliance with the GSA requirements as to the access to the breastfeeding stations for mothers who work and visit here? Mr. Chair, my hope is that there will be broad bipartisan support to do something that I think all of us know needs to be done. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WELCH. I yield to the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman for his thoughtful amendment. We are prepared to accept it, support it. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), the ranking member of the committee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I join the chairman in supporting the gentleman’s amendment. This amendment would add approximately 30 lactation rooms to the Capitol complex. Working mothers rely on these rooms—and I can speak from experience—to ensure that they can continue to work while breastfeeding their children. This amendment rightfully recognizes that Congress must lead by example to ensure that women can be both moms and leaders in their field. In fact, my own office right now is serving as a lactation room, and that is because one of my wonderful staff is a nursing mom. While I am happy to do that, it is our responsibility to maintain an environment where all of our employees feel comfortable, including working mothers. Our staff deserves to feel welcome 
and secure when they are ready to return to work. We should be doing everything we can to encourage working moms to return to the workplace, and it must start here on Capitol Hill. As we all know, the offices in which we work are inadequate for moms to pump. Our staff is many to an office with openair cubicles. Having lactation rooms is mandatory, essential, if we want to keep talented women in the workplace. I want to thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. I urge its support and appreciate the chairman’s support. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman GRAVES . I appreciate his support of this amendment. I also want to thank the ranking member for her support. I also thank my cosponsors, Congresswoman MATSUI and Congresswoman FRANKEL , but I especially want to thank and congratulate Congresswoman HERRERA BEUTLER . Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Congressman WELCH for his leadership on this common sense amendment. Working mothers are driving our economy forward. Two out of every three women are the sole or equal breadwinner in their households. Many of these women are juggling the responsibilities of caring for their children and supporting their family. Having workplaces that accommodate the needs of our hard working American mothers makes our economy stronger. Businesses across the country have made important improvements in their work place standards for women. And the Federal government has too. In fact, the General Services Administration now requires that federal buildings have lactation stations for breastfeeding mothers. But here in the U.S. Capitol we are not living up to these standards—at the expense of the thousands of women who work in the Capitol and the millions of women who pass through these grounds every day. We need to make working mothers’ ability to contribute to our economy easier, not harder. This amendment simply brings the House of Representatives into compliance with existing laws already on the books and would not require any new funding. It is a common sense step forward for working mothers. Our Capitol is a symbol of our democracy and should set the highest example for the American people. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment which makes our Capitol more welcoming to all. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). The amendment was agreed to. b1945 The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–611. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 771, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I want to begin by thanking the committee for the hard work that they have put into this bill and for the way the House has approved reducing our budget over the last several years. If every department of the Federal Government were to be as active as we were in reducing our spending, our budget would be in better shape. This bill provides a net total of $3.482 billion in fiscal year 2017 base discretionary budget authority. That is $153 million below the President’s budget request, $73 million above the enacted 2016 level, and $140 million above the level proposed by the Appropriations Committee for fiscal year 2016. However, I think there is more work that needs to be done. And thus, as I do for most of our appropriations bills, I am here with my 1 percent acrossthe board spending reduction amendment. It would reduce discretionary budget authority by $31 million and outlays by $28 million. It exempts the Capitol Police, the Architect of the Capitol, Capitol Police Buildings, Grounds and Security, and the Sergeant at Arms. I am certainly aware that there is opposition to doing the pennyonadollar cut. I have heard many times that cuts like this are damaging and we shouldn’t do them, but I think that cutting an extra penny on every dollar not only goes to putting us on a better track, it helps to preserve our Nation’s sovereignty for future generations. When we have $19.2 trillion in debt, our constituents are saying: What are you going to do about this? Well, here is an action that we can take: making a pennyonadollar cut and saving ourselves some more money—$31 million—that will help to send the right message that, again, we are going to cut a little bit more, just as the families in our districts are doing. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment, as it takes a meatax approach to cutting this bill by $31 million with an acrosstheboard cut of 1 percent. The amendment exempts the Capitol Police and its buildings, as well as the Sergeant at Arms. It does not exempt our staff, including the offerer’s own staff because it would cut the Members’ Representational Allowance. It would also cut the Congressional Research Service, the Government Accountability Office, the Congressional Budget Office, committees of Congress, and the Office of Compliance. The Legislative Branch bill, Mr. Chairman, has been flat for 3 years. And this bill finally provides a modest overall increase of 2.1 percent, but because we have not kept up with inflation, each year we are buying less and less for our dollar. The Congressional Research Service, for example, is still below FY 2010 levels and reports it has lost 13 percent of its purchasing power. We can’t continue to do more with less. There is a reason the perception of Congress is damaged. We are damaging our ability to write and analyze legislation and have serious debates because we take the politically expedient route, like the acrosstheboard cuts, because they play well during town halls. But if we bothered to explain the brain drain within the halls of Congress and the need to boost funding for staff to do oversight, I have the belief that our constituents would understand that. If Members want a strong legislative branch to ensure oversight of the executive, this amendment should be defeated. The cut to the MRA is one of the most egregious that would result from this amendment. I happen to think my staff contributes to the wellbeing of my constituents and are worth every penny we can afford to pay them after years of cuts to the MRA. The MRA is $97 million less than it was in fiscal year 2010. This amendment would cut $5.6 million more. Mr. Chairman, you get the government you pay for, and I fear that this amendment would do nothing more than hurt the service we are able to provide to our constituents. I urge defeat of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I will have to say that people do like acrosstheboard cuts. Indeed, many governors, Republican and Democrat alike, use these. From coasttocoast, they have used these. And our constituents like them. Take a look at the December 2012 POLITICOGeorge Washington University Battleground Tracking Poll. It shows 75 percent approve of them. January 2013, The Hill, 6in10 approve. Look at what happened in Oklahoma in December: a 3 percent acrosstheboard cut. In March, they did a 4 percent across theboard cut. 
Why is it that our governors do these? They work. Department heads like to be able to go in there and find a way to cut a little bit more in that budget and still meet the needs that the people have said they want to see their government meet. We have $19.3 trillion in debt. We are working to get the cost of government down, but we have to do a little bit more. This is a way to engage rank andfile Federal employees and to say to them: It is time for us to get our fiscal house in order. A penny on the dollar is what our constituents are doing. We should do likewise. It is what our States are doing, because they can’t crank the printing press. They can’t go borrow money. They can’t have more of our debt that is owned by China and Japan and OPEC and the entities that own our debt. They have to have balanced budget amendments. When I was in the Tennessee State Senate, we didn’t go home until we had the budget in balance. So I would encourage support of this amendment. It is a penny out of a dollar. It is another $31 million in savings. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, as I said, this bill has already taken hit after hit. We are far below the levels that we were at in 2010. We have employees who deserve to be assured that we have enough respect for their professionalism that we are going to adequately fund their ability to do their jobs, which is to represent our constituents. This amendment takes, as I said, a meatax approach rather than what the chairman and I worked together to do, which is to develop the substantive portions of this bill related to the funding of the legislative branch in a precisionlike way. It doesn’t make sense. I have never heard of polling that actually asks generic questions of constituents on whether they like or dislike acrossthe board cuts. I am not sure what the purpose of electing Members of Congress is if we are going to just make indiscriminate, acrosstheboard decisions rather than use our brains and build consensus around the decisions that we make. That is the type of approach that this amendment would take, and it is inappropriate. We need to make sure that we are adequately funding the legislative branch functions so that we can represent our constituents effectively. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, the American people think they have taken hit after hit. And they have taken it right in the wallet. They are sick and tired of this. They feel like this economy has taken a meatax approach to their wellbeing. What they want to see is leadership that will work to get our spending habits under control here in Washington. This is a great opportunity to lead by example and to say: A penny on the dollar, we are going to do it for the children and for future generations. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, the American people are appreciative and understand that we have been through 75 straight months of private sector job growth, that we have added 20 million people who didn’t have health insurance before and who are now able to go to the doctor when they are sick, that we have cut the deficit by nearly threequarters, and that we have made progress. And we need to continue to build on that progress and help more Americans have an opportunity to reach the middle class. All of those things were accomplished through funding the legislative branch. And we need to appropriately fund it, adequately fund it, so we can effectively represent our constituents. I urge defeat of this illadvised amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–611. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Could the Chair inform the committee of what the intentions are tonight, about how many amendments we would move forward and how many for tomorrow? The Acting CHAIR. The Chair has just announced that amendment No. 7 is now in order. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I have an additional parliamentary inquiry. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair would be prepared to entertain a motion to rise. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. AMODEI ) having assumed the chair, Mr. BYRNE , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. f 
CELEBRATING PRIDE MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am thrilled to be here on the floor of the House this evening with my Congressional Progressive Caucus and LGBT Equality Caucus as we join millions of Americans around the country in celebrating Pride Month. Pride Month offers an opportunity to celebrate the incredible achievements of the LGBT community and the progress we have made toward a society that accepts LGBT Americans as equals. It is a chance to honor the trailblazers and leaders that have contributed so much to the lives of LGBT individuals worldwide. And it gives us the space to remind one another that we are all humans, deserving of dignity, acceptance, and equal treatment. The LGBT community, along with allies like myself, have fought to see the end of discriminatory laws and policies. We have applauded as society itself opens its arms. And we have watched as more and more LGBT ‘‘firsts’’ make their mark in public service, Hollywood, and every corner of our world. b2000 From the Stonewall riots that set the stage for the pride celebrations that we have today, to the end of ‘‘Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell’’ in our Armed Forces, to the landmark Supreme Court decision in Obergefell v. Hodges, to the recent confirmation of the very first gay man to serve as Secretary of the Army, we have made clear, forward progress. But even as we celebrate the countless achievements of the past few years, we must also acknowledge the continuing uphill battle for LGBT equality. This year has seen a deeply painful wave of laws passed by State legislatures and aimed at legalizing blatant discrimination against the LGBT communities. There have been recent upticks in transgender violence and, just last week, a disgraceful move by a few Members on the other side of the aisle 
to prevent the passage of an amendment that sought to prevent discrimination. That reminded us that we still have quite a bit of work to do. That is why my colleagues and I support legislation like the Student Non Discrimination Act, or the Safe Schools Improvement Act, or the Equality Act. That is why I remain committed to making sure that we eliminate every form of discrimination in our society. Who you are and who you love shouldn’t affect which jobs you are eligible for, who serves you in a restaurant, how much you make at work, or anything else about your life. In a Nation founded upon the principles of personal freedom and individual rights, the word ‘‘equality’’ carries great weight. It should mean equal treatment, respect, and access, regardless of race, gender, education, income, sexual orientation, with no exceptions. And as a LGBT ally, I am determined to make that vision a reality. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for the opportunity to present these few words on behalf of a community that has suffered so many discrimination attempts, so much disharmony, so many harmful experiences. Yet, this is a community of healthy, helpful, brilliant and introductory individuals. We must make sure that this society, our society, our House, this great America, stands firm for the equal opportunity of all people; that it should have nothing to do with who we love or what our gender identity is. It should be what do we have to offer to make our society a better and healthy one. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ). Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding the time. I would like to thank the leadership for allowing the time. And, Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank my staff and the many members of the LGBT Caucus for helping us to produce H. Res. 772. This is the original LGBTQ Pride Month resolution, and I am very proud that persons have signed onto this resolution, so I want to thank all of the cosponsors, original cosponsors of the resolution. I am grateful that the President of the United States has recognized Pride Month. President Obama has taken quantum leaps forward in helping us to realize this notion that all persons are created equal and endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, and among them, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. This is what Pride Month is really all about, these inalienable rights. I am proud to align myself and proud to call myself an ally of the LGBT community. I am an ally of this community for many reasons. I would like to just share a few. I have suffered invidious discrimination. I know what it is like to be decided as one who should stand in a different line. I know what it is like to be required to drink from the Colored water fountain. I know what it is like to be required to sit in a different area in a theater. I know what it is like to have to ride in a certain place on a bus. I have felt the sting of invidious discrimination, and my history dictates that I stand against invidious discrimination in any form against whomever. My history requires that I be where I am when it comes to helping others who are being discriminated against. So I am proud to have this resolution that we have presented, and I am proud to have presented it because there is still great work to be done. We still have 28 States that allow someone to be fired for being gay, lesbian, or bisexual. No one should be fired because of who you happen to be. Your performance should determine your position in a place of work. Unfortunately, in our country, we still have people who will look at someone and conclude that that person should not work in a certain position. Dr. King reminded us that it was the content of character that determines the worth of a people, not what they look like, not what you think they may have as a preference in life, the content of character. People should be judged upon their merits. They should ascend on merits, and they should fail on demerits, not what they look like or what you think their preferences are. Twentyeight States still allow people to be fired based upon what someone thinks about their sexuality, or if they should happen to announce their sexuality. Thirty States still allow someone to be fired for being trans. How people behave, as long as they are obeying the law, should not be a means by which you can fire them. People have every right to be themselves. To all of those who are heterosexual, as am I, we should think about what it would be like for us to have to pretend to be something other than that we are. People ought not to have to pretend or hide their sexuality. I was very proud to see ‘‘Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell’’ fall because people ought to be able to ask and to tell who they are and what their preferences are. This ought not be something that we ought to, somehow, impose upon people as a shame. People should be proud of what God has made them to be, and they ought to be able to share that with the world. All persons created equal, endowed by their Creator, with certain inalienable rights; that includes people who happen to be a part of the LGBTQ community. We still have 28 States that don’t include the protections for sexuality under housing discrimination laws; people just evicted because someone concludes something about their sexuality. You ought not be evicted because of discrimination related to your sexuality. There was a time in this country when females could not vote, a time when they couldn’t own land, a time when they had to have a husband to acquire certain status in this country. But we have gone beyond that. We should get beyond this notion that people should not have fair and equality with reference to housing in the greatest country in the world. And I still say it is the greatest country in the world. I understand we have these problems, but I believe that people ought to receive housing based upon behavior, not based upon what you think of them. We still have, in this country, 30 States that lack housing protections for being trans. Again, what people think of you should not determine where you will be housed. I am proud that President Obama, as I indicated earlier, has helped us move forward in this area and in many other areas, because it was on his watch that the Supreme Court of the United States required that all States recognize samesex marriages, and that they issue licenses to samesex couples. This was a Supreme Court, but it was a Supreme Court that this President had an impact on. I am proud that, under this President, we have had the downing of DOMA, the notion that you can discriminate against samesex couples with their benefits. This President has helped us move forward in areas that were taboo prior to his watch, and I believe that President Obama is going to be rewarded by history for his efforts to ensure that all persons are created equal. I am very proud that the Supreme Court has taken other steps to make sure that equality exists among people. But finally, as it relates to President Obama, let me just say that his latest effort to make sure that the military lives up to the standards that we believe should allow every person to serve in the capacity that they were born into is a remarkable one. I think his appointing Eric Fanning as the first Secretary of the Army, a person who is openly gay, was probably one of the most significant things that he has done because this is a means by which people relate to the country. People who serve in the military are held in high esteem. People who work with the military are held in high esteem. People who serve as Secretaries are held in high esteem, and I thank the President for this very bold and courageous move. So we are very proud to have this resolution on the floor recognizing Pride Month, and we do so because, in my opinion, every month ought to be Pride Month. We ought not have a single month that we do this. But until we can overcome some of these greater adversities that are yet to be dealt with, I think we have to continue to celebrate Pride Month. I am honored to do this tonight with my colleague, and I thank the gentlewoman for the time. I want to assure the gentlewoman that H. Res. 772, the 
original LGBTQ Pride Month resolution, while it will not pass this Congress, I want to assure the gentlewoman that, in our lifetimes, this resolution will pass a Congress of the United States of America because the Congress of the United States of America is metamorphosing. It, too, is coming to realize that we have to recognize the words of the Declaration of Independence; that all persons doesn’t mean all people of a certain gender; doesn’t mean all persons of a certain hue; doesn’t mean all persons who happen to be from a certain place. It literally means what it says; all persons are created equal, and that all people are endowed by the Creator with these inalienable rights, and that we must bring the LGBTQ community within the purview of all that others enjoy and take for granted as a matter of course. I thank the gentlewoman for the time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his eloquent and inspiring words and encouragement. And I, too, think that this is a metamorphosing body, and I just pray sooner than later. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for yielding. Thank you, Representative WATSON COLEMAN , for leading us in this Special Order that is so significant. I stand with many in lending my voice on behalf of the LGBT community in the 20th Congressional District of New York, and across the map of New York for that matter, and across the Nation. We mark Pride Month each year as an opportunity to celebrate the steps that have been taken in the fight for justice, the fight for equality and civil rights for our friends and neighbors in the LGBTQ community. As we reflect on victories, I believe it is critical that we acknowledge the challenges before us; challenges like archaic bathroom laws that conjure up the ghosts of segregation and separate water fountains; challenges like that of Supreme Court Chief Justices who refuse to obey rulings from the Supreme Court when the highest court dictates that marriage equality is indeed the law of the land; challenges like initiatives that are borne out of fear, out of bigotry, and out of misunderstanding; and even in Washington, D.C., large routine appropriations bills that fail because one side of the aisle simply cannot support an amendment that ensures taxpayer dollars are not awarded to small businesses that, indeed, discriminate. These actions hurt each and every one of us. b2015 When my LGBT friends are robbed of opportunity that hurts my community and local economies in New York’s Capital Region, there needs to be a voice expressed. When LGBT kids are bullied, that teaches those who witness the act that it is okay to diminish the humanity of those that may be different from us. These challenges are, unfortunately, a natural reaction to the massive strides we have taken in a short couple of years on the way toward equality. That does not make it acceptable, and we must work together to stamp out discrimination of any kind wherever and however it may exist. Martin Luther King, Jr., has famously said: ‘‘The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.’’ That is where we are headed. We will get there sooner if we embrace the ideals of tolerance, of togetherness, and certainly of inclusion. Another civil rights giant, our friend and our colleague, Congressman JOHN LEWIS of Georgia, spoke words that I will never forget. He said: ‘‘Make good trouble.’’ That is exactly what we must do during Pride Month and every month until our goals are achieved. I thank the Congressional LGBT Caucus and its leadership for assembling us here today. Let’s take this opportunity to recommit ourselves to the noble and simple goal that everyone—that is everyone—has a shot at the American Dream regardless of their creed, regardless of their color, and regardless of their sexual orientation and identity. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the opportunity to share thoughts this evening, and I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from New York for his words and for taking the time to share what I think is a very important issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from the great State of California (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ ), my colleague. Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for reserving this hour of time for us to talk about something that is incredibly important, the LGBTQ Pride Month. It is just remarkable to look back just in the time that I have been here in the Congress to see the equality that has come about in these years. Just 8 years ago, in my home State of California, there was a proposition to prohibit gay marriage, and it passed. When proposition 8 passed, it was really heartbreaking for not only California’s LGBTQ community and its allies, but really for our families because, quite honestly, every family in some way or another is connected. We have family members who belong to the LGBT community. But we didn’t let this be a setback to us. Like other Americans, LGBTQ Californians believed that they deserved equality under the eyes of the law. So in July of 2013, the Supreme Court finally struck down core components of the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act law that was passed right before I got to the Congress. This important ruling made proposition 8 null and void, returning marriage equality back to my great State of California. Last year, the Supreme Court guaranteed an individual’s right to marry whomever they love regardless of sex. The Supreme Court recognized what we have known for a long time, that it is wrong to deprive citizens of the right to marry the loves of their lives. They recognize that to do so would be to treat samesex couples like second class citizens. Equality, fairness, and love won in the highest court of this Nation. In our military, LGBTQ servicemembers have also achieved remarkable progress towards equality and ending antiLGBTQ discrimination. Just 5 years ago, an LGBTQ American could not proudly serve their country in the military. But since the repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell, our LGBTQ servicemembers are now able to serve openly in our military. What a great day. While we celebrate this extraordinary progress, we also have to recognize that we still have a ways to go. There are many States in our country where you can be fired from your job simply because you are gay. Across the country and in Congress, we are still seeing discrimination, discrimination, discrimination. Under our current laws, LGBTQ Americans aren’t guaranteed the vital protections against discrimination. That is why I am a proud sponsor of the Equality Act. It is time for Congress to pass this essential civil rights legislation. So, once again, I want to thank my colleague from New Jersey for celebrating today and to understand that regardless of sexual orientation, all Americans deserve life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ). Congresswoman SPEIER is another colleague from the great State of California. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for giving me the opportunity to speak today about LGBT Pride Month. Pride Month is coming at a crucial time this year. While we have made huge strides in the LGBT community over the last few years—from marriage equality to the introduction of the Equality Act—this year has been a tragic and frustrating reminder of the terrain ahead. Congress has ground to a halt, from legislative appropriations to the National Defense Authorization Act, as too many conservatives remain obsessed with legalizing discrimination from the contracting system to our own bathrooms. They just can’t help themselves. 
We can’t do our job right now, and soon we will be leaving for election season without finishing the appropriations process all because conservatives are obsessed with making discrimination legal. That’s right. They want to make discrimination legal. Who are they trying to serve? The American people and corporate America are not standing for this bigoted behavior. Corporations around the country are canceling conventions in States that have passed legislation that prevents transgender bathrooms from being available. At the entryway to my congressional office stands a California flag bearing the rainbow stripes of the LGBT movement. It is a mark of how far we have come that such a flag is now commonplace on Capitol Hill, but on this Pride Month, conservatives are debating how best to overturn antidiscrimination provisions and bar their own constituents from using the restroom. This is absolutely ridiculous, and, frankly, a tragic nadir in congressional action. I am sick and tired of my colleagues saying they oppose discrimination, that they are fighting for LGBT Americans, and that they support equality when time and again they have voted just the opposite way. How about instead of bickering about bathrooms, we look at passing true antidiscrimination laws? Right now we don’t have laws preventing housing, credit, workplace, or healthcare discrimination. We have lifted the ban on LGBT military service, but our transgender servicemembers continue to serve in the shadows, never knowing if this will be the day they are dismissed. Now is the time to ban socalled gay conversion therapy that harms so many of our children. Californians, and especially my beloved San Franciscans, have always been at the forefront of this fight for equality. As San Francisco Supervisor Harvey Milk said when he became one of the first openly gay elected officials, gay children who weren’t accepted by their parents and peers used to feel they had few options: ‘‘staying in the closet; suicide. And then one day that child might open a paper that says, ‘Homosexual elected in San Francisco.’’’ That is what Harvey did many decades ago. One option is to go to California, he said, and the other is to stay and fight. That is the fighting spirit we need to keep alive today as we work to make sure our laws live up to the promise of the Declaration of Independence, that all of us, each and every one of us, is created equal and that we should be treated that way. So I thank my colleague again for giving us the opportunity to have this Special Order to talk about Pride Month and the importance of not just being proud that there is a Pride Month, but redoubling our efforts to make sure that these really insidious amendments are not slipped into bills to enforce discrimination. Because that is what they do. They legalize discrimination. We don’t stand for that. That is not what this body is about, and that is not what this country is about. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for her wise and compassionate concern and sharing of information. I want to remind us that there are so many vestiges of discrimination against the LGBT community, not the least of which is also denying them access to public accommodations. This isn’t what this country stands for. This isn’t who we are. We are better than that. So I am glad to have this opportunity to highlight some of our issues and concerns and the support that we have for the LGBT community. For everyone, anyone, and all of us celebrating this month, I wish you a happy Pride Month. Mr. Speaker, I conclude my Special Order hour, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. PAYNE (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and June 10 on account of business in district. 
UPDATED STATUS REPORT ON CURRENT SPEND ING LEVELS OF ON BUDGET SPENDING AND  