Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, this week, the people’s House celebrates National Police Week. We celebrate heroes like our colleague, DAVEREICHERT , who caught the Green River killer after 20 years. We celebrate heroes like Ann Carrizales from Stafford, Texas, who was shot in the face and near her heart and sped off at over 100 miles per hour to apprehend the thugs who shot her. We celebrate heroes like these young teenagers from my hometown of Sugar Land, Texas, who sold lemonade for cops because blue lives matter. We celebrate lives like Harris County Deputy Sheriff Darren Goforth, who last year was gunned down in cold blood—shot 15 times in the back of his head and his backside. He was pumping gas in his uniform with his cruiser. Heroes like DAVE REICHERT , Ann Carrizales, Darren Goforth, and young Texans selling lemonade have a message for America: Blue lives matter. 
MEDIA IGNORE RELEASE OF CRIMINAL IMMIGRANTS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a new report by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement reveals that last year the Obama administration released 20,000 illegal immigrants convicted of crimes into our communities. Together, they had committed 64,000 crimes, including kidnapping, homicide, drunken driving, and sexual assault. Instead of putting the safety of Americans first, the Obama administration often gives a free pass to violent criminals who are in the United States illegally. This report should have been national news. However, many outlets, such as the L.A. Times, Washington 
Post, and Associated Press, as well as the major television networks—ABC, NBC, and CBS—failed to cover this horrific report. The American people deserve to know the truth about our immigration policies and the damaging consequences of the Obama administration’s actions. When the national media intentionally fail to report the facts, the American people are the ones who literally suffer the consequences. 
TITAN ROBOTICS FROM TRINITY SCHOOL AT GREENLAWN (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Titan Robotics team from Trinity School at Greenlawn in South Bend. Next week, they will travel to California to compete in the Legoland North American Open Invitational Championship. I recently had the opportunity to speak with these students about their project, in which they were challenged to find new ways to help the environment. They discovered that recycling labels on plastic wrappers were often hidden or unclear, making consumers less likely to recycle. After hours of research, they proposed a solution: a new label with the recycle symbol that would wrap around the plastic wrappers on the outside, making it easier to see if the product is recyclable. And they proposed a different label to inform consumers if the product is not recyclable. Mr. Speaker, I commend these kids for their hard work and wish them the best of luck at their competition. I also want to thank the parents, coaches, teachers, principals, and everyone in the community who supported them. 
PRESCRIPTION DRUG ABUSE (Mr. HARDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, drug overdose is now the leading cause of accidental death in America, and prescription painkillers account for 40 percent of those 47,000 deaths. No one debates that these powerful medications can serve an important role in pain management, but we cannot ignore the ability to entrap innocent and unintended victims. That is why we are taking steps to protect those endangered by this epidemic. With bills passed this week, we are improving training and providing resources for medical providers and pharmacists, making sure that Federal agencies work better together, and reducing excess amounts of unused meds in the homes of patients with short term needs so that excess medicine can be available for those still in need instead of falling into the hands of children and family members. There is always more we can do and will do in the future, but today is the day that America has started on the road to recovery. f 
HONORING MAYOR JOHN G. WARNER (Mr. POLIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise before this body of Congress to recognize Dr. John Warner of Breckenridge, Colorado. John has served on the town council of Breckenridge for 14 years and the last 8 years as mayor. Being mayor of one of the country’s premier resort communities has its challenges, but John has guided his community through both growth and uncertainty with integrity and passion. His steadfast commitment to making the place that residents call home a better place is an inspiration to us all. The hallmark of John’s tenure was sustainability, and many important projects resulted from his efforts, like the new recycling facility, three solar projects, hybrid vehicles in the town’s fleet, and a sustainability certification program for businesses. Despite many complicated issues, John took each one with a calm assuredness and a balanced approach. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise to pay tribute to Dr. John G. Warner on behalf of the residents of the Second Congressional District and myself. His contributions to the town of Breckenridge will remain his legacy for many years to come. 
HONORING SERGEANT JOHN SCHULTZ (Mr. MCKINLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, this week is indeed National Police Week, a time to honor and commemorate the sacrifices of the courageous men and women who serve in law enforcement. They keep our communities strong and our neighborhoods safe. Today, I want to particularly recognize Sergeant John Schultz of the Wheeling Police Department for his 20 years of service and for always putting others first. Sergeant Schultz has not only been a proud police officer, but he has also served abroad in Desert Storm and Desert Shield. For the last 5 years, he has mentored local kids as a PRO at Wheeling Middle School. His selfless service was evident last year when on June 2, he dove into a public pool fully clothed in boots, shoes, and weapons to successfully rescue a student who was unconscious at the bottom of the pool. For this courageous deed and his admirable and respected career, he has been recognized by the National Association of Police Organizations for honorable mention for the prestigious TOP COPS Award. Let’s congratulate him for this honor and thank all of his law enforcement colleagues who dedicate their lives every day to the wellbeing of all of our fellow citizens. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 524, COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 725 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
amendments to S. 524 and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HARDY ). The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on House Resolution 725, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring this rule forward on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chairs and ranking minority members of the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Judiciary Committee. b0915 The rule also provides for an amendment in the nature of a substitute that consists of the 18 bills passed by the House this week to combat the opioid epidemic. Under the rule, if S. 524 is passed, it will be in order for the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee to request a conference with the Senate on the Housepassed package of bills. Let me just emphasize this again for Members so they will understand the process. What we will do under the rule, if S. 524 is passed, it will then be made in order for the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee to request a conference with the Senate on the Housepassed package of bills. Each of these 18 bills included in the House package passed the House with strong bipartisan support. The level of support for these bills is a sign of the recognition that something must be done about the opioid epidemic. You have seen Members who represent urban areas, Members who represent suburban areas, and Members like me who represent more rural areas support these bills. This problem does not discriminate. It is a nationwide issue, and it is taking a toll on communities all over our country. We need to act. With the passage of these bills, we are taking decisive action. The Senate bill, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, received unanimous support in that Chamber. I want to thank Senators PORTMAN and WHITEHOUSE for their leadership on that bill. The House bills include elements of the Senate bill as well as additional measures. It is my hope that the conference provided for by these bills will yield the strongest possible measure. We need strong, swift, and decisive action to address the growing crisis of the opioid epidemic. In the United States, more people die every year from drug overdoses than car accidents. As the debate has taken place here on the floor this week, I think the numbers have just been amazingly stark. When you realize that a statistic like that, when the deaths from drug overdoses surpass car accidents, then we are dealing with something that begins to put it in perspective. My home State of Georgia has 159 counties. In 2012, prescription drug overdoses led to deaths in 152 of those 159 counties, totaling 592 deaths. The opioid bills in the House package before us today help implement measures to prevent these tragedies. Addiction is happening far too often with devastating consequences. Further, it is shown that prescription opioid abuse often leads to heroin abuse, compounding the problem. In fact, according to the Centers for Disease Control, 45 percent of people who used heroin were addicted to prescription opioid painkillers. I mentioned this earlier in the week, but it is worth mentioning again now. I have had many conversations with sheriffs in my area in the Ninth District, which really runs on the I–85 corridor out of Atlanta and up into the northeast, and I keep in contact with them regularly. My background with my father being in State Patrol, I know the law enforcement community very well. One of the first questions I always ask them—and in my 10 years, I was in the State House for over 6 years, and I have been up here now into my second term—I always ask: What is the biggest thing that you are seeing? What is the epidemic or what is the issue you most see? Early on, it was methamphetamine. Especially in my rural area, my mountain area, methamphetamine still is very prevalent. But due to many of the restraints that were put in in Georgia— and I notice my friend here from Georgia as well—we worked in the State legislature to control the methamphetamine problem, and then the prescription opioid problem has developed. Now what my sheriffs will tell me and my law enforcement community and my city police and others will tell me is that heroin is by far their fastest growing issue that they are seeing. It is hitting not just urban areas, it is hitting suburban areas, it is hitting very rural areas, and it is hitting across the income gap. Those who have been addicted to prescription opioids now find that heroin is cheaper to purchase and is cheaper to access. The problem is, unlike many of the prescription opioid painkillers, the heroin issue is one in which they can take the first dose and it would be their last. This is something we cannot continue to look away from. In Georgia, heroin deaths have increased 300 percent. That statistic alone should be a call to action. Nationwide, the number of people it affects is staggering. CDC statistics on opioid abuse show 18,893 overdose deaths related to prescription painkillers, and 10,574 overdose deaths related to heroin in 2014. The opioid epidemic affects everyone. I believe that most people could tell you of a family member or friend who has suffered in some way because of this problem. And these problems aren’t only affecting adults. They are affecting collegeage students, high schoolers, children, and even the littlest among us, babies. Every 25 minutes in our country babies are born with a dependency. This is tragic. Babies born addicted to opioids often struggle to survive, have dangerous health complications, and suffer from serious withdrawals. These innocent children don’t deserve this. They deserve a life full of promise. Instead, they face lifethreatening challenges from the moment they are born. We can do better, and should do better. In fact, they suffer not only from the moment they are born, they are also suffering in the womb as well. This is an epidemic we have got to address. Importantly, several of these bills in the Housepassed package will help address this problem. For example, Congressman LOUBARLETTA introduced H.R. 4843, the Infant Plan of Safe Care Improvement Act. This bill requires the Department of Health and Human Services to distribute information to States on best practices to develop safe care plans for infants affected by substance abuse and withdrawal symptoms. H.R. 4978, the NAS Healthy Babies Act, introduced by Congressman EVAN JENKINS , requires a report on neonatal abstinence syndrome. Another bill in this package deals with the problems that youth athletes may face if they are prescribed opiates for a sportsrelated injury. H.R. 4969, the John Thomas Decker Act of 2016, introduced by Congressman PATMEEHAN from Pennsylvania, requires the CDC to study information and resources available to youth and families regarding the dangers of opioid use and abuse. Still other bills relate to veterans and how we can help them. For example, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act, introduced by Mr. SENSENBRENNER from Wisconsin, authorizes investments in veterans courts. I believe there is another conversation that is going on in Congress right now concerning our criminal justice and criminal justice reform and things that we need to do to make sure that not only are we not using our jails as mental health facilities, but we are getting people the help that they need. 
Some of the ways that you do that is found in treatment courts. Many of those are found in newer treatment courts, not just simply the substance abuse, but in veterans courts as well. We are going to continue to look at that. In doing so, H.R. 4063, the Jason Simcakoski PROMISE Act, introduced by Congressman GUSBILIRAKIS , directs the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to jointly update the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guideline, Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain. The bill also requires the VA to expand opioid safety initiatives. I am a chaplain still in the Air Force Reserve. I served in Iraq. I saw firsthand the scars that the battlefield can leave, both physical and mental. We need support systems for our veterans like the ones provided for in H.R. 5046 and H.R. 4063. We need to address their pain, and we need to ensure they have an avenue to get the help they need. I believe the bills this rule provides for will take steps to make that happen. Our veterans deserve our very best. We cannot discuss this package without mentioning the resources that this bill provides for law enforcement. As the son of a Georgia State Trooper, this component is critically important to me. The bill provides for law enforcement training. These measures also provide for the expanded use of naloxone by law enforcement. Naloxone can effectively reverse opioid overdoses, so it is a valuable tool to have on hand. Through the establishment of a comprehensive grant program that will provide resources to law enforcement, communities, and States, and combined with other bills, we have a real chance to make a difference here today. Mr. Speaker, addiction issues are often related to other cooccurring disorders, including mental health issues. Addiction claims victims, and addiction is a disease. We must not turn a blind eye to those in need. We must work to halt the opioid epidemic. We must act to prevent more deaths and to stop the growth and spread of this problem. The Senate bill, the Housepassed bill, and the motion to go to conference are steps towards doing that. These bills were brought forward due to the hard work of many Members. Over the course of this week, we have seen Members from every walk of life, representing people from every walk of life, come to the floor to speak on the opioid epidemic. Each and every one of these Members have made statements to show the depth and breadth of this problem to the real people that we are sent here to represent. Through the 18 Housepassed bills and the conference with the Senate, we have a chance to ease that problem, to actually combat it. These bills call for further studies to examine the response of the opioid crisis, provide support for doctors’ treatment of abusers, and also to help law enforcement efforts to combat drug trafficking. Neighborhoods and families are being torn apart by heroin addiction and opioid abuse. Communities like my home in northeast Georgia need help to address this problem. Through these bills, we are helping to provide that. Importantly, we are also providing enough flexibility so that States can determine what will work best for their specific populations and communities. Many communities, many Members, and many staffers have worked hard to bring together these important reforms. I want to thank them for their dedication and hard work. These reforms are a step in the right direction. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman for yielding me 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule today that provides for consideration of S. 524. As has been discussed on the floor this week, Mr. Speaker, our Nation is in the midst of an epidemic. While opioid abuse is nothing new, the numbers are getting more and more alarming. Addiction claimed over 28,000 lives in 2014 and drastically altered many more for the worst. All week we have heard stories from both sides of the aisle speaking to how addiction is breaking apart families and communities. Today we are considering a package of bills that will hopefully take some meaningful steps towards addressing this crisis. Prescription drug addiction is a very complex issue. There is no simple solution. It is a subject that deserves comprehensive debate and full consideration of ideas that Democratic and Republican Members have to be able to address: this public health crisis. While I and many of my Democratic colleagues are supportive of the underlying legislation, there are problems with the process that have locked out ideas that can save lives that are being prevented from coming to the floor under this rule. Of the 18 bills included under this rule, all but 2 were brought to the floor on suspension. What does that mean? It means no Members—Democratic or Republican—were allowed to amend or improve 16 of these 18 bills. The scope of the two bills that were brought forward in a manner that allowed amendments was so narrow that it closed out many of the amendments that we considered in the Rules Committee because they weren’t germane to these two particular bills. I find that very frustrating. It limits discussion on a major public health crisis, something that is an issue that is not at all partisan. Many bipartisan amendments that I will talk about in a moment, many ideas from Republicans and Democrats, were simply not even allowed to be considered in this process. Amendments that would save lives, amendments that families would be grateful for, and amendments that would reduce opioid abuse in our country are not even allowed to be considered here on the floor of the House. These were not amendments with an ideological agenda. Sometimes we are down here on a bill that is highly ideological and there are amendments that are locked out that would change it drastically or gut it. No, these are good faith efforts and ideas from the experiences that many of us have had back in our own districts as to how we can address this opioid abuse crisis that we are facing nationally. Among the amendments that should have been allowed this week and why I am urging my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule—one amendment that was locked out was a bipartisan amendment by Representatives ANNKUSTER  and FRANK GUINTA , my colleagues from New Hampshire, which is really one of the ground zero areas for this crisis, offered a bipartisan amendment to H.R. 4641 that would have allowed HHS to award grants to recovery community organizations. Their amendment acknowledges that recovery is a long road. For any of us, including myself, who have known people who have been in recovery from drug addiction, they know it is difficult. It is a real test of internal fortitude for them. Of course, their community and family need to rally around and support their sobriety. We need to be supporting not only prevention and initial treatment, but also lifetime support for the lifetime struggle to pull people out of the vicious cycle of addiction. This amendment that was blocked under this rule took the long view that, to address this crisis, we need the longterm support of recovery community organizations. b0930 Now, we know how pressing this issue is for our New Hampshire colleagues, Republican and Democratic. So why not open up this process to allow their idea to be debated on its merits? If Members of Congress found it lacking merit, of course, it would be the prerogative of Members of this body to vote it down; but at least have that debate, and I honestly think that it likely would have passed. Representatives KATHERINE CLARK  and EVANJENKINS offered a bipartisan amendment to H.R. 4641—again, locked out under this rule. We are not allowed to debate it, and we are not allowed to vote on it. Their proposal, very simply, would have authorized grants for the creation of comprehensive systems to provide support for prescribers with regard to patient pain and substance abuse. According to a study in the Journal of Opioid Management, fewer than half of primary care providers felt sufficiently 
trained in prescribing opioids. This would have helped address that training gap of prescribers so that they would less often use opioids and more frequently use alternative pain reduction prescriptions. It is our doctors and nurse practitioners and nurses who are on the front lines. They need to be adequately prepared to deal with patients in pain and with patients who are in the throes of addiction. Again, unfortunately, under this rule, KATHERINE CLARK and E VANJENKINS’ amendment is not allowed to be considered by this body. I, personally, offered a bipartisan amendment with Mr. ROHRABACHER of California that would have required the Pain Management Task Force, created in H.R. 4641, to take into consideration the potential for marijuana to serve as an alternative to opioids for pain management. Several private studies have yielded promising results. In 2014, the Journal of Pain found that those who suffer from chronic pain reduced their use of opioids by a significant margin when using marijuana for medicinal purposes. Marijuana likely won’t work in every instance where somebody has chronic pain, but, where it does, you have a far less harmful, less addictive option with much more limited side effects than opioids and painkillers. We shouldn’t be taking an option with limited side effects off the table when it could help free millions of Americans from excruciating pain and crippling addiction. Unfortunately, that amendment— simply an amendment to take into consideration and study the issue—was also blocked under this rule. Those are some of the many examples. As I mentioned, none of the amendments made it out of the Rules Committee, and our colleagues will not have the opportunity to weigh in on the House floor. A wide variety of amendments were blocked. From a process perspective, this is really irresponsible of this body, when responding to an epidemic of this complexity, to not debate and solicit ideas—bipartisan ideas, Republican ideas, and Democratic ideas—from Members of this body and to find creative solutions that can actually save lives and would be of great comfort to families who are affected. My other concern is that the majority has authorized, but has not funded or appropriated any of the programs under these bills. In February, the President submitted a proposal that would have provided $1.1 billion in new funding to address this epidemic in enforcement and treatment. Despite that, this bill has no funding for these efforts. Combating addiction is truly a bipartisan effort. When close to 100 Americans are dying from drug overdoses every day, we have to work together to change that. I think that, unfortunately, under this rule, while this might be some baby steps forward, we are falling short of the mark of really being able to put our very best thinking and very best solutions forward. According to the CDC, since 1999, the number of prescription opioids sold in the United States has quadrupled despite no discernible change in the pain that Americans are reporting. So in a 15year period, opioids are used four times as much. That is the precursor to this opioid addiction problem, and we need to do more to address that overprescription of opioids. In my home State of Colorado, the statewide rate of drug overdose deaths increased from 9.7 percent per 100,000 residents to 16.3 percent per 100,000 residents. Opioids were a major component of that. Nationally, there have been even larger increases. Since 1999, deaths from prescription opioids, like oxycodone, hydrocodone, and methadone, have quadrupled. So it is no surprise the number of prescription opioids sold in the United States have quadrupled and deaths have quadrupled. It is no coincidence that those numbers are similar. In 2014, almost 2 million Americans had some level of dependence on prescription pain relievers. This trend has especially dire consequences during pregnancy, which one of our bills addresses. In the last decade alone, over 130,000 infants were born with newborn drug withdrawal symptoms. Given the extremity of circumstances surrounding opioid abuse in this country, I am glad that this body is devoting some effort towards casting a critical eye on what we can do; and I am saddened that this body didn’t have a more open process to include many of the ideas, which I mentioned earlier, from bipartisan Members of this body and others that are simply locked out under this rule. The Committee on Energy and Commerce reported out 12 bills. The Committee on Foreign Affairs considered a bill to allow the Treasury Department to block international drug traffickers from using the U.S. financial system. The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs passed out a bill. I was also pleased that the committee that I serve on, the Committee on Education and the Workforce, took up a bill that I coauthored along with Representatives BARLETTA and C LARK and Chairman KLINE and Ranking Member S COTT and Representative WALBERG —the Infant Plan of Safe Care Improvement Act— which directs child protective service agencies to develop a safe care plan to closely monitor the health outcomes for infants who are born with this syndrome. The scourge of opioid addiction has touched families in my district and across the country. No State has managed to avoid it. I stand in opposition to this rule because, truly, we need to do everything we can to address this emergency, including debating good ideas, creative ideas from both sides of the aisle, and letting the Members decide, based on their own experiences, their own creative solutions as to what we can do to help combat this scourge that has affected our country. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), our only pharmacist in Congress, who, I think, has a very good insight into this. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his longtime support of these types of issues, both as a member of the Georgia State legislature and as a Member of this august body. Representative COLLINS has consistently and very diligently worked on these issues. As the son of a law enforcement officer, he understands all too well the importance of making sure that our communities are safe, and I thank him for his support of this. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this rule and of the House amendment to S. 524. This week, the House has worked hard to pass 18 bills that address almost every facet of the opioid abuse epidemic. We called for the creation of a task force to develop best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication. We have authorized grants for local and State agencies to better fight this epidemic through better resources. We have expanded care for newborn infants who are affected by illegal substance abuse. We have improved comprehensive opioid abuse treatment to pregnant and postpartum women. We have also created safety measures for the use of opioids when treating veterans who have chronic pain. I am proud of the measures this body has passed that make up the House amendment to S. 524. Mr. Speaker, our Nation is facing an opioid epidemic, and no community is safe. It affects all communities across the Nation whether they be urban, suburban, or rural. Serving more than 30 years as a community pharmacist, I have witnessed and participated in some of the greatest advances in the history of medicine. I have seen diseases that once required hospitalization become illnesses that are treated from home with medication. I have seen an antibiotic regimen that once required four tablets each day for 10 days replaced with six tablets over 5 days. I have seen a deadly disease, like hepatitis C, cured by medication in just 90 days. The advances that I have witnessed in medicine can truly be called nothing more than miraculous, and that is important. We need to recognize that this fight against the opioid epidemic is going to have to be a team effort. We are going to have to have everyone—all healthcare professionals—involved in this. Whether they be doctors, nurses, pharmacists, PAs, APRNs—whoever— they have to be involved. Families 
have to be involved. Our communities have to be involved. Our legislature has to be involved. This week, our Congress has taken the lead. I am very proud of that. I am very proud of the work that it has done. It is also going to take tools like the Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs. While a member of the Georgia State legislature, I had the honor of sponsoring the legislation that led to the creation of the Georgia Prescription Drug Monitoring Program. That program has been a great tool in our toolbox to fight the opioid epidemic. Since that time, we have tweaked that program and have made it even better, and it continues to get better. It continues to help us in our fight against the opioids. I mentioned the advances that I have witnessed in medicine. I am a big fan of the pharmaceutical industry—a big fan, perhaps its biggest fan. What I have witnessed, again, has been miraculous. I call on the pharmaceutical companies because right now there exists a gap, a gap in treating pain. Right now we have available to us medication such as ibuprofen and acetaminophen, and then we go to the opioids. There are very few alternatives in between there in that gap—in that void, if you will. Very few. Once you get past tramadol and a couple of others, there is nothing else for us to use, there is nothing else for us to prescribe. I have confidence in the pharmaceutical manufacturers, and I call on them to fill in that gap, to fill in that void. We need more alternatives, more choices. Whether it is true or untrue, I can tell you that many patients don’t believe that ibuprofen or acetaminophen, which you can buy without a prescription, will work as well as something that you can buy with a prescription. That is something we have to overcome, but there is definitely a void there that needs to be filled. Again, I am very, very confident that the drug manufacturers and that the pharmaceutical companies can help us fill this void, and I call on them to do just that. Mr. Speaker, as a lifelong pharmacist, I have seen the struggles firsthand that Americans face with opioid addiction. I have witnessed my colleagues in the pharmacy profession, some who just could not overcome that weakness and who succumbed to prescription drug abuse. I have witnessed that. I have witnessed it with patients. I have witnessed it with customers who have ruined their careers, who have ruined their families, and who have ruined their lives because of opioid abuse. This is an epidemic. Certainly it is something that has to be addressed in our country. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this measure so we can improve our efforts to raise awareness while working towards solutions to solve this health crisis. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I applaud my colleagues. This has been a very, very proud week for me to be a Member of the United States Congress. To see what my colleagues in this House have done this week—as a pharmacist, as a healthcare professional—has made me very, very proud. We did good this week, and I am very proud to be a Member of this House. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ), a member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Ms. BONAMICI. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the critical legislative efforts on the House floor this week to begin fighting the opioid crisis—an addiction crisis that has swept our country. There is much more work to be done to combat this epidemic. This is an encouraging start, but we must do more. Too many communities in Oregon and across the Nation have seen the destruction that is caused by addiction, and too many have experienced the heartbreak of losing a child, a neighbor, a friend, or other loved one to overdose. Last year, just in Portland, Oregon, there were an average of two opioid deaths per week. I think about Kerri, who is a mom from Knappa, in northwest Oregon. She lost her son, Jordan, after a 7year struggle. Jordan’s addiction began when he had a football injury in high school, and his doctor prescribed Vicodin. My own family has not been immune to this devastation. My brilliant and talented sisterinlaw, Valerie, struggled with chronic pain and struggled in her life with the many, many opioids that were way too available. She relied on them to dull that pain until she lost her life a few years ago. Countless families and doctors and nurses and public safety officers have all pleaded with us here in Congress to please act, to please save families from this loss and heartbreak. I am glad we have come together today to answer this call, but these are only the first steps. Healthcare and treatment providers must have the resources they need to effectively curtail opioid abuse and addiction, and that means robust funding and better research and better education. We have all stood on this floor today and called this an epidemic. Let’s treat it as such. Let’s continue building on this progress. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership. b0945 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, some of the things also we have talked about today are education and prevention. It is also looking at things that we can be a part of and do. As I have said earlier today, the things that have stuck out to me are some of the statistics that have jumped out. I mentioned the one earlier that more are dying from prescription overdoses than in car wrecks. Also, there are other practical ways that we can be a part. If you are suffering out there—and, Mr. Speaker, if there is someone who is going through this with either prescription opioid abuse or through heroin abuse and addiction—there are toolkits available. In fact, we have posted on our social media a place where people can go. It is from the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic. There are places where they can go to find a parent toolkit, where they can help their young children, also the young adults in their house, from middle school up through their 20s, on how we can best address some of these real issues. It was very disturbing to me recently in a magazine article that I read that someone who was addicted, not only to heroin but was going through it, made the statement—and this just shows you the concern that is here—made the general statement that they were— there was this adrenaline rush when they were getting ready to shoot the heroin—is that this may be the last time I shoot up. That was almost driving them to do that. To think about how that plays out, think about a young person who is so addicted and who is so wrapped to a drug that they really, when they go to put it in their body, knowing full well it could be the very last time they do anything, and yet that was part of the reason that they were doing it, that is just disturbing as we look at this. There are also many other things that have come out. I think, as we go through this—we had a constituent who, knowing what we are doing here today, had looked to the pharmaceutical industry and who found ideas that are out there, such as this one from a pharmaceutical company that is looking at abuseresistant opioids that don’t have the same problems as we see in some of the others, such as OxyContin and some of the others that we have out there. I think this is about proper management. I appreciate what Mr. CARTER  from Georgia said on dealing with this and finding that balance. I think when we have the study, especially on how doctors prescribe how pain medication is used, these are all the kinds of things that get us to a point in which we limit the good uses that they may have, but also of preventing the addiction and the preventative steps that are putting us in the situation that we currently have. So there are a lot of issues out here, and I think this is why this rule is effective. This rule is a good first step. It is something we move forward on. In doing so, I think we make a statement to the American people that we are looking to the problems that they are experiencing. We are addressing those needs, and we are going to continue to do so. If there is any indication that this was the last step, I think that is a misperception that is out there. This is 
a first step toward continuing this process. It will continue into the appropriations, I am sure, process as well. But these are the tools that we need to get into the toolbox right now and to be a part of that. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, this package before us cannot be the final word. Congress needs to approve funding to develop a comprehensive response to this epidemic and save lives. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that, in addition to including all of the opioid bills passed this week, which I do support, will also provide $600 million in funding to address the opioid epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ) to discuss our proposal. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for yielding, and I also thank the Representative from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) for his words. In New Hampshire, right now, we have a fourtimesgreater chance of dying from a heroin or opiate overdose than a car accident, as you have pointed out in national statistics. This morning, I rise to say that I am proud of what the House has been able to accomplish this week in a bipartisan way by working to address this critical challenge of substance use disorder that is devastating communities in my home State of New Hampshire and all across the country. Last year, I had the honor to cofound with my colleague from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ) the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic to address the critical problems that heroin and opioid addiction are bringing to every corner of my district and most parts of the country. The membership of the task force now includes 83 members, about half Republicans and Democrats, who are dedicated to fighting this problem. Last month, we unveiled a legislative package of 15 bills to fight this epidemic, and we are pleased that many of these bills and provisions have been included in the package this week. To mark the start of opioid week, we held a Special Order on Tuesday evening, when over 20 Members from both sides of the aisle came to the floor to share personal stories of friends and family who had been affected by the heroin epidemic. As part of the Special Order, I told the story of Carl, the son of a constituent and friend of mine, Sue Messinger. Carl, at 24 years old, was working hard in college. He wanted to become a dentist. He was a recent graduate. He earned good grades, and he had his eye set on applying to dental school. But it turned out, unbeknownst to his family, Carl had been using heroin. His was another face of addiction. When he finally spoke to his parents, they began the long journey with him to recovery. They were able to secure a place in a detox program, and they then moved toward his recovery. He was passing every drug test. He remained resolutely committed to avoid drugs and alcohol, and his family was overjoyed to see him get better. But when Carl came down with an upper respiratory infection shortly thereafter, a fatal error occurred. Unaware of Carl’s history of addiction and his recent completion of detox, the doctor who he saw for the upper respiratory infection prescribed a narcotic cough suppressant. Triggered by the codeine in the cough syrup, Carl’s addiction to heroin was instantly reawakened, and he could not resist the craving. He injected heroin and died that day of pure fentanyl, 50 times more powerful than heroin, in his own home. There were no labels on the bottle that indicated that the cough medicine could trigger drugseeking behavior. There was no way for Carl or his mother or his parents to know that the cough medicine could pose a fatal danger. Since his death, his mother, Sue, has spoken out about the need to reform labeling requirements. And I am pleased to be a sponsor of Representative WALBERG ’s bipartisan bill seeking to ensure that medical professionals have full knowledge of a patient’s previous opioid addiction. Sadly, that bill is not in the package of bills this week, and it is one among many that we will need to address at a later date. So I am hopeful that I can continue to work with the chair of this committee and so many others on the other side of the aisle to bring forward bills such as this that will make a difference in people’s lives. Earlier this week, I introduced the Drug Abuse Crisis Act that will provide $600 million in critical funding to finally address this heroin epidemic. I want to close my remarks by talking about hope. So many of the bills that we have passed will finally bring hope for recovery, for treatment, for longterm recovery to the families, to the users, and to our communities. This legislation will build and expand upon the work that we have done this week by dramatically increasing resources for medicationassisted treatments, funding competitive programs for law enforcement and for those hardest hit by this drug crisis. I am opposing this rule before us today and the previous question so that we can move to consider my Drug Abuse Crisis Act. Let’s bring hope to our families and communities, and please oppose the previous question. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I went through in my opening statement, I mentioned a good many of the bills that were part of the House package this week. I want to go back through just a few more that we went through just to let people know the breadth and scope of what we have been doing. H.R. 4982, Examining Opioid Treatment Infrastructure Act, is a bill that requires the Comptroller General to report to Congress on the inpatient and outpatient treatment capacity, availability, and needs in the United States. And that was by Mr. FOSTER of Illinois. We also have H.R. 4599, Reducing Unused Medications Act of 2016, from Representative CLARK of Massachusetts. We also have H.R. 4586, Lali’s Law, sponsored by Representative DOLD of Illinois. H.R. 3691, Improving Treatment for Pregnant and Postpartum Women Act of 2016, sponsored by Representative BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 3680, CoPrescribing to Reduce Overdoses Act of 2016, sponsored by Representative SARBANES of Maryland. We also have H.R. 1818, Veteran Emergency Medical Technician Support Act of 2016, sponsored by Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Again, as you see the breadth of what we are doing here and why I believe moving forward on this rule is important and going through, many times what we have said is: look, these issues all address specific needs. They all are encompassing of our body, as a whole, all 435 of us, because, as I read here, these were a mix of both Republican and Democrat bills that have been passed on this floor this week. So, as we look ahead, we look to the serious nature of what we are doing, it also really looks at the breadth and the scope of what we are dealing with here. This is why this needs to move forward today, why this package needs to be approved and also go to conference so we can continue to move forward with these ideals and with the things that have been put before us this week. We can do that by making a positive step and acknowledging the good work that has gone on here. I appreciate all of the speakers today on both sides of the aisle who have come forward to talk about this issue and talk about the real problems that we see that are occurring, really unfortunately, in kitchens and living rooms all across our country every day. So this is something that so many people can relate to. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Mr. Timothy J. Gagen of Breckenridge, Colorado. Tim is retiring from 40 years of civil service in municipal government. He has served towns 
and cities across Colorado, Illinois, and Indiana and recently received the Colorado City and County Management Association’s Lifetime Achievement Award. During his tenure in Colorado, Tim was instrumental in working with various entities, including the EPA, U.S. Army, Colorado State Health Board, and the U.S. Attorney General on two Superfund sites. Tim was influential in the formation and success of our Highway 70 Coalition, an organization of governments that works with the Colorado Department of Transportation to improve safety and reduce congestion along our important Highway 70, the main artery to our mountain communities. He spearheaded a crucial land exchange with the U.S. Forest Service that provided for muchneeded workforce housing, and we were able to get a bill passed here and signed into law to get it done. Tim’s steadfast focus on the most important elements to our community— the people who live and work in the area—resulted in the Breckenridge Vision, developed by citizens. Tim’s accomplishments are highlighted by two early learning centers, a scholarship program to assist parents from the county, and nearly 1,000 workforce affordable housing units in the town with a population of 4,500. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise to pay tribute to Mr. Timothy J. Gagen on behalf of the residents of the Second Congressional District. His contributions to the town of Breckenridge will remain his legacy for many years to come. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I inquire of the Chair how much time remains. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Colorado has 10 minutes remaining. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman from Colorado is prepared to close, I am prepared to close as well. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, there have been harrowing tales told here on the floor of the House, and there is no doubt opioid addiction is a segment of that. It is a public health crisis in this country that is hurting communities, hurting families, killing people. In 2012, enough prescriptions were written for opioids to give every single adult in this country their own bottle. Prescriptions for opioids have increased four times in the last 15 years. That is four times as many prescriptions. b1000 We need to do something. It is a start today. It is not enough. It is not enough. Unfortunately, these rules block out and prevent many creative and effective ideas from both sides of the aisle from coming to the floor. We also have missed the opportunity to provide funding to address treatment and enforcement. The fact that both parties in both Chambers have come together to tackle opioid addiction is a testament to how far the reach of this epidemic is. Every district has been affected; every Member of this body has taken note. I and many of us know families and individuals whose lives have been devastated or ended prematurely from the opioid crisis. It is crucial that we approach the problem from every possible angle: support for providers, training for law enforcement, wellfunded treatment centers, thoughtful policies for addicted parents, education for our youth, innovative dispensing technologies, alternative pain management therapies. There are so many ideas to consider. This rule packages 18 bills that address part of the problem together. Unfortunately, 16 of them don’t allow amendments, and the 2 that do, many amendments were ruled out for lack of being germane. Given the rate of deaths from prescription opioid abuse, we should allow a full debate of amendments and ideas on the floor of the House to address this issue. Yes, we are taking a first step today, but there is a lot more work to do to save lives and help families across our country. We need to fund these programs so they are not just words on a page. This is a very real issue with real implications for American families, and we owe it to American families across the country to have a more open and thorough process to do more to combat the opioid scourge. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can bring forward Ms. KUSTER ’s amendment, ‘‘no’’ on the underlying rule, and ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bills. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, just the other day I had an opportunity to speak to a longtime friend, and there was a general discussion about what was going on up here and the steps that were being taken. During this time, my friend began to list and talk about folks close to him that either had addiction to prescription pain medications or were dealing with the aftereffects of that problem. This came, frankly, out of nowhere and even to my friend, who basically said, ‘‘I had no idea.’’ And yet, within just the matter of a few weeks, he had found out within just his own sphere of influence that there were a number of people in his family and in his friendship connection who were dealing with this abuse. That tells you that this is something that a lot of times is hidden just below the surface, unfortunately dealt with in very private, very concerning ways, because so many times they are trapped in a cycle of addiction in which the addiction is found and then treated and it comes back again and it reexpresses itself in many different ways. As a pastor and as a chaplain, I have dealt with these issues before, and there is nothing more heartbreaking than to see someone who wants to break free from an addiction and break free from the abuse that they are perpetrating basically on their own body and to see progress made and then get a call or not see them for a week or two and then find out that they fell back into their old pattern or they unfortunately found a new addiction that has taken over. But when we come to the floor of the House—and we have spoken this week on 18 bills and the promise of the Senate bill and the promise of a conference committee going forward—it is saying that we have heard these sometimes silent screams, these sometimes silent tears of those who may not know how to deal with it but yet they are looking for ways. We have heard the anguish of law enforcement officers and first responders who come to scenes, and if they have the proper medication, if they have the proper treatments, then they can reverse some of these disastrous effects. Now we are making sure that we can get that to them, we can look for better ways of helping them do their job that they so heroically do every day. We are looking at ways of looking at a task force so that we can look at how we prescribe and how we treat pain and those things in people’s lives that are chronic and ongoing, how do we treat them better so that we don’t have to deal maybe with this addiction side and we don’t have to deal with possible aftereffects of that. We have to also look at our ways on how we deal with folks who are addicted and how we deal with them in treatment, not only from the veterans’ perspective, from the son or daughter perspective, from the mom or dad perspective, the aunt or uncle, even the grandparent perspective. How do we do that? How do we do it effectively? How do we make sure that when we get to our spending and we get to our appropriations and we make sure that these appropriations are going out that they are done so in appropriate ways? That is the function, I believe, of the Republican majority. That is why we are bringing this forward today as we are, is to make a difference in the lives of people but do so in a way that is constructive and ongoing. As we have heard today and over the course of the week, the opioid epidemic is out of control, but we have an opportunity to start addressing the problem. Again, the rule provides for consideration of legislation that will enact measures to address this problem through multiple avenues to ensure that we are taking a comprehensive approach to stopping this scourge. It 
takes important steps to address the serious and growing threat of opioid abuse. It keeps a promise that we won’t sit idly by while people continue to battle addiction and die. For that reason, I would urge my colleagues to support this rule, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, and the motion to go to conference on the Housepassed amendment in the nature of a substitute. This is something we can do. This is a very positive step in a week in which, for the most part, we have come to the floor to hear bipartisan unity in saying, ‘‘We will act.’’ Do not let this day go by because we may not have gotten everything that everybody wanted. It is the time to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the previous question, it is the time to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule, and it is the time to vote ‘‘yes’’ to move forward so that we can conference with the Senate and put together a product that can make not only this body proud but make the American people know that we have heard their voice. We agonize with them, many of us who have felt it firsthand. And in doing so, we are doing the people’s business. The material previously referred to by Mr. POLIS is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on adopting the resolution, if ordered; and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 232, nays 172, not voting 29, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—172 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Adams Bishop (UT) Bridenstine Ca´rdenas Fattah Fincher Forbes Garamendi Hastings Herrera Beutler Himes Johnson (GA) Kennedy Kirkpatrick Knight Latta Pascrell Payne Pitts Richmond Roskam Rush Russell Salmon Sanford Speier Stutzman Titus Whitfield 
b1029 Messrs. CICILLINE and DEFAZIO changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. POE of Texas changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 240, noes 165, not voting 28, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—165 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—28 
Adams Bridenstine Ca´rdenas DiazBalart Fattah Fincher Forbes Garamendi Hastings Herrera Beutler Himes Kennedy Kirkpatrick Knight Latta Olson Pascrell Payne Pitts Richmond Rush Russell Salmon Sanford Speier Stutzman Titus Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, my heart goes out to the thousands of American families affected by the opioid epidemic. I am pleased the House is working in a bipartisan manner to address this crisis. However, we could be doing more. The prescription opioid death rate has more than quadrupled since the late 1990s. In 2014, prescription opioids played a role in more than 28,000 overdose deaths. We must equip our communities with the resources needed to reverse these trends. Yes, authorizing new grant programs, reports, and studies is an important step, but without new funding, communities won’t be able to fully implement these initiatives. On Wednesday, the majority blocked a Democratic substitute opioids package which would have provided $600 million—paid for, I might add—to fund the initiatives we have considered this week. I understand the need to get our fiscal house in order, but I don’t understand the impulse to do so on the backs of millions of Americans grappling with opioid abuse. These bills are great, and I wholeheartedly support them, but we need to put our money where our mouth is. This epidemic does not discriminate. It has touched every corner of our Nation, from my hometown of New York City to the shores of the Pacific. So many Americans have already felt its impact. We need to do everything we can to keep it from impacting more of our families, our friends, and our constituents. We are on the right path, but, again, without money, this becomes irrelevant. We need to make sure that we have adequate funding so what we all want to do on both sides of the aisle can become a reality. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ). Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, it is past time to give our healthcare providers the tools they need to confront the growing epidemic of opioid abuse in our country. This is an emergency. As a doctor who has treated patients in northern Michigan for over 30 years, both in private practice and in the VA system, I know how urgent the need for immediate action is. The amendment to the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act that we are considering today will be a giant step forward in how we provide treatment and care for those suffering from opioid addiction. The bill will also improve the quality of care available to our Nation’s veterans. The rate of abuse for legal prescription drugs is significantly higher among our veteran population than it is in the general population, and this problem is only continuing to grow. We have an opportunity today to take a first step in fixing a major national problem and pass meaningful legislation that will help save the lives of thousands and thousands of Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and continue working together on bipartisan solutions for our Nation’s growing epidemic of substance abuse. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, this week, we have seen a number of wellintentioned bills come to the floor with good ideas on how we can address the Nation’s opioid epidemic that is sweeping our entire country. I was proud to lead one of those efforts with my good friend Representative BUCSHON with a bill that endeavors to lift the cap on the number of patients a provider may treat with buprenorphine to 250, while expanding prescribing privileges to nurse practitioners and physician assistants. This is a good bill, and it would make a real, immediate difference for individuals facing monthslong waiting lists for effective treatment, like the gentleman that I met last week when touring an addiction clinic in my district. He had struggled with addiction for decades and, after making the decision to try to get clean, was faced with a closed door and a 7month waiting list due to outdated Federal rules that our bill would have fixed. Unfortunately, when this bill came to the floor, we were told the cap language had to be temporarily replaced with placeholder senseofCongress language until we go to conference because our bill was going to cost too much. Now, when we talk about the cost of this bill, what we are really talking about is the fact that more people will have access to effective treatment and more lives—more lives—will be saved. It is an unfortunate truth that, in the distorted budgetary terms of Washington, dead people cost less than the living. So we can talk all we want and we can pass all the bills we want, but unless we put our money where our mouth is, we will simply be peddling false hope. We will be condemning more of our brothers and sisters to the death spiral of addiction when we could have done something to help. A sense of Congress won’t end monthslong waiting lists for effective treatment. A sense of Congress won’t get lifesaving overdose reversal drugs out to our first responders. If this Congress has any sense, as we move into conference committee, we will support this epidemic with the robust resources this country deserves for a real and meaningful response. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, the opioid and heroin crisis has hit home for everyone, impacting our coworkers, our 
neighbors, and our friends in every corner of this country. In Sacramento, my district, the deadly consequences of fentanyl are devastating our families. The faces behind this tragedy are people like 28yearold Jerome Butler, a young father whose life was cut short because of a tainted pill. The human toll of this crisis demands our leadership. This week, we took a step forward by passing a number of bipartisan bills to address the opioid epidemic, many of which we worked on in the Energy and Commerce Committee. b1100 But we can and must do more. We need new funding to confront this tragedy. My Democratic colleagues and I are ready to fund the President’s $1.1 billion request for this crisis. We need a real investment to meet the challenges our committees are facing every day. As we advance substance abuse legislation and continue our important work on comprehensive behavioral health reform, I urge my colleagues to focus on solutions that both adequately address the immediate crisis and longterm community prevention strategies. The families reeling from the tragedies of this epidemic deserve nothing less than our swift action and full support. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise this morning to speak in favor of the House amendment to S. 524. Over the last 2 days of floor debate, we have heard heartfelt speeches from Members of Congress about how the opioid epidemic is affecting their constituents and, for some, their own families. We have heard from both Democrats and Republicans, Members from urban districts, suburban districts, and rural districts, as well as Members from every region of the United States. What is clear is that no community has been immune to this crisis, including communities in my home State of New Jersey. About 256,000 New Jersey residents are addicted to heroin and prescription opioids. That is nearly the same as the entire population of Newark, the largest city in New Jersey. This is a serious crisis that demands an urgent response. A comprehensive solution to the crisis will require real dollars and must take an approach that targets the full spectrum of addiction: prevention, crisis response, expanding access to treatment, and providing support for lifelong recovery. The approach must be guided by science and cannot be deterred because of stigma or misperceptions about proven treatment and intervention strategies. I am pleased to support the package of opioid legislation that we are considering today because it takes steps towards that approach. This bill incorporates proven public health approaches to fight against the heroin and prescription drug abuse crisis. It improves the tools available to prescribers to prevent opioid abuse and the development of opioid use disorder. It expands access to lifesaving naloxone, an opioid overdosereversal drug, to respond to those in an acute opioid crisis. It expands access to evidencebased treatments to help individuals with opioid use disorders enter recovery. However, Mr. Speaker, I want to make clear we must go further to ensure that the scale of our response is proportionate to the burden of the crisis. We not only need to support individuals’ entry into recovery, we need to ensure that we provide access to the support and services that lead to lifelong recovery. We must also further expand access to bupe, or buprenorphine, an officebased, medicationassisted treatment for opioid use disorders. Currently, we do not have adequate treatment capacity to respond to the unprecedented demand for opioid use disorder treatment. That is why we need to expand upon the Opioid Use Disorder Treatment Expansion and Modernization Act to significantly increase the number of patients a physician can treat with this medication as well as permanently allowing nurse practitioners and physician assistants to treat patients with this medication. In the committee, Democrats voted to raise the cap to 500 patients for qualifying physicians with appropriate credentials. Additionally, committee Democrats and Republicans voted unanimously to permanently allow nurse practitioners and physician assistants to treat patients with bupe. I am committed to continuing to work with my colleagues as part of our conference with the Senate to ensure that we lift the arbitrary and harmful physician treatment cap and to ensure that nurse practitioners and physician assistants in every community can permanently use their skills and experience to serve those in need of opioid use disorder treatments in their community. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to be clear that we should not be under the illusion that we can adequately respond to this crisis without providing urgently needed resources. Waiting on the appropriation process isn’t suitable. Our States and communities urgently need money now. Additionally, we should not be forced to cut other discretionarily funded public health programs to provide resources for substance abuse programs. The discretionary funding caps have already left many of our vital public health programs underfunded. Forcing additional cuts to those programs in order to provide funding to respond to the opioid epidemic will limit our ability to adequately respond to the opioid crisis as well as to meet the remaining public health needs of our communities. We don’t have to guess how it turns out if we fail to provide the urgent, robust funding that is desperately needed. Sadly, the evidence is already staring us in the face. There will be more lives lost to the epidemic and will be thousands more Americans who will continue to be left behind to battle without the treatment and recovery support services they need. We are losing now, we estimate, 78 Americans each day, and we can’t afford anything less than a comprehensive wellfunded Federal response. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ to this legislation because I believe it takes important steps in turning the tide on this crisis that is taking the lives of 78 Americans every day. But I also urge my colleagues to support providing the financial resources and additional tools necessary to meet the burden of this crisis. I urge support for this package and once again stress that we are not providing enough funding. As much as I believe that this package is very important, I certainly would agree with my colleague on the Republican side how important it is. We are not providing enough resources. I hope that, when we go to conference and before this package goes to the President, we can provide the additional resources. I urge everyone to support the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I would like to emphasize that, as my colleague, the ranking member from New Jersey, indicated, we have made real strides this week in turning back the epidemic, but we agree it is not enough and it is not over. This fight is not going to be over. There is still more to be done. But I do hope that this week’s productivity will lead to more weeks where we can continue to engage in a healthy and robust debate about the issues that matter. This week has proven we are stronger as a body when we focus on the things that unite us and bring us together. Sadly, it shouldn’t take an epidemic or a national crisis to bring us together. This week has taught us that, with enough will and dedication, we can get to yes. The conference committee, which this bill will initiate, will need similar fortitude to swiftly come to a resolution on the differences we have with the Senate. That accomplishment is within our grasp. We have come too far to turn back now rather than let this issue languish. That is why I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill, support the motion to go to conference. Beyond the 78 Americans who are dying every day, we have 1.9 million Americans addicted to or abusing prescription opioidbased painkillers across the country. Because of their lives and their families’ lives, we must pass this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It has been quite a week. This week the House has passed 18 bills designed to address various facets of America’s opioid epidemic. Most recently, yesterday, the House passed by an overwhelming 413–5 vote the Judiciary Committee’s flagship bill. H.R. 5046, which was authored by Crime Subcommittee Chairman JIM SENSENBRENNER , creates a comprehensive Justice Department grant program to provide States with the resources needed to fight opioid addiction. It authorizes $103 million a year for 5 years for the grant program. It allocates precious resources responsibly by leveraging and streamlining existing programs and fully offsetting the legislation in compliance with the House’s CutGo protocol. In addition to that bill, the House passed four other Judiciary Committee bills this week to address drug abuse and protect American people. H.R. 5052, the OPEN Act, increases the transparency and accountability of the comprehensive opioid abuse grant program in H.R. 5046 by requiring grantees to report on the use of grant funds and requiring a publicly available analysis of whether the grants have achieved their intended purposes. H.R. 4985, the Kingpin Designation Improvement Act, protects classified information from disclosure when a drug kingpin challenges his designation as such in a Federal court. H.R. 5048, the Good Samaritan Assessment Act, requires the GAO to study State and local Good Samaritan laws that protect caregivers, law enforcement personnel, and first responders who administer opioid overdose reversal drugs or devices from criminal or civil liability as well as those who contact emergency service providers in response to an overdose. Finally, S. 32, the Transnational Drug Trafficking Act, improves law enforcement’s ability to pursue international drug manufacturers, brokers, and distributors in source nations. I am pleased that the House took up the Senate version of this bill. As a result, that legislation is on its way to the President’s desk to be signed into law so that Federal prosecutors can begin using that tool to pursue foreign drug traffickers. Along with the excellent legislation prepared by our sister committees, spearheaded by Chairman UPTON , Chairman MILLER , and Chairman KLINE, four of the Judiciary Committee bills will be included in the House amendment to S. 524, the Senate’s Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. As a package, these bills make substantial policy changes at the Federal agencies responsible for fighting addiction. They take real steps to address the opioid epidemic and provide real relief to a real problem affecting real Americans. Members of this body should be proud of these accomplishments. In addition to the committee chairmen I mentioned, I also want to thank Chairman HAROLD ROGERS , who spoke in support of H.R. 5046 yesterday and is a strong ally in the fight against elicit opioid abuse. I have no doubt that he will make every effort during this Congress to provide the critical funding authorized by the bills that have passed the House this week. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to sending this legislation back to the Senate and moving to conference expeditiously. Congressional action to combat the opioid epidemic is sorely needed, and there is bipartisan, bicameral support for these efforts. I thank my colleagues for their support and hard work. I urge everyone to support the House amendment to S. 524. I thank my colleague, the ranking member of the committee, Mr. CONYERS , for his hard work on this as well. This truly is a bipartisan effort. I commend all to support this motion to go to conference. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Members of the House, I rise in support of the House amendment to S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. Before starting out on the merits of the legislation, I want to commend the Judiciary Committee chairman, Mr. GOODLATTE , for shepherding our committee’s five bills to House passage. I also commend the subcommittee chairman, Mr. SENSENBRENNER of Wisconsin, for authoring the legislation that is largely responsible for bringing us together today. I also want to recognize the leadership of the Crime Subcommittee ranking member, SHEILA JACKSON LEEof Texas, who was an original cosponsor of the primary Judiciary Committee bill and who has helped us find common ground in addressing the issue of drug addiction and treatment. This week the House considered and passed a wide range of bills aimed at combating the devastating impact of drug abuse and addiction that is afflicting communities all across our Nation. We must take this action because our Nation is in the midst of a major public health crisis caused by an epidemic of prescription and opioid abuse. It is a crisis that affects Americans of all ages, of all races, and of all income levels. It has devastated communities across the United States. It affects families, the workplace, and also our Nation’s economy. b1115 Drug overdoses are now the leading cause of injuryrelated deaths in our Nation. In my State of Michigan, for example, there were 1,745 drug overdose deaths in 2014, and more than half of those overdose deaths were attributed to opioids and heroin. In fact, 78 Americans die from an opioid overdose every single day. Without question, this is a crisis that cries out for immediate relief. Fortunately, there may be effective solutions. For example, several States have undertaken various innovative measures to better respond to the rapid increase of individuals who are addicted to prescription opioids and heroin and to prevent individuals from dying as a result of drug overdose. As I mentioned only yesterday during debate with respect to our consideration of H.R. 5046, which has been incorporated into the House amendment to S. 524, this measure would fund new, innovative ways to address the nationwide epidemic of opioid drug abuse addiction. These innovations include, for instance, the Law Enforcement Assisted Diversion approach, which has been utilized with great success in two cities of which I know—in Seattle and in Santa Fe. Programs such as this diversion approach underscore the fact that we cannot arrest our way out of opioid abuse addiction. Treating addicts as criminals only makes matters worse for them and also for the rest of us. The diversion approach, which reduces, by the way, recidivism by 60 percent, is just one example of innovation at the State and local levels that we must encourage through increased funding assistance, and it is more evidence that treatment alternatives to incarceration work. The funding authorized under this measure would establish a competitive grant program to provide funds to State and local governments to continue and improve their efforts to protect Americans from the dangers of opioid abuse and heroin use; and it will help ensure that addicts have access to the services that are provided. These funds would support such initiatives as providing treatment alternatives to incarceration; fostering better collaboration between State criminal justice agencies and state substance abuse systems; providing first responders with the ability to purchase naloxone and to receive training on how to administer this lifesaving drug; establishing medicationassisted treatment programs by criminal justice agencies; in addition, investigating more of the illegal distribution methods of opioids; creating Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs; addressing juvenile opioid abuse, which is, unfortunately, increasing; and establishing comprehensive opioid abuse response programs. The House amendment to S. 524 also includes a number of important provisions that have been added pursuant to a series of amendments that were passed by the House only yesterday. In sum, these additional provisions expand the range of allowed purpose areas under the new program to more fully address the range of problems and 
solutions that are presented by opioid abuse. Whether we provide separate, new grant programs for each of these approaches or whether we consolidate them into one grant program, it is critical that we change our ways of addressing addiction. The scourge of drug abuse and its overwhelming impact on our communities requires us to address this problem not only immediately, but effectively. I thank all of the committees and individuals who have participated in this effort. Accordingly, I support House amendment S. 524. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I do not have any speakers remaining, and I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I support the House amendment to S. 524 because it will help address our Nation’s crisis of opioid abuse and heroin use. My support for this legislation is based, in part, on the fact that it includes H.R. 5046, which is legislation that I have worked on with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, that would provide critical grants to States and local governments, intended to prevent and treat opioid abuse addiction. Most importantly, I support this legislation because it would help save lives. The House amendment to S. 524 provides a comprehensive approach to the opioid substance abuse public health emergency that is currently ravaging our Nation. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , the Judiciary Committee, and Mr. SENSEN BRENNER , who mentioned yesterday that he had been working on this for 2 years. We have joined him as the original cosponsors in supporting this on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, of which I am the ranking member, along with Mr. SENSEN BRENNER , and this is a moment that all of us are appreciative of. Mr. Speaker, as I thought about this week, during which we are honoring police and we are also acknowledging those who have fallen in the line of duty, this bill, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, becomes even more important. This week, the House adopted a number of bills that, together, are intended to provide a response to the opioid crisis that is commensurate with the scope of the problem. Yesterday the House passed, by an overwhelming vote, the primary contribution of the Judiciary Committee’s to this effort, H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Reduction Act. I am an original cosponsor of that bill, and I was a cosponsor of the predecessor bill, both of which were introduced by my colleague, JIMSENSENBRENNER , the chairman of the subcommittee. I commend him for the years of work and persistence on this issue. I also commend Chairman GOODLATTE and Ranking Member CONYERS for their leadership, for it would not have been shepherded through the committee if we had not all worked together to find common ground on this very important issue. That has been the trend of the Judiciary Committee’s as we work on criminal justice reform, which includes sentencing reduction and prison reform—provocative, innovative bills that are going to change the lives of many of those who are incarcerated for many, many years. We are going to turn mass incarceration upside down and on its ears and cause it to be extinct. This new approach to opioids is part of that. This bill has no mandatory minimums. As we take the steps today which will allow us to engage in discussions with the Senate so that we may soon send a bill to the President for his signature, I am pleased of the progress that has been made. I can only hope that our work on sentencing reduction, prison reform, and juvenile justice will have the same kind of impetus and will wind up on the President’s desk. That is the vision, I believe, of many Republicans and Democrats in and out of this House. As well, it is the vision of the President’s; but, more importantly, it is the vision of suffering families’ who do not have their loved ones with them. The reason we must work together is that the leading killer of Americans today, which is drug overdose, started first by prescription use in many instances. Between 2000 and 2014, almost half a million people died from drug overdoses. That is a startling number. In 2014 alone, more than 47,000 people died of drug overdoses. The largest percentage of overdose deaths in 2014 was attributed to opioids, like prescription painkillers, methadone, morphine, and heroin. Specifically, 28,647 people overdosed and died because of an opioid in 2014. This is an emergency, and it is a combination of prescription painkillers and heroin. Prescription painkillers abuse is the strongest risk for the future use of heroin. That is our athletes or those who have had surgery—just everyday Americans who find themselves caught in the trap of addiction. Approximately three out of four new heroin users report that their use began with the abuse of prescription drugs. Heroin use becomes appealing to those who are addicted to prescription drugs because it is cheaper and easier to obtain, and due to its potency, heroin use tends to lead to addiction. We know that from the 1980s and 1990s with crack cocaine in that crack was a more potent extraction of cocaine, and we saw many of those individuals not get treatment. They actually only got incarceration. Heroin addiction is often deadly just as crack cocaine was in leading to overdose or to other chronic diseases. The rate at which the occurrence of heroin overdose deaths has increased is cause for alarm. In the 4 years between 2010 and 2014, heroin overdoses more than tripled. In 2013, 11 million people admitted to the improper use of prescription painkillers and, therefore, were at a heightened risk of becoming addicted. That is why we have worked together this week on legislation to put together something like an omnibus in order to reduce the risks of addiction and to fund appropriate treatment responses for those who abuse these drugs. The bill that was passed yesterday reflects the strategy by proposing to establish a grant program to be administered by the Department of Justice to assist States and local governments. It is important to note these statistics: the rate of deaths from heroin overdoses that account from the White population saw a 267 percent increase between 2010 and 2014; in African Americans, there was an increase of 213 percent in 2010 to 2014; in Hispanics, there was a 137 percent increase from 2010 to 2014; and in Native Americans, there was a 236 percent increase. No aspect of American life has been uninfluenced by the devastation of heroin overdoses and deaths—many of it impacting families whose young, bright, talented, athletic, and, otherwise, young people have fallen victim to this. This grant program is extremely helpful, for which I am very pleased, because it deals with monitoring the prescription drugs, and it deals with matching those who are committed to working with police officers. It is truly an important bill. Let me close by saying that we must have money to support all of this, and I am hoping that this will not be the last stop we will make. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this amendment to S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. This week, the House adopted a number of bills that—together—are intended to provide a response to the opioid crisis that is commensurate with the scope of the problem. Yesterday, the House passed—by an overwhelming vote—the primary contribution of the Judiciary Committee to this effort, H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act. I am an original cosponsor of that bill, and I was a cosponsor of the predecessor bill, both of which were introduced by my colleague, JIMSENSENBRENNER , the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime. I commend him for his years of work and persistence on this issue, and I also commend Chairman GOODLATTE and Ranking Member CONYERS for their leadership and work to find common ground on this very important issue. As we take the steps today which will allow us to engage in discussions with the Senate so that we may soon send a bill to the President for signature, I am pleased at the progress we have made. 
The reason we must work together is that a leading killer of Americans today is drug overdose. Between 2000 and 2014, almost half a million people died from drug overdoses. In 2014 alone, more than 47,000 people died of drug overdoses. The largest percentage of overdose deaths in 2014 was attributed to opioids—like prescription painkillers, methadone, morphine, and heroin. Specifically, 28,647 people overdosed and died because of an opioid in 2014. This emergency is compounded due to the perilous connection between prescription painkillers and heroin. Prescription painkiller abuse is the strongest risk factor for future heroin use. Approximately three out of four new heroin users report that their use began with their abuse of prescription painkillers. Heroin use becomes appealing to those addicted to prescription painkillers because it is cheaper and easier to obtain. Due to its potency, heroin use tends to lead to addiction. Heroin addiction is often deadly, leading to overdose or other chronic diseases. The rate at which the occurrence of heroin overdose deaths increased is cause for alarm. In the four years between 2010 and 2014, heroin overdoses more than tripled. In 2013, 11 million people admitted to improper use of prescription painkillers and therefore were at a heightened risk of becoming addicted to heroin—with its attendant risks and dangers. That is why we have worked together this week on legislation to reduce the risks of addiction and to fund appropriate treatment responses to those who abuse these drugs. The bill we passed yesterday, H.R. 5046, reflects this strategy by proposing to establish a grant program, to be administered by the Department of Justice, to assist states and local governments, particularly by helping criminal justice agencies to tackle the opioid problem from a variety of angles. This bill, included in this amendment, encourages the development of alternatives to incarceration that provide treatment as a solution to the underlying motivation for criminal behavior or conduct associated with mental disorders. We must make our best efforts to prevent individuals from moving from painkillers to heroin by making treatment for addicts more accessible by encouraging the use of evidence based programs, such as medicationassisted treatment. Lifesaving overdose reversal drugs, like naloxone, are most valuable in the hands of trained individuals who regularly come in contact with individuals who are prone to drug overdoses. This legislation will increase the use and availability of naloxone and other overdose reversal drugs to first responders. Addiction is a disease that affects the brain and eventually changes the behavior of addicts, causing them to experience mental health issues and encounter legal problems. Treatment is the most reasonable and effective approach to diverting these individuals away from homelessness and prison. There are also specific provisions we have proposed that allow for a wide range of services to be offered to our veterans who tend to suffer from mental health issues and addiction. I support this legislation because I believe that it will help save lives and prevent and treat opioid addiction. The approach Congress is taking with the crisis of heroin and other opioids is thoughtful and comprehensive. I hope it signals a departure from some of the failed approaches concerning other drug crises in the past. For instance, our response to the surge in crack cocaine in the 1980s was to enact draconian mandatory minimum penalties with vastly disparate treatment for crack and powder cocaine. At that time, we in Congress took action that we are still trying to rectify. At one point, more than 80% of the defendants sentenced for crack offenses were African American, despite the fact that more than 66% of crack users are white or Hispanic. As we work on other legislation to address the enforcement and sentencing disparities related to the crack issue, we must reexamine our approach to that and other drug issues. While law enforcement has an appropriate role and the bills recognize that, the bills we adopted this week and that we put forth as an amendment to the Senate bill today reflect a broader strategy that reflects the fact that this is an addiction issue. Accordingly, we are not raising sentences or impacting mandatory minimums but we are funding antiaddiction mechanisms such as treatment alternatives to incarceration. We are not adding to mass incarceration— with all of the related and devastating collateral consequences—but instead we are incentivizing state and local governments to prevent, treat, and heal. That is what we should be doing, and that is what we should have done for crack and cocaine addicts. With that history in mind and with the chance to take smarter and more effective steps now, I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues in the House—and in the Senate—to apply this more comprehensive approach, including treatment alternatives, to those suffering from crack and cocaine addiction. Yesterday, in my closing remarks on H.R. 5046, I stated my intention to ensure that we make progress on addiction not only involving opioids but drugs like crack and powder cocaine as well. As I express my support for this legislation, I urge my colleagues to work with me in this broader initiative as well as join me in voting for this amendment to the Senate bill today. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 725, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 400, nays 5, not voting 28, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Bass Bridenstine Burgess Ca´rdenas Fattah Fincher Forbes Garamendi Hastings Herrera Beutler Israel Kennedy Kirkpatrick Knight Latta Pascrell Payne Pitts Richmond Rush Russell Salmon Sanford Speier Stutzman Titus Whitfield 
b1151 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Pursuant to section 3 of House Resolution 725, the title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘An Act to authorize the Attorney General and Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, and to provide for the establishment of an interagency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I inadvertently voted NAY on passage of S. 524, as amended by the House. I strongly support S. 524, as amended by the House. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, because I was in Nashville, Tennessee attending my son Landon’s graduation from Vanderbilt University today, I was not present to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 190, ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall 191, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 192, and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall 193. 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, May 13th, I was absent due to obligations in the district. Had I been present for the day’s vote series, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 190, on ordering the previous question; ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 191, on the rule providing for the consideration of S. 524; ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 192, on approval of the journal; and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 193, on passage of S. 524 or the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016, as modified by the House amendment. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate concurs in the amendment of the House of Representatives to bill (S. 1523) ‘‘An Act to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the National Estuary Program, and for other purposes.’’. 
MOTION TO GO TO CONFERENCE ON S. 524, COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House insist on its amendments to the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General and Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, and to provide for the establishment of an interagency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the title of the bill. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Indiana? There was no objection. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to instruct conferees at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Esty moves that the managers on the part of the House at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendments to the bill S. 524 (an Act to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use) be instructed to recede to title III of the bill (relating to treatment and recovery programs). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XXII, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) and the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer a motion which would instruct the appointed conference committee to prioritize prevention, treatment, and recovery programs for folks suffering from prescription opioid or heroin addiction, but all of the good legislation that we worked on so hard this past week in the House is close to futile without appropriate Federal funding. It is all too easy for us to say we support helping folks who suffer from addiction to get the treatment and resources they so desperately need or to support community programs that spread awareness about the dangers of prescription drug use or to instruct and support medical professionals about the risks of opioid addiction, but it is time for us to put our money where our mouth is. This year, the President requested that we appropriate $1.1 billion to help the American people to prevent and treat addiction. It is time for us to act on that request. It is not enough to adopt important policies that we have this week on prevention and on treatment; we need funding. We must provide adequate Federal funding to prevent addiction from occurring in the first place by expanding our prescription drug overdose prevention strategies. We must provide adequate Federal funding to help save the lives of those who have intentionally or accidentally overdosed by improving access to the overdose reversal drug naloxone and support targeted enforcement. And we must help our local law enforcement by supporting targeted enforcement activities. Families across my district in Connecticut and across this great Nation are reaching out to our offices asking for support and help, asking us to come together and to address this public health crisis. Recently, I was contacted by a family from my hometown about a young woman who was a classmate of one of my three children. They have lost track of this young woman. She has fallen into the grips of addiction and has disappeared for years from her family. They are trying to seek her out, find her, and get her treatment. We were successful in finding her in a court. We were successful in getting her a bed. Sadly, she turned down treatment at this time. That is the story of what addiction does to families. We are hopeful that she will heed the voices of her family, that she will come back in and get treatment. But that is also why prevention matters. Because it is so hard to treat addiction, we need to do everything we can to prevent folks from getting addicted in the first place. That is why some of the provisions I included in this bill are so important: 
to make sure the public understands the risk of prescription drug addiction, to make sure that our medical professionals get continuing medical education to understand their responsibility to look out for their patients, to seek out alternative pain management strategies, and to understand those risks. The sad truth is we don’t have enough treatment beds. The sad truth is we don’t have dissemination of best practices. The sad truth is we don’t have the funding right now to address this crisis in the way that the American people want and need us to do. So let’s work together. Let’s work together to prevent our children, our families, and our friends from being so poisoned by this addiction on our streets. We can’t do it without funding. It is just unfair. Not just unwise, it is unfair to claim credit for solving a problem and addressing it without the funds that need to go there. So let’s work together to provide funding. In our conference with the Senate, let’s seek to put the resources there to back the wonderful policies that we adopted this week in this House. So, again, I urge my colleagues to support this motion to instruct our conferees. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ). Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, my good friend, the gentlewoman from Indiana, for her important work on this legislation. I rise in support today of S. 524. Mr. Speaker, an astounding 78 people die every day of opioid overdose in America—78 people each day, 78 families crushed in the wake of this epidemic. And that will continue to leave devastation in its path unless we act. b1200 Austin, a city in my district, is all too aware of opioid addiction’s devastating consequences. It has become the epicenter of an HIV outbreak connected to opioid addiction. The community of Austin is rallying to that crisis, but Hoosiers aren’t the only ones suffering. That is why this week we came together as a House to pass 18 bills to tackle this epidemic, including the bill we are debating right now. These bills are an important first step. We must continue to work together to end this devastation and help the families crushed by this crisis. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES), my friend and fellow Nutmegger. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to join my colleague from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) in supporting this motion to instruct because this is an issue that deserves not just the attention and the focus of the House, but it deserves a meaningful commitment of resources to address the problem that is plaguing every town and city in Connecticut and in this country. Mr. Speaker, this year we will see 30,000 fatalities to this opioid crisis. In the 20 years of the Vietnam war, from 1955 to 1975, this Nation suffered just shy of 60,000 fatalities in the entire Vietnam war. In 2 years, the opioid crisis will claim more Americans than died in the Vietnam war; yet, we this week—and I salute the majority for acting on the opioid crisis—decided to make roughly $106 million available to this scourge. For those watching at home, we didn’t actually make that money available. In Congress, we authorize—which says, legally, you can spend the money—and we appropriate. Appropriate is actually when we take out the checkbook and write the check. And just to be clear for the American people, we authorized, but we did not appropriate. So, again, I salute the majority and I salute the bipartisan tenor that we have had this week in addressing this very, very serious problem through so many bills, but now is the time to actually put our money where our mouths are. The reason for this is the number I gave you earlier: 30,000 Americans every single year. I spoke earlier this week about a young man from my district named Alex Recupido, a 2010 graduate of Trumbull High School. He was a young man and was on his way to becoming a nurse. He had moved to Florida to pursue that career when, in 2014, he fell prey to a heroin overdose that, like so many of these things, started with the abuse of prescription opioids and moved into a heroin addiction and then, of course, a tragic end, as so many Americans have experienced. There were 415 in my small State of Connecticut. I had the opportunity to speak to Alex’s mom this week. Like so many of these cases, there were any number of steps along the way where this horrible outcome could have been prevented. People knew that he had a problem, but nothing happened with treatment and recovery to stop the outcome of this young man dying in Florida in 2014. Thirty thousand is a big and abstract number, but I wish you could have heard Alex Recupido’s mom, who has now devoted her life to working and advocating for us to do our jobs to commit the resources we need to commit to address this opioid crisis in this country. I wish you could have heard her. If you had heard her, we would probably be working through the night tonight to make sure that we adequately address this unbelievable problem. This is really about treatment and recovery. It is about training our first responders. And let’s face it. We can use a lot of words and we can talk about money, but until we write the checks to help our States and our municipalities and our treatment organizations and recovery organizations to actually make a difference on the ground, we are just talking. I salute that. And I do salute the majority for devoting this week to these really, really important bills. But I also hope that we can do better than talking about $106 million and, through this motion to instruct, actually put the resources that we need on the table to try to stop those 30,000 deaths that are going to occur this year unless we act in a meaningful way. So again I salute the majority for prioritizing this week, and I thank my colleague, ELIZABETH ESTY, for offering this motion to instruct. I hope we can get behind it and I hope we can actually do something good for an awful lot of tragic outcomes that will happen otherwise. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This legislation was crafted in collaboration with colleagues from both sides of the aisle and it is in the best interest of the American people as a whole. Regardless of which side of the Chamber we sit on or which State we represent, the number 78 has come up time and time again. Those are 78 Americans who are dying of heroin and opioid epidemic every single day from communities large and small, rural, urban, from coast to coast. It is time we come together, as we have done this past week, on behalf of the millions of Americans and their families who are struggling with this horrible epidemic and desperately need our help. The Senate has acted and now the House has put forward a powerful bipartisan package that reflects our priorities. This will not be all the work we do together. So the package of bills that we have done will not be all that this Congress does forever. Together, in conference, we can enhance our collective response to this crisis. I look forward to resolving the issues that have been raised by my colleagues across the aisle with our Senate colleagues, and I look forward to the conference committee, where we will resolve so many issues on behalf of the American families and people who have lost loved ones to this crisis. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as previous speakers have already noted, 30,000 Americans are likely to die this year from drug overdoses. In the small cities in my district, like Waterbury, a town of about 100,000 people, 38 people died last year from drug overdoses. In New Britain, Connecticut, it was 31 people. Each one of those individuals had friends and family and loved ones. Each one of those deaths was mourned. Each one of those deaths was an unnecessary tragedy. 
Our constituents send us to Washington to work together to solve problems, and this is the most basic and fundamental issue we deal with, literally, matters of life and death. I am pleased that my good friend, my colleague from Indiana, SUSAN BROOKS , has worked so hard and that the majority has worked hard with the minority this week on it. But at the end of the day, our budgets are also our priorities. We have to find a way to provide the resources so that these wonderful programs and the good policies that we adopted this week are reflected and put into place to actually save lives. We cannot claim credit for good policies when we do not provide the resources to the first responders on the streets, to the substance abuse counselors, to the coaches who need to understand the risks for their young athletes, to parents to understand those risks, to our dentists who are doing wisdom tooth extractions. All our work is for naught if it is simply a bill passed that appears in lawbooks. Our job is not yet done. So I urge my colleagues in the strongest possible way to continue our good work and to put into effect the resources so that these policies adopted in the Senate and the House have the impact we all want and the American people need, which is to help save lives, to prevent our fellow citizens from becoming addicted to prescription drugs or to heroin, and to actually help them remove themselves from that addiction and return to life in its fullest form. So, again, I urge my colleagues to take these instructions and take this charge to heart in the meeting in the conference committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to instruct. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to instruct. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, MAY 13, 2016, TO MONDAY, MAY 16, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, May 16, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Indiana? There was no objection. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ANN DAY (Ms. MCSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to honor the life of Ann Day, a dedicated public servant of southern Arizona who was tragically killed last weekend in a car crash. Ann was the sister of former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, but that did not keep her from making a mark on Arizona that was uniquely hers. She came from a ranching background and brought a ‘‘cowgirl commonsense’’ approach to problem solving that marked her many years of service. Ann represented Tucson in the Arizona State Senate for 10 years, followed by 12 years as a Pima County supervisor. Her efforts led to the establishment of local landmarks like the Rillito River Path and Brandi Fenton Park, where a memorial service in her honor will be held on Saturday. She also will be remembered for her love of nature and substantial conservation efforts in Pima County. Thanks to her, generations of people from across our country will continue to be able to come to southern Arizona and experience the breathtaking landscapes that we call home. She is truly someone whose impact and legacy will live on far beyond her years and someone who will be deeply missed by many in our community. 
AUTHORIZED USE OF MILITARY FORCE (Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to challenge this House to live up to our constitutional duty to debate the ongoing war in the Middle East. For nearly 2 years, our brave servicemen and women have been fighting yet another war. As they face snipers and mortar rounds, incredibly, some claim that they are not in combat. How can we claim this is not combat? And, worse, how can we ask them to go to war when Congress cannot muster the courage to debate it and authorize it or not? The last four Presidents have bombed the Middle East with little or no congressional oversight. Will we allow a fifth President to continue these wars unchecked? As the National Defense Authorization Act comes to the floor next week, I submitted an amendment to force a debate on this war and repeal the 2001 blank check for endless war that got us into these perpetual wars. As you can see, the Congressional Research Service has indicated that this 2001 resolution has been used over 37 times. These are some of the areas in which that has been used. That is just wrong. The Rules Committee should allow this important debate to come to the House floor. Mr. Speaker, let us debate this war, its costs, its consequences, and talk about a real strategy to end ISIL’s reign of terror. f 
NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I rise to recognize the month of May as National Foster Care Month across our Nation. In fact, I was proud to sign on this week to the legislation creating this distinction. National Foster Care Month was established more than 25 years ago to bring foster care issues to the forefront, highlighting the importance of permanency for every child and recognizing the essential role that foster parents, advocates, and social workers play in the lives of children in foster care across the country. With nearly 415,000 children in foster care across America, it is safe to say that we all know a child in foster care. Furthermore, I want to recognize the families who have selflessly decided to open their homes to these boys and girls, providing good homes at a very challenging time for these young people. Madam Speaker, the foster care system has and always will hold a special place in my heart. When I was 11 years old, my family welcomed a foster care child, Bob, into our home. Bob, throughout the years, has taught me so much and will be my brother for life. 
b1215 HONORING OUR NATION’S POLICE OFFICERS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Madam Speaker, last night, my colleague, Congressman REICHERT , had a Special Order honoring our police officers for National Police Week here. And though I had wished to take part in that, I wasn’t able to; but I certainly feel the need and desire to honor our police officers across this country for what they do, for being on the line for all of us here, and sometimes being unappreciated for that in a strange media setting that we have these days. We hearken back to 2014, when 136 officers lost their lives. Fresh on our mind in northern California is the loss of two of our Placer County officers, Michael Davis and Danny Oliver, in a terrible runandgun situation that was going on with a released inmate. These 
two officers served many years in their role for the people of Placer County and northern California. Like them, many others around the country have lost their lives in the line of duty to protect us. We need to honor them. We need to be behind them at all times. The thin blue line is between us and a lot of really bad things in this Nation. They go to work each day willing to pay the price, if it is necessary. We honor them. In the midst of everything going on these days in the news and the media, it is important that we always remember their sacrifice, and stop and thank them, and get to know them as they are trying to get to know the people in the community. We find out they are just human like us and are after the same things, as Americans. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR CARL WHITMARSH (Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Madam Speaker, I stand today in the well of the House to pay tribute to a great and noble American, a person who gave a lot to his country. He was a loyal Democrat. He was a Democrat’s Democrat, but he was more than that. He was a person who was a voice for the voiceless. He was one of those persons who had a publication that was widely circulated in Houston, Texas, and this publication was the means by which those of us who could read the front page, but not understand the rest of the story, we could acquire that intelligence by simply reading his words. He made things not only clear, but perspicuously clear. He was a person that went out of his way to get truth to those who would be confused, if not but for what he would do. So I am honored to say that Carl Whitmarsh was a great and noble American. But I am also honored to say that he was a person who made it very much possible for the Democratic Party to thrive in Houston, Texas. Lane Lewis, who is the current chair, benefited from his presence. He and Lane worked closely together. In fact, it is very difficult to think of him and not think of Lane Lewis. Carl Whitmarsh, Lane Lewis. Carl, may you rest in peace. I will now ask for a moment of silence in his honor. 
UNLEASHING AMERICA’S ECONOMIC POTENTIAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. WOODALL. Madam Speaker, I want to begin by yielding to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. ZINKE), one of the great freshmen here leading our institution. 
Mr. ZINKE. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of Rear Admiral Brian Losey, the current commander of Naval Special Warfare Command, our Nation’s top U.S. SEAL. He is entrusted with the honor of commanding all SEALs, all special boat units, and all support staff across this great country and across many theatres. I have had the privilege of serving with Brian Losey, SEAL Team 6, Red Team, and I can tell you that Brian is an outstanding officer. It is an obligation of every officer to take action when he sees wrong, and Brian Losey did just that. He saw a problem and took action. He took decisive action because he knew the actions of others around him were wrong. Yet, once again, an entrusted, entrenched bureaucracy was allowed to hide behind threats, hide behind whistleblowers, hide behind rules that were intended to protect command and not to erode it. And yet, those accusations discredited a great officer and the head of the United States Navy SEALs. I understand these protections are important, and they are necessary, but we cannot allow such protections to go against accountability and against the sanctity of command. In this case, the Navy reviewed the investigation on Admiral Brian Losey. They found him to be innocent and wrongfully accused. I have seen the evidence and went through it line by line. I fully support the Navy’s conclusion and believe that they properly reviewed this case. The DOD had different conclusions, and I believe those DOD conclusions from the IG are flawed and are cherry picked. Admiral Losey is highly regarded by his subordinates, all of the Naval Special Warfare community, and all SEALs who have served with him and under his command. This includes the Navy SEAL standing before you. I have known this man and his family for 30 years. Let me just give you a snapshot of Admiral Losey’s leadership under his command of Naval Special Warfare. The SEALs, and those under his command, have executed 654 total missions, have killed 461 highvalue targets—every one of those targets, if given a chance, would do grievous harm to our Nation—have captured 60, wounded 32, rescued an American hostage, deployed an average of 250 days of the year. In 2015 alone, in Iraq, Naval Special Warfare Command and its components were responsible for the killing or capture of over 3,000 enemy combatants. Admiral Losey personally deployed to Operation Inherent Resolve, Operation Enduring Freedom in the Trans Sahara. He has deployed to 30 countries. Naval Special Warfare forces under his command are deployed to 70 countries across this great globe. They advanced partner forces’ security capabilities, training over 6,000 of our allies. Madam Speaker, America, our men, women, and children, both at home and abroad, are able to sleep at night due to the leadership of Admiral Losey and those forces that he commands. Admiral Brian Losey, I thank you for your dedicated service to this country. As a former teammate and United States Navy SEAL, I am proud of all that you have done for our community, for the United States Navy, and our grateful Nation. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Rear Admiral Brian Losey, the current Commander of Naval Special Warfare Command, our Nation’s top U.S. Navy SEAL, entrusted with the honor of Commanding all Navy SEALs. I had the privilege of serving with Brian in the SEALs and am proud to call him a team mate. It is the obligation of every officer to take action when they see wrong, Admiral Losey did just that. He saw a problem and took action. Yet once again, our entrenched bureaucracy has allowed senior civilian individuals to hide behind anonymous accusations and whistle blower protections, in an attempt to discredit a great man and coverup their transgressions. While these protections are important and necessary, they cannot be allowed to be abused or shield them from being held accountable. In this case, after the Navy reviewed the investigation of Admiral Losey, they found him to be innocent and wrongfully accused. I have seen the evidence. I fully support the U.S. Navy’s conclusion and believe they properly reviewed the case and fairly adjudicated this matter. Admiral Losey is highly regarded by his subordinates and all of the special warfare community as a true selfless and humble leader. This includes the Navy SEAL standing before you that has had the honor to serve with him and know him for the last 30 years. He has sacrificially served our nation with distinction and honor. Let me just give you a snap shot of Admiral Losey’s leadership under his command Naval Special Warfare Forces have: Executed 654 total missions. Killed 461 High Value Individuals. Captured 60, Wounded 32. Rescued an American Hostage. Deployed an average number of 250 days. NSW strives to maintain a 1:3 deployto dwell ratio. In 2015 Iraq alone, NSW was responsible for the coordinated capture/kill of over 3,000 enemy combatants. Participated in Operation Inherent Resolve, Operation Enduring Freedom (AFG/PI/H0A/ TransSahara). Deployed to 30 countries as Crisis Response Forces. Deployed to 70 countries to support 550 training events for allied and partner nations, advancing partner forces’ security capabilities, ultimately training approximately 6,000 foreign partner and allied military personnel per year. American men, women, and children, both at home and abroad, are able to sleep soundly in their beds due to the leadership of Admiral Losey and the actions of the men and women he leads. 
investigation revealed that the COMSEC oversight portion of the internal management program was falsified with backdated compliance checklists, and an unsupported statement of compliance. Staff processes, staff function and compliance, fell squarely in Mr. Jones job responsibilities. Again, Rear Admiral Losey handled the correction of this issue administratively at the lowest level possible. By all evidence reviewed, it appears that Rear Admiral Losey did his best to ensure that SOCAFRICA was able to provide critical support to service members deploying into complex security situations and at risk, while preserving Mr. Jones equities as a civil servant. These areas included Somalia and boundary states, South Sudan, Libya, Uganda and countries impacted by the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA) and Joseph Kony, as well as a dozen more countries in the TransSahara and Islamic Maghreb regions—areas where Al Qaeda and Boko Haram were spreading. Civilian A, a named party in the allegations against Rear Admiral Losey, served as the SOCAFRICA Executive Officer (XO), and was a retired Army Major. He was subordinate to and rated by, Mr. Jones. He was the primary unauthorized approval authority for Mr. Jones’ pay benefits as revealed in the broadly scoped, command wide investigation into the matter. As XO, Civilian A was properly detailed in accordance with his job description and duties to assist Mr. Jones in completing the body of instructions and policies necessary to define and formalize SOCAFRICA’s staff processes and functions. Along with Mr. Jones, Civilian A satisfactorily completed this task with persistent management oversight months after the agreed suspense date. In accordance with personnel policy, he was given ‘‘successful’’ evaluation marks in a report rendered by Losey. This was Losey’s first report on the member, and was not a ‘‘lowering’’. As with Mr. Jones, a performance improvement plan was not required, and is triggered when a member is assessed to be ‘‘failing’’. As reflected in evidence submitted to DoD IG by RMOS, Civilian A had repeated clashes with senior management officials, and was constant in his efforts to assert alternative realities of discussions and agreements. He was particularly resistant to direction to removing his liquor displays from the government workplace. At the request of Civilian A, and as agreed to at the outset of the detail period, Civilian A was moved to the SOCAFRICA Directorate for Plans (J5) upon completion of his work detail with Mr. Jones. As there was no civil servant position available for him in the J5, Rear Admiral Losey and management officials ensured his placement by creating a GS–13 noncompete billet in the J5 to support and ensure Civilian A’s professional placement and development desires. DoD IG instructions require that investigators assess the motives and character of witnesses. In the case of Civilian A and Mr. Jones, it is apparent that the whistleblower complaint against Rear Admiral Losey was likely not triggered by the distant allegation of a travel infraction, but more proximately triggered as a shield to the long standing misconduct associated with padding their compensatory time and overtime pay benefits, and circumventing the very processes they were accountable for instituting and enforcing in SOCAFRICA. DoD IG questioned Losey on a ‘‘locker room’’ discussion from which nearly every quote that is attributed to Losey and his alleged reprisal motives emanate. After misrepresenting Rear Admiral Losey’s transcribed testimony in preliminary reports, and after separate questionings a year apart, DoD IG concluded that they could not substantiate that any ‘‘locker room’’ discussion occurred—this was revealed finally as an allegation made by Civilian A as a ‘‘one on one’’ conversation. It is a significant concern, but likely an simple administrative oversight to see the elements of a conversation that could not be substantiated cascaded through every DoD IG investigative report as though they actually occurred. It is equally concerning that DoD IG enables these complainants seeking the title of ‘‘whistleblower’’ to exercise a seemingly unlimited dominion over truth and forthright character. Civilian A, as an Army Officer and Battalion XO, ordered a cover up in advance of a CID investigation into a drowning death of an Iraqi citizen. He later testified on the matter in exchange for immunity from prosecution, while soldiers from the Battalion that followed his orders were tried in court. Civilian A’s character is well chronicled in the book ‘‘Drowning in the Desert’’ by V.H. Gambera. He was ultimately censured by the Chief Staff of the Army for obstruction of justice. These motive and character assessments are clearly relevant. I reviewed the separate investigation into Rear Admiral Losey’s leadership, as referenced by Admiral (ret) McCraven. Rear Admiral Losey’s effectiveness as well the respect he generates in mission execution is well documented. Additionally I note that he has exceeded DoD and Navy averages for every command climate assessment area based on DEOMI Survey records. I commend the Navy for its careful and forthright review of relevant evidence in this matter. Mission execution and ensuring proper support of service members in harm’s way while bringing SOCAFRICA’s processes and compliance to acceptable levels were evident drivers in RMO and Rear Admiral Losey’s actions, and clearly supports the Navy’s adjudication conclusions. I am deeply concerned that three and a half years of investigating, over 100 witness interviews, and 300,000 emails were digested to produce biased reports at the near complete exclusion or distortion of the testimony, evidence, and documentation that provided credible support and justification for the actions of RMO’s and for a commander’s duty obligations and responsibilities. I am equally concerned at the disregard for timeliness in the execution of these investigations, and note there is still a ‘‘phantom investigation’’ open for over a thousand days? There are also legitimate concerns with DoD IG’s handling of sensitive case material and its’ release to the media. There is something seriously amiss at DoD IG. Finally, I wholeheartedly agree with my colleague Senator GRASSLEY —there needs to be an independent, in depth investigation into the Deputy IC for Administrative Investigations, Marguerite Garrison. I have substantial misgivings in the integrity, investigative practices, timeliness, and compliance under her leadership in this matter based on my review. 
[From the Tampa Tribune, Apr. 24, 2016] (By William H. McRaven) When I was a young boy my father, a veteran of World War II and Korea, schooled me on the downfall of Gen. Douglas MacArthur. MacArthur, he explained, had overstepped his authority and shown blatant disrespect for the civilian leadership of the country. President Harry Truman relieved him of his command, and MacArthur retired soon thereafter. Civilian rule of the military was one of the most fundamental principles of the armed forces. To believe differently was dangerous, my father told me. Dad strongly supported Truman’s action, and he made me understand the value of the civilmilitary relationship—a lesson I never forgot. But over the past decade I have seen a disturbing trend in how politicians abuse and denigrate military leadership, particularly the officer corps, to advance their political agendas. Although this is certainly not a new phenomenon, it seems to be growing in intensity. My concern is that if this trend of disrespect to the military continues it will undermine the strength of the officer corps to the point where good men and women will forgo service—or worse the ones serving will be reluctant to make hard decision for fear their actions, however justified, will be used against them in the political arena. Take the recent case of Rear Adm. Brian Losey. Adm. Losey is the commander of all Naval Special Warfare forces—the SEALs and Special Boat sailors. I have known Losey for more than 30 years. He is without a doubt one of the finest officers with whom I have ever served. Over the past 15 years no officer I know in the SEAL Teams has given more to this country than Brian. None. As a young officer he was constantly deployed away from his family. After 9/11, he was sent to Afghanistan in the early days to help fight the Taliban. From there, Losey participated in the final march to Baghdad and then stayed in country as a SEAL Task Unit Commander. Afterward he served as the deputy and then the commanding officer of SEAL Team Six during more tough fighting in Afghanistan. Later he was posted to the White House in the Office of Combating Terrorism. He made rear admiral in 2009 while at the White House. He was subsequently sent back overseas to Djibouti, Africa, to do a 15month isolated tour as the commander of all U.S. forces in the Horn of Africa. As a result of that successful tour, he was given command of Special Operations Command, Africa (SOCAFRICA). SOCAFRICA was a relatively new command, which had been established to address the growing threat in North Africa. Located in the beautiful Swabian city of Stuttgart, Germany, it was initially staffed with military and civilian personnel from another nearby special operations unit. Although most of the men and women were incredibly capable, hardworking staffers, there was a small core who had been living in Europe for years enjoying the comfortable lifestyle in Stuttgart. Upon Losey’s arrival in Germany, the situation in North Africa changed dramatically, and the fledgling SOCAFRICA had to quickly get on wartime footing. Brian Losey did just that. Losey is a nononsense officer who knows what it takes to get results. Combat is hard. Lives are at stake. Being genteel and considerate of everyone’s feelings are not the qualities that will engender success. But although Losey can be a tough taskmaster, he is a ‘‘bythebook’’ officer. Unfortunately for Losey, along the way to strengthening the command there were those who fought the change and through a series of whistleblower complaints sought to seek his removal. At the time, I was the commander of the U.S. Special Operations Command in Tampa. 
I worked with Gen. Carter Ham, who commanded U.S. Africa Command and had operational control of Adm. Losey, to investigate the complaints. The investigation we initiated determined that Losey’s leadership style, while brusque and demanding, did not warrant his removal. The Navy subsequently recommended Losey for two stars, and he was confirmed by the Senate in December 2011. Although the Navy inspector general absolved Losey of any wrongdoing, his promotion was put on hold pending DOD inspector general resolution of the complaints. Nevertheless, the secretary of the Navy agreed to reassign Adm. Losey to the premier job in Naval Special Warfare—command of all the SEALs. During the past three years as commander of Naval Special Warfare Command (WARCOM), his staff has consistently ranked WARCOM to be one of the best places to work in the Navy. He has passed all Navy IG inspections with flying colors, and the retention statics for his young officers and enlisted is exceptional. However, in the course of those three years, the whistleblowers from Stuttgart continued to pursue Losey’s removal and resignation, routinely submitting new complaints to prolong the process and hold up his promotion. A series of DOD inspector general investigations were reviewed by the Navy leadership and, once again, Adm. Losey was found not to have violated any law, rule or policy. In fact, it was clear to the Navy that the personnel action taken by Losey against the complainants was not reprisal. He was recommended again for promotion to two stars. Despite the Navy’s multiple endorsements, certain members of Congress chose to use Losey’s case to pursue their own political agenda. They held hostage other Navy nominations until Losey’s promotion recommendation was rescinded. The ransom for their congressional support was Brian Losey’s career and, more importantly, his stellar reputation. 
Mr. WOODALL. Madam Speaker, folks wonder sometimes what kind of men and women serve in this Chamber. And when I am asked, What did you learn new, ROB, that you didn’t expect when you got to Congress, I talk about the caliber of the men and women who serve here. If you have not had any time to spend with the gentleman from Montana, the former commander at Navy SEAL Team 6 spent 20 years serving his country in the SEALs and said: I have more leadership to provide. I want to run for Congress because I want to be able to make a difference in that way. And he is making that difference here every day. Madam Speaker, there is so much time where we spend tearing each other down and talking about all the problems that exist in Washington, and certainly, they are multiple. But to confront serious problems, you have to have serious people; and we do have serious people in this Chamber. Congressman ZINKE is one of those, and I am proud to serve with him, and I appreciate his leadership. Madam Speaker, I want to talk about another topic that I think lets people— again, we can talk about all the challenges that exist in this country, but figuring out what the problem is and who to blame for it should not be our primary goal. Our primary goal should be solving those problems. Madam Speaker, I want to talk about unleashing America’s economic potential, and I want to talk about the FairTax. You know about the FairTax. The FairTax is not two words, as you know. FairTax is one word. FairTax is the name of a bill in Congress. Not many bills in Congress command the notoriety that FairTax does, but it is H.R. 25. Anybody can pull it from congress.gov and read it. It is short, about 100 pages. But it says, for Pete’s sake, Madam Speaker, if we are going to try to make America competitive in the world, if we are going to try to create American jobs, if we are going to try to make America the country that you follow, if we are going to make America that leader in the world, what are we going to do it on? Madam Speaker, if you want to create more jobs in America, you could depress salaries. We could pay everybody pennies, as some nations do, and try to create more jobs. That is an awful plan. That is not the right way. If we wanted to create more jobs in America, we could stop caring about clean water and clean air and just throw our environment out with the job creation. But that is not what we want to do. That is a terrible idea. Madam Speaker, as we sit here today, one thing that all the men and women in this Chamber control is the United States Tax Code. And the United States Tax Code, time and time again, is rated as the single worst Tax Code on the planet, the single worst Tax Code on the planet. Once a week, you can open up a newspaper, find a story of a company leaving America to pursue incorporation outside of America’s borders so that they can face a lower tax rate. And folks say: Oh, how unpatriotic; what an awful thing to do. Madam Speaker, I would tell you that the law of the land requires them to do that. The law of the land says if you are the board of directors of a publicly traded corporation, you have a fiduciary duty to maximize return to shareholders. If you are trying to incorporate in a company that is punishing you, and you can go to a country that rewards you, you must make that. It is not optional. It is required. So we can either try to pass laws that trap companies here, or we can try to pass laws that encourage every Nation on the planet to locate here. The FairTax does exactly that. Madam Speaker, let me tell you a little bit about what the FairTax does. It is a fair chance for every American family to build a better life. We talk so much about the income tax in this Chamber, but the truth is that 80 percent of American families pay more in payroll taxes than they do in income taxes. All the time we spend complaining about the IRS, complaining about the American Tax Code, the Income Tax Code, it is the payroll tax that is the largest tax burden that 80 percent of American families face. If you are a millionaire, a billionaire, if you are running your own giant, megacorporation, you can accept your salary any way you want to. You can do it from capital gains, stock options. You can have your privately held company pay you dividends. You have your choice about how you receive your income and, depending on what the Tax Code punishes and encourages, you can manipulate your income accordingly. Madam Speaker, but if you are the rankandfile American middle class family, you don’t have a choice. You don’t have capital gains or dividends or stock options to choose from. You get a paycheck, and out of that paycheck, the government takes the first dollar, and it is 15.3 percent that the government takes in payroll taxes alone. b1230 Now, Madam Speaker, payroll taxes are a valuable tool in this country. They fund the Medicare program, and they fund the Social Security program. These are two very important programs to America, but they are both threatened. The revenue stream for those two programs is insufficient to fund the demands on those programs. We have to find a better way. The FairTax says: don’t take the money out of an individual’s paycheck. The power to tax is the power to destroy. When you tax productivity, you destroy productivity. Rather than taxing income, let’s tax consumption. We all wondered on April 15, Madam Speaker, what our neighbors paid in income taxes. Don’t you wonder? Money magazine did a study one time. Fifteen different accountants worked on the same tax return, and they came up with 15 different answers. It was impossible to figure out which one was right, and none of those was the answer that Money magazine came up with for themselves. But you wonder what you are neighbor is paying, and you wonder if they are paying their fair share. What the FairTax says is we are going to charge you not based on what you produce but what you consume. So if you have a brandnew Mercedes sitting in your driveway, we think you ought to be able to help fund the American way of life. If you have a used Ford Festiva sitting in your driveway, maybe we ought to cut you some slack. If you have just built yourself a new, 9bedroom, 12bathroom house, we think you ought to be able to afford to pay to help grow America. If you are a family of six living in a twobedroom apartment, we think we ought to cut you some slack. If you are working hard trying to improve your life, don’t punish productivity, as today’s Tax Code does; tax folks based on consumption. That is not a crazy idea, Madam Speaker. In fact, America is one of the only OECD countries, one of the only industrialized countries that doesn’t have a consumption tax. 
But America was founded on a consumption tax. That is exactly the way America began, saying that if you have enough money to import silver from Europe you ought to be able to pay the tax on that. It was excise taxes at that time. I am talking about a simple retail sales tax. But people spend at different rates, Madam Speaker. People spend at different rates. What I have here—you can’t see it; the print is going to be too small—but it is the relative tax rates of a twoadult, twochild household. What the FairTax says is, listen, we all have basic expenses in our lives. If you are struggling and you are trying to make a better life for you and your family, you are going to have to buy your food, you are going to have to have an apartment, you are going to have some form of transportation, whether it is a car or riding public transportation, and you are going to have to have clothing. These are the basic necessities of life. So we have created a system so that no American family pays retail sales taxes on those basic necessities. That is what we will call povertylevel spending. When you go above and beyond that, you begin to pay the taxes. What that means, Madam Speaker, is that if you are earning $32,000 a year in that family of four, you are not paying a penny in taxes. Again, payroll tax is today the largest tax that American families pay. We are not asking you to pay a penny. But if you are earning $50,000 a year, then you start to pay an effective rate of about 7
1⁄2percent. If you are earning $64,000, then it is about 11 percent, and on and on and on until you get all the way up to a 23percent tax. There are no exceptions, no deductions, and no exemptions. Everybody pays on everything after that poverty level spending. Again, Madam Speaker, if you can afford to have a boat and a new jet ski sitting in your driveway, then I think you can afford to help struggling families in America succeed. If you are one of those struggling families and you are saving every penny that you have because you want to send your child to college one day, then we ought to cut you some slack. Madam Speaker, the FairTax was created by a group of economists, a group of public citizen activists, who said: If we started from scratch today, then what Tax Code would we write? There is not a man or a woman in Congress, Madam Speaker, who believes that if we wrote a Tax Code today that we would write the one we have. The one we have is atrocious. It is atrocious. What that does is it targets every individual working at the IRS. The IRS is the most vilified institution in this town. By moving the burden of taxation from income to consumption, the FairTax would close the IRS forever. Madam Speaker, the problem with the IRS could be the occasional rogue man or woman that works there, but most of the men and women that work there are conscientious and hardworking civil servants charged with implementing the atrocious Tax Code that this Congress has passed. Milton Friedman, the Nobel Prize winning economist, said: The best way to escape this trap that we are in is to throw the whole thing out and start over from scratch. He is exactly right. Madam Speaker, #PassTheFairTax is the way we are driving this particular debate. Imagine if working American families never, ever, ever had to deal with the IRS again. If you are a sophisticated business, you are going to collect that tax in sales taxes. You are going to have to deal with a State tax collector, and you are going to have to deal with an occasional Federal audit. But if you are a rankandfile American family, you will never be threatened by the IRS again. Madam Speaker, you know, as I do, we handle casework all the time from constituents being pushed around by the IRS, getting threatening letters from the IRS and having their home threatened by the IRS. Why? Because, despite their very best efforts, they messed up their tax return. Money magazine hired 15 professional accounting groups to fill out a tax return. They all got different answers. But when an American family makes that same mistake, they are punished. I want to close the IRS for good, Madam Speaker. I want to get folks out of the business of being threatened by their government. I don’t think folks mind paying their fair share, but they would like a thankyou for paying their fair share, not a threatening letter from the IRS at the end of the day. What are we talking about in terms of productivity, Madam Speaker? The Tax Code grows longer and longer and longer every year. The National Taxpayers Union this year, by this April 15, said that in this 1 year alone we spent 6.1 billion—billion—hours filling out tax returns, that we spent collectively $330 billion to comply—$330 billion to comply. Madam Speaker, what would have happened to the economy if we had dedicated that $330 billion to economically productive activities? We could have dedicated that $330 billion to paying down the debt. It is not just the $330 billion that we lose because we are spending it on taxes. Our Tax Code is so convoluted. The New York Times reported last month that $458 billion, almost one halftrillion, go uncollected every year, sometimes through fraud, sometimes through deceit, and oftentimes just through an inability to understand the Tax Code and folks not reporting it properly. Collectively, we are talking about $1 trillion in lost productivity here in this country. There are 11 million words of laws and regulations in the Tax Code. Madam Speaker, you know that you haven’t read it. I haven’t read it either. We are paying people to help us with our taxes; they haven’t read it either. You call the IRS Help Line for help; they haven’t read it either. Eleven million words, nobody has read it, and nobody understands it. We make a criminal out of every family in this Nation when we ask them to comply with it. Madam Speaker, sadly, particularly over the last 2 years, we have been reading about abuses at the IRS, whether it is targeting groups based on what their conservative beliefs are, whether it is inappropriately leaking confidential information, selectively leaking that information to support one effort or another. Madam Speaker, the IRS knows more about each and every one of us than many of us are willing to tell our children, and it is wrong. You cannot give that kind of power to an agency without having agency abuses. We can close the IRS. We can get every American family out of the business of dealing with the IRS on April 15 by simply paying a retail sales tax when they shop at their local stores. Madam Speaker, we are talking about igniting America’s economy. We are talking about doing those things that encourage productivity, doing those things that encourage risktaking, and doing those things on which America’s economy was founded but many of which we have lost sight of in the past several years. We can’t avoid paying taxes. Death and taxes are certain. What we can do is make it easier, what we can do is make it more effective, and what we can do is make it less punishing. We are having a debate right now, Madam Speaker, about what kind of new Tax Code to provide for America. I believe we are going to get there. I don’t think we are going to get there this year. I think it is going to require some Presidential leadership. I think all the Presidential candidates remaining are talking about what they would do to change the Tax Code. We all realize we are getting shellacked by the rest of the globe. All of our major trading partners are bringing their corporate rates down and down and down, creating the kind of corporate flight that we are talking about. I don’t want to talk about changing America’s Tax Code so it fits in kind of the middle of the pack, so that we are kind of average with all of our peers around the globe. I would tell you, America has no peers around the globe. America is a leader around the globe. America stands alone around the globe, and America should lead the world with the single best Tax Code around the globe. I don’t want to lower wages, I don’t want to impact environmental regulations, and I don’t want to change those things that deliver value. I want to change those things that don’t. And a complicated Tax Code benefits no one except lobbyists in Washington, D.C. Madam Speaker, Americans for Fair Taxation, again, hired some of the best 
economists we have in the land, who predicted that we could create 13 million more jobs—13 million more jobs— with a Tax Code that encouraged investment, that encouraged savings, and that got us out of the business of punishing productivity and into the business of rewarding. Michael Boskin, the former chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, Madam Speaker, said that the long term gain to GDP from a consumption based tax reform would be roughly 10 percent—a 10percent change to GDP simply because we take away a punitive Tax Code and put in one that makes sense. Madam Speaker, I don’t know about families in your district; families in my district can’t wait. Families in my district don’t think the economy is going so great that it is okay if we shave off 10 percent at the top. We can do better and we must. ‘‘Longrun GDP per capita would be 9.7percent higher under a national sales tax,’’ says Alan Auerbach at the University of California, Berkeley. Time and time again, economists from the left and economists from the right come to the same conclusion: the power to tax is the power to destroy. Taxing income punishes and destroys productivity. ‘‘Nearterm 9 to 13percent increase in the GDP,’’ says Dale Jorgenson, the former chairman of the economics department at Harvard University. There is a reason all of these different economists come together around the same figure, Madam Speaker, again, from the left and from the right. We have an opportunity to do better, if only we will agree. Madam Speaker, it is #PassTheFairTax. The FairTax has more cosponsors—again, it is H.R. 25— more cosponsors than any other fundamental tax reform in this institution. On the Senate side, it has more cosponsors than any other fundamental tax reform bill on the Senate side. Madam Speaker, the FairTax has supporters in every State across the Nation. It is not coming out of Washington, D.C. Passing the FairTax would take away so much of the power that this town can exercise over people. We will give you a tax credit for buying an electric car, we will give you a tax credit for buying a windmill, we will give you a tax credit for having more children, and we will give you a tax credit for this, that, and the other. With the FairTax, all of those exceptions and exemptions go away. Hear that. I started telling you about the amazing men and women who serve in this Chamber, folks who come to work every day to try to build a better America in cooperation with their bosses, their constituents back home. We talk so often about how the Washington culture creates all these exceptions and exemptions and somebody is benefiting from it and somebody is getting paid off for it. Nonsense. There is one bill in this Chamber that abolishes every single specialinterest exception, exemption, carveout, and credit in the entire United States Tax Code. That bill is the FairTax, and that bill has more support in this Chamber than any other fundamental tax reform bill in Congress. Madam Speaker, we have an opportunity to do this together. We have an opportunity to build a better economy together. We have an opportunity to take the IRS out of every single one of our constituents’ lives forever. It is going to take a lot of courage. It is going to take a lot of courage to abolish all of those exceptions and exemptions. It is going to take a lot of courage to hit the reset clock on the American Tax Code. It is going to take a lot of courage to get out of the business of trying to be mediocre with the rest of the world and kind of settle right there in the middle and to move from the very worst Tax Code on the planet to the very best Tax Code on the planet. Worst to first, Madam Speaker. That is what the FairTax offers. I ask the support from each and every one of my colleagues that has not yet cosponsored this bill. With that, Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
GREAT AMERICAN BATHROOM CONTROVERSY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GRAYSON. Madam Speaker, I rise today to address the great American bathroom controversy. On my right, this is a picture of someone who may or may not be recognizable to many Americans today. I will say her name. The name may be more recognizable to some. Her name is Christine Jorgensen. Christine Jorgensen was born in 1926. She grew up in the Bronx, like I did. She went to high school at Christopher Columbus High School, which was near the public housing where I grew up in the Bronx. In fact, my father taught history at Christopher Columbus High School. I don’t know whether he taught Christine or not, but it is possible. In 1945, Christine was drafted and served in the U.S. military. Now, that may be a puzzle for some of you listening to me right now who say: I didn’t realize that women were drafted in the 1940s. Well, at that time, Christine’s name was George, George Jorgensen. That is the name she was born with. She was, in fact, on her birth certificate male, something that she struggled with greatly all through the time that she was growing up—being a male—something that she struggled with being in the military, and then after leaving military service. In 1951, she heard about the possibility of changing her gender. So she went to Denmark and underwent three or more surgeries, plus a very substantial amount of estrogen treatments, came back to the United States, and then forever thereafter, after 1953, was known as Christine Jorgensen. Christine Jorgensen was out. She was well known in America as someone who was transgendered. I knew about her story when I was growing up in the 1960s and 1970s. She made no effort to hide. She didn’t feel any shame about it. In fact, she was proud of the fact that she had been able to take advantage of what medicine had to offer and live the life that she felt she would have been able to live from the beginning if she had the proper gender. She had some degree of fame. Republican Vice President Spiro Agnew referred to her once in a speech to mock one of his political opponents. She performed both as a singer and as an actress all through the 1950s, through the entire 1960s, and well into the 1970s. She was the most famous, if you will, transgendered person in America probably to this day. Now, I have to tell you I don’t know exactly where she went when she had to go. I don’t know exactly whether she went into a men’s room or a ladies’ room. But here is an interesting thing. Even though this is something new under the Sun, even though America never had to address this issue before, no one ever even bothered to ask. I don’t remember anybody saying ‘‘Christine Jorgensen ought to go to the men’s room. She was born a male’’ or, for that matter, ‘‘Christine Jorgensen identifies as a female. She should go to the ladies’ room.’’ Isn’t it odd that America in the 1950s seems to have shown a lot more maturity than America is showing today with our great bathroom controversy right now, where the cisgendered people of America try to dictate to the transgendered people of America where 
they can go to the bathroom, or, at least, frankly, the more bigoted among us. Now, we had a law passed recently in North Carolina. I am going to go out on a limb and say that it passed almost exclusively with cisgendered Republican votes in which they tried to dictate which bathroom Christine Jorgensen would have to go to if she were alive today and had to relieve herself. Amazingly enough, they actually decided in their wisdom that Christine Jorgensen, if she were alive today, like all of her transgendered brothers and sisters, would have to go to the bathroom that she didn’t identify as but, instead, the bathroom that was on her birth certificate. Now, this is particularly ironic. There was one form of discrimination that Christine Jorgensen did actually face during her lifetime. She was not allowed to get married. She was not allowed to get married to a man because her birth certificate said she was a male. She was not issued a marriage license on account of the fact that a male was trying to marry a male. Well, my goodness, here in America, just in the past 12 months or so, we finally managed to solve that problem. Christine Jorgensen could get married today to her lover. Now we have a whole new problem. Now, thanks to Republicans and bigots in North Carolina, we have a law that would require Christine Jorgensen to go to the men’s room. Think about that. Think about that. In fact, the natural consequence of that law is what I am about to show you right here. That. So you folks in North Carolina who are obsessed with where the transgendered go to the bathroom, this is the result you have come up with, to have people who selfidentify as women, people who look like women, people who act like women—they somehow are being driven into the men’s room. The same thing is true of the transgendered who identify as men. You are going to force people who look like men, act like men, identify as men—you are going to force them into the ladies’ room. My God, what is wrong with you? That doesn’t make any sense at all. Now, let me tell you something. If I had been back in the day growing up in New York and Christine Jorgensen happened to walk into the men’s room—it never happened, but let’s say it did—I would have thought that is odd, but I wouldn’t have said a word about it. I wouldn’t have gone over to her and said to her: Excuse me. I don’t think you are supposed to be here. On the contrary. I would have just made an appropriate mental note, assumed that she probably found herself in the wrong men’s room, and I would have let it go. I would not have felt any fear. I would not have felt any hatred. I would not have felt anything that would indicate to me that somehow I should discriminate against this person. Nevertheless, I would have thought it was odd. What this law does is guarantee that experience or, worse, to have people who identify and look and dress and act like women forced to go into a men’s room, to have people who identify and look and act and dress as men forced to go into a ladies’ room. Are you nuts? Listen, I have heard that the Republican Party is the party of small government. I have also heard that, on the issue of abortion, the party of small government wants government small enough to fit into a woman’s uterus. Now it turns out that the party of small government wants government small enough to fit underneath a toilet seat. Can’t we all be adults about this? Can’t we all be adults about this, the way we were in the 1960s and 1970s and 1980s? Do we really need a new law on this subject, much less a stupid law, a bad law, a ridiculous law? I understand that it is possible, even in the absence of this law, that there might be some conceivable problems about this kind of situation. I am not sure exactly what they are. I am pretty sure that, if everybody exactly acted as an adult, we could get beyond them without having to litigate over it. I am wondering how you even enforce a law like this. What are we going to do? Have to give saliva samples every time we want to go to the bathroom to see what gender we were born with? My goodness. Bear in mind that there is a law against loitering. There is a law against wide stances in a bathroom. A Republican Senator learned that a few years ago. There is a law against disorderly conduct. There is a law against voyeurism. There is a law against indecent exposure. In fact, in a really bad situation, there are laws against assault and even rape. So why do we need a law to dictate that people who identify as men have to go to the ladies’ room and people who identify as ladies have to go to the men’s room? We had laws like that once. We used to say that we didn’t want White people to have to be uncomfortable going to the room with Black people. I represent part of the State of Florida. I can remember when we had laws like that. And then somehow or another we pulled ourselves together and we realized how ridiculous that was. Well, how is this any different? Thank goodness the Attorney General recognizes that it is not. People who are cisgendered have no right to dictate where people who are transgendered urinate any more than people who are White have the right to dictate where people who are Black do it. That is not America. Let’s show some common sense. Now, if we did actually want to deal with real problems, we could deal with this one. A little boy and a little girl, both looking into their diapers, and the caption is: Oh, that explains the difference in our wages. Now, if you want to talk about gender in America in the early 21st century, we could start with that. Why is it that women still make only 79 cents for every dollar that a man makes in countless occupations and professions even today? Why is that? If you want to get to the heart of what is really going on between the sexes in America today, why don’t we do something to address that problem? And if we want to be more dramatic about it, let’s remember the fact that, in America today, 91 percent of the victims of rape are women. Could we take our legislative energy and possibly apply it toward dealing with that problem, which actually is a problem that affects countless women across the country? Let’s not protect them from having to go to the same bathroom as a transgendered person by insisting that people who look and act and identify as men go to the bathroom with them. Let’s instead try to pass wise laws that would equalize pay between men and women, oh, and if we possibly could, reduce the incidence, the terrible incidence, of rape. But getting back to this North Carolina law, there is a deep legal principle that this law offends. It offends me and it offends a lot of people with a good conscience. That deep legal principle is this. It goes by four letters: MYOB. That is an even higher law than the law that was passed by the North Carolina legislature. MYOB: Mind your own business. I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. KNIGHT (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of obligations in the district. Mr. LATTA (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for Tuesday, May 10, through Friday, May 13, on account of the passing of his father. Mr. PAYNE (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of meetings in district. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GRAYSON. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, May 16, 2016, at noon for morning hour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 4743. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–565). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 4780. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a 
comprehensive strategy for Department of Homeland Security operations abroad, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–566). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 3832. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent tax related identity theft and tax fraud, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–567, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3832 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. NEUGEBAUER: H.R. 5223. A bill to deauthorize the Salt Creek project in Graham, Texas; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. STEWART, Mr. W OODALL , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. POSEY , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. HARRIS , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. YOHO, Mr. O LSON , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, and Mr. MULLIN ): H.R. 5224. A bill to withhold Federal financial assistance from each country that denies or unreasonably delays the acceptance of nationals of such country who have been ordered removed from the United States and to prohibit the issuance of visas to nationals of such country; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, Mr. VELA, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S AM JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. WILLIAMS , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Ms. GRANGER , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. OLSON ): H.R. 5225. A bill to streamline certain feasibility studies and avoid duplication of effort; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself and Mr. NEWHOUSE ): H.R. 5226. A bill to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of information relating to pending agency regulatory actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan (for herself, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. HARPER ): H.R. 5227. A bill to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all forms, to establish a National Collection Stewardship Fund for the processing and storage of collection materials of the Library of Congress, and to provide for the continuation of service of returning members of Joint Committee on the Library at beginning of a Congress; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BENISHEK (for himself, Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. A MASH , Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. UPTON , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. LEVIN, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. TROTT , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. CONYERS , and Mrs. L AWRENCE ): H.R. 5228. A bill to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Traverse City, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Demas T. Craw VA Clinic’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself and Mrs. RADEWAGEN ): H.R. 5229. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a study to evaluate the effectiveness of programs, especially in regards to women veterans and minority veterans, in transitioning to civilian life, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and Mr. VEASEY ): H.R. 5230. A bill to prohibit pyramid promotional schemes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BOST: H.R. 5231. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the inspection of kitchens and food service areas at medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs to ensure that the same standards for kitchens and food service areas at hospitals in the private sector are being met at kitchens and food service areas at medical facilities of the Department; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself and Ms. LEE): H.R. 5232. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to protect children’s health by denying any deduction for advertising and marketing directed at children to promote the consumption of food of poor nutritional quality; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5233. A bill to repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the respective roles of the District government and Congress in the local budget process of the District government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself and Mrs. NAPOLITANO ): H.R. 5234. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for behavioral and mental health outreach and education strategies to reduce stigma associated with mental health among the Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander population; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 5235. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, California, as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr. Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 5236. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to adopt rules to ensure the accuracy of call location information for 911 calls, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 5237. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen equal pay requirements; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 5238. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an income tax credit for the costs of certain infertility treatments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 5239. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to permit the Federal Trade Commission to enforce such Act against certain common carriers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. B LUM, and Mr. SMITH of Missouri): H.R. 5240. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the incentives for biodiesel; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5241. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to distribute additional information to Medicare beneficiaries to prevent health care fraud, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5242. A bill to prohibit Executive agencies from using funds for yoga classes or instruction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. G RANGER , and Mrs. LOWEY ): H. Res. 729. A resolution expressing support for the expeditious consideration and finalization of a new, robust, and longterm Memorandum of Understanding on military assistance to Israel between the United States Government and the Government of Israel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. HASTINGS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. BYRNE , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. W EBER  of Texas, Ms. HAHN, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts): H. Res. 730. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the important role of the health care industry in identifying victims of sex trafficking; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
220. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 528, affirming Tennessee’s sovereignty under the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States over all powers not otherwise enumerated and granted to the federal government by the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. NEUGEBAUER: H.R. 5223. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution, under the General Welfare Clause By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 5224. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 & Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 5225. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 5226. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States; the power to regulate commerce among the several states and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. The bill will prevent Executive Agencies from violating the rule and spirit of the Administrative Procedures Act by requiring additional transparency about public communications made by the agencies; most importantly communications made with the intent of artificially promoting support for pending regulatory actions. Congress has the authority to limit regulations by the Executive branch under its Commerce Clause power and it is necessary and proper to introduce legislation to effectively carryout this power. By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: H.R. 5227. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 8. The Congress shall have Power . . . To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Case whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authroity over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dockyards, and other needful Buildings; By Mr. BENISHEK: H.R. 5228. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution, Article I, Section 8. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 5229. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 5230. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BOST: H.R. 5231. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 5232. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution and Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5233. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the Constitution, Congress has the authority ‘‘to exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the Accpetance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United States . . . ’’ By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 5234. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of teh United States Constitution By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 5235. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 5236. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 5237. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution and Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 5238. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 5239. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 5240. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5241. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5242. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 242: Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 430: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 535: Mr. KIND. H.R. 546: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 662: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 711: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 816: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 923: Mr. MULLIN , Mr. C ONAWAY , and Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 971: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 973: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 986: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 1062: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1197: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H.R. 1252: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 1255: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 1342: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 1399: Ms. EDWARDS , Ms. F UDGE , and Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 1519: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 1559: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 1586: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 1769: Mr. WALDEN , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, and Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1962: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 1963: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 2058: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 2101: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 2173: Mr. VEASEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. DEFAZIO, and Ms. E STY. H.R. 2315: Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 2368: Mr. RUSH, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. MEEKS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2434: Mr. LONG, Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 2597: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 2656: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 2657: Mr. HONDA , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 2726: Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 2793: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 2962: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER and Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 3080: Mr. LONG. H.R. 3119: Mr. ZELDIN and Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 3229: Mr. ASHFORD and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 3237: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 3286: Ms. ESTY. H.R. 3297: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 3308: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 3381: Mr. KILDEE , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. BILIRAKIS , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 3514: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 3632: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 3673: Mr. MCKINLEY and Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER . H.R. 3684: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H.R. 3799: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 3832: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H.R. 3861: Mr. BRATand Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 3917: Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 4006: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 4013: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4055: Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. JEFFRIES , and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 4062: Mr. HUELSKAMP . H.R. 4065: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Ms. R OS LEHTINEN . H.R. 4165: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 4166: Mr. GUINTA , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. STIVERS , and Mr. M CHENRY . H.R. 4184: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. LEE, Mr. R USH, and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 4283: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4428: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 4447: Mr. POCAN and Ms. D UCKWORTH . H.R. 4499: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4513: Mr. ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 4554: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 4591: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4613: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4615: Mr. LAMALFA , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 4625: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4626: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Ms. DUCKWORTH , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 4653: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 4695: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 4715: Mr. WOMACK , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. B OST. H.R. 4764: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 4766: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 4768: Mr. MCHENRY , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. GUINTA , and Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4773: Mr. DOLD, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , and Mr. REED. H.R. 4813: Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 4849: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 4879: Mr. VEASEY , Ms. M OORE , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. R USH, Ms. A DAMS , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. DEGETTE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. CONNOLLY , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 4893: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. HECK of Nevada, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. HUELSKAMP , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. F ARR, Mrs. COMSTOCK , and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 4941: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 4954: Mrs. TORRES , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. TONKO , Mr. R USH, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. M OORE , Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4955: Mrs. NOEMand Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 4965: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4966: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4980: Mr. ROKITA and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 4989: Mr. KIND. H.R. 4992: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 5001: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 5025: Mr. BECERRA , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. BRADY of Texas, Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 5035: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 5047: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 5073: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. MICA, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. Yarmuth. H.R. 5094: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. RUSH, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. POEof Texas, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. QUIGLEY , and Mr. H IGGINS . H.R. 5143: Mr. LOUDERMILK and Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 5166: Mr. GRAYSON , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. MULVANEY . H.R. 5170: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 5190: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 5191: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 5207: Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. O’ROURKE , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 5210: Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. BARR, and Mr. M ARINO . H.J. Res. 87: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, and Mr. SALMON . H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H. Res. 14: Mrs. BEATTY . H. Res. 154: Ms. DEGETTE . H. Res. 263: Mr. KENNEDY , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, and Mr. V EASEY . H. Res. 551: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H. Res. 586: Mr. DELANEY . H. Res. 590: Mr. CARNEY , Mr. K LINE, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. DESJARLAIS . H. Res. 631: Mr. GALLEGO . H. Res. 693: Mr. BABIN. H. Res. 707: Mr. GOSAR and Mr. L ABRADOR . H. Res. 712: Mr. KILMER . H. Res. 724: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Mr. VEASEY . H. Res. 726: Mr. CONYERS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. POCAN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. NORCROSS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K IND, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. LEVIN, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. K USTER , and Mr. CARTWRIGHT . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
61. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to refrain from relieving the U.S. Commonwealth of Puerto Rico in any way from its financial indebtedness; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. 62. Also, a petition of the Common Council of the City of Darlington, Wisconsin, relative to Resolution 201602, supporting an amendment to the United States Constitution stating that only human beings are endowed with constitutional rights and that money is not speech; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Debbie Farrell who is retiring from her position as principal of Forest Hills Elementary School after more than 35 years dedicated to education. Mrs. Farrell began her teaching career at Coweta County School System in Newnan, Georgia in 1979. She showed her commitment to serving students with special needs by teaching Special Education in Des Moines, Iowa from 1980 to 1982 and serving as a learning disabilities clinician from 1984 to 1989. From 1992 to 1999 she worked as a special education teacher then as an Associate Principal in District 101 in Western Springs, Illinois. In 2001–2002 she served as Principal at South Elementary School in Westmont, Illinois. Since 2002 Mrs. Farrell has been the Principal at Forest Hills Elementary School in Western Springs District 101. Under her leadership, the school has been rated a Top 25 school in the State of Illinois four times, including one year in which Forest Hills was the secondhighest performing in the State. Mrs. Farrell received a Bachelor’s Degree from Western Illinois University and Master’s Degrees from both St. Xavier University and Iowa State University. She resides in Palos Park, with her husband Kevin, her sons Jim and John, and her daughter Katie. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Mrs. Debbie Farrell for all she has done in her 35 plus years as an educator and to congratulate her on her retirement. Thousands of students have greatly benefitted from her dedicated service. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to Childhood Apraxia of Speech, a speech and communication disorder that causes extreme difficulty in learning to speak, which can affect literacy and school performance. Often times, children with Childhood Apraxia of Speech require frequent and aggressive speech therapy to improve their ability to communicate. Sadly, the cause of the disorder is unknown. More progress must be made to understand and develop better treatment for this complex condition. Fortunately, the Childhood Apraxia of Speech Association located in Pittsburgh, PA continues to work tirelessly to raise awareness about Childhood Apraxia of Speech and to provide support to families of affected children. Thanks to their hard work, great strides have been made toward educating the public, and local, state, and federal officials. Increased awareness of this disorder will serve as an impetus toward more effective treatment, as well as to create a more supportive environment for families struggling with this rare condition. Children with apraxia and their families confront tremendous obstacles with determination and persistence. To all the families and children living with apraxia, I offer my heartfelt encouragement as you deal with the unique challenges you face. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing these individuals on Apraxia Awareness Day this May and in thanking the Childhood Apraxia of Speech Association for increasing awareness in our communities about this challenging disorder. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Darwin Anderson of Brainerd, Minnesota. Last Saturday the tanker base at the Brainerd Airport was named after Darwin, who passed away February 6th 2015, to commemorate his 43 years of service and exceptional work as a Department of Natural Resources (DNR) firefighter. Darwin was one of the first to see the potential for using aircraft and a network of tanker bases throughout the state to fight wildfires. He was also a pioneer in utilizing a helicopter with a bucket as a tool for fighting wildfires. In addition to Darwin’s innovations, his compassion and charisma have earned him the respect of his coworkers. His colleagues speak very highly of Darwin’s supervisory skills and the guidance he has given them throughout their careers. Many of his peers attribute their own success to Darwin’s mentoring. Leaders such as Darwin make a positive impact on others’ lives and in their communities—so much so one of his colleagues said, ‘‘With Darwin, forestry equaled family.’’ His family, wife Janet, sons Jeffery, Ryan, Erik, and daughter Yvette gave him the support he needed to do such a difficult job. It is an honor to recognize Darwin’s many accomplishments, and I know my colleagues will join me in thanking Darwin for his leadership, innovation, and many years of dedicated service to our state. f 
IN HONOR OF CHIEF WARRANT OFFICER TWO NICOLE SPROESSER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Chief Warrant Officer Two Nicole Sproesser for her achievements, contributions, and service in both the U.S. Army and the New Jersey National Guard. Chief Sproesser joined the Army in 2001. She deployed to Kuwait and Iraq as a Quartermaster, supporting Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom from February 2003 to October 2003. She was responsible for transporting all food, water, and supplies to units across Iraq. For her logistical support of 2,496 soldiers during Operation Iraqi Freedom, she was awarded the Army Commendation Medal. Promoted to sergeant after just two and a half years in the Army, she was awarded the Soldier of the Year for the 49th Quartermaster Group. After fulfilling her service obligation with the Army in August of 2004, Chief Sproesser joined the New Jersey National Guard in December of that same year. In 2008, she was selected to become a Warrant Officer and now works as the Property Book Officer for the 57th Troop Command, where she manages and maintains 18 units with property totaling 189 million dollars. While in the National Guard, Chief Sproesser served in numerous major homeland security operations, including Hurricane Sandy, as a Battle Captain, and Hurricane Irene, as an Officer in Charge. She has displayed both tactical and technical leadership abilities numerous times and has been inducted into the International Society of Logistics in 2015. Chief Sproesser comes from a family committed to public service; her mother also served in the Army and her father is currently serving as President of the New Jersey Fraternal Order of Police. She and her husband, Eric—an Army Purple Heart recipient, also have three children, Christian, Aiden, and Cora Grace with whom they take frequent trips to tour Civil War battlegrounds. Mr. Speaker, Chief Warrant Officer Two Nicole Sproesser is a great American whose dedication to serving her country in the U.S. Army and New Jersey National Guard is an inspiration to her community. I join with her family, friends, and all of New Jersey in honoring the selfless service of this exceptional woman. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 250th anniversary of one of the greatest academic institutions in New Jersey, the United States and the world. Since 1766, Rutgers University has forged young minds and prepared our nation’s workforce. Students at Rutgers get exposure to the full range of academic disciplines and the kind of trailblazing research that can only be found at the world’s top research institutions. Reflecting the assets of the great state of New Jersey, the Rutgers student body is also one of the most diverse in the nation. Throughout the years, I’ve enjoyed the privilege of representing the Rutgers community. During my time in Congress, whatever issue comes across my plate, I’ve always had the nation’s experts in every field within arm’s reach. That’s especially true in recent years, following the merger with University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey and the designation of the Cancer Institute of New Jersey as a National Cancer Institute. It is Rutgers’ tremendous history of academic achievement and national leadership that led President Obama to accept the University’s invitation to speak at its 250th commencement this coming Sunday. I was proud to lead two Congressional letters urging the President to accept Rutgers’ invitation. I commend Rutgers for its 250 years of contributions to our country, and I’m excited about Rutgers’ future and its accomplishments yet to come. 
FOSHAY LEARNING CENTER FIRST ROBOTICS TEAM 597 ENDS A YEAR AS WORLD CHAMPION 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to welcome home the Foshay Learning Center FIRST Robotics Team 597, the Wolverines, who have closed out their year as reigning champions at the competition that ended on April 30, 2016. One year ago, Team 597, coming from an innercity Los Angeles school in my district, beat out 18,000 students with 900 robots from 40 countries to win the Chairman’s Award, the highest honor given at the 2015 FRC World Championships in St. Louis, Missouri. The award recognizes the team that best represents a model for other teams to emulate, and best embodies the purpose and goals of FIRST, including the promotion of not just STEM skills but teamwork, entrepreneurship, volunteerism and resourcefulness. Under strict rules, limited resources, and the guidance of volunteer mentors including teachers, engineers, business professionals, parents, alumni and more, the Wolverines team had just six weeks to build and program their robot to perform challenging tasks against a field of competitors. They also had to raise funds, design a team ‘‘brand,’’ hone teamwork skills, and perform community outreach. In addition to learning valuable STEM and life skills, participants are eligible to apply for millions in college scholarships. Under the leadership of their advisor, Foshay math teacher, Darryl Newhouse, Team 597 not only built a great robot, competed in local and regional events, raised funds to support their work and the trip to St. Louis, but they also excelled in seeding teams at local elementary schools and giving back to their community in multiple ways. Just last month, Team 597 had the honor of sending two representatives to the 2016 White House Science Fair, initiated by President Barack Obama six years ago to honor the student winners of a broad range of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) competitions across the country. And last week they returned to St. Louis as reigning champions. I salute the Wolverines and the parents, teachers, parents, family, friends, organizations, and professionals who support them. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of John A. Markey for his service to the City of New Bedford and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts as Mayor of New Bedford. I am also proud to commemorate the apt naming of the cityowned plaza on Front Street in the city he served with such dedication. Jack Markey, as he is known to most, was first elected to serve the citizens of New Bedford as its mayor in 1971. At that time, there was a great need for strong leadership to preserve and restore the rich tapestry of this historic city. Under his elevenyear tenure over six terms, Mayor Markey ushered in essential investment and restoration projects into the Downtown New Bedford Historic District— serving as a critical turning point for New Bedford and for the perception and image of this tourist destination. Under Mayor Markey’s leadership, the City made several forwardthinking investments in community development, including burying utility lines, resurfacing streets with cobblestone, enhancing landscaping and restoring several historic landmarks. Before leaving office to become the Presiding Judge of the New Bedford District Court in 1982, Markey strongly advocated for the establishment of the New Bedford Whaling National Historic Park. It is for these reasons that he is deservedly recognized by having this plaza named after him. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the lifelong service and commitment of John A. ‘‘Jack’’ Markey to the City of New Bedford. HONORING SCOTT CETOUTE FOR ACHIEVING PERFECT ATTENDANCE WHILE ENROLLED IN THE BROWARD COUNTY SCHOOL SYSTEM FROM KINDERGARTEN THROUGH HIS SENIOR YEAR HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rise today to recognize Mr. Scott Cetoute, a studentathlete and soon to be graduate of Plantation High School. Scott was recently honored at the Broward County Public Schools fifth annual BestinClass and Perfect Attendance Awards ceremony on Thursday, May 12, 2016, and will be honored again on Tuesday, May 17, 2016 at the Broward County School Board Meeting. The BestinClass Award is an accolade presented to students who have been continuously enrolled in Broward County Public Schools from kindergarten through 12th grade, who have perfect attendance. This is a remarkable achievement and it is an immense honor of mine to recognize Scott for his unwavering devotion to education. Having never missed a single day of school for a total of 2,340 days is no small feat. Furthermore, in a show of appreciation, various community and business partners have joined together to provide Scott and fellow honorees with an assortment of gifts and supplies that will assist them as they continue their journey towards higher education. Mr. Speaker, I once again want to commend Mr. Scott Cetoute for his dedication and commitment to education. He is a shining example of student success. I wish him all the very best as he begins studying at Broward Community College this summer to earn his Associate Degree, then upon completion he will continue his education further at Florida International University (FIU). Scott has strong aspirations to become a Pharmacist once he completes his education. I know that he will make his community and the state of Florida proud. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Army Major Rita Catalina Rosales Gonzalez for her extraordinary dedication to duty and service to our nation. Major Rosales has distinguished herself through her service while serving as a Legislative Liaison in the Army’s House Liaison Division from June 2015 to April 2016. A native of Monterrey, Me´xico, Major Rosales immigrated to the United States when she was just ten years old. Feeling a call to service, she joined the Army in 2005 and served the first seven years of her career at Fort Bliss in my district of El Paso, Texas. While at Fort Bliss, Major Rosales served as a Patriot Launcher Platoon Leader; a Patriot Fire Control Platoon Leader and Battery Trainer; a Battalion Fire Direction Section Officerin 
Charge; a Brigade Chief Air Defense Fire Control Officer; and as a Battery Commander. Following her time at Fort Bliss, Major Rosales would later serve as a Public Affairs Officer in the Office of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Major Rosales’ service to our country also includes two deployments in support of Operation Enduring Freedom, once to the United Arab Emirates from 2008 to 2009 and once to the Kingdom of Bahrain from 2011 to 2012. Major Rosales’ career has been marked by excellence, as evidenced by her selection as the Distinguished Honor Graduate of her Air Defense Artillery Officer Basic Course; the Distinguished Honor Graduate of the Patriot Top Gun Course; the Honor Graduate of the Air Defense Artillery Fire Control Officer Course; and the Honor Graduate of her Air Defense Artillery Captains’ Career Course. As Major Rosales transitions to her role as a Battalion Operations Officer at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, I am confident that she will approach this role with a continued commitment to excellence and selfless service. Her outstanding leadership, strategic vision, and keen judgment are in keeping with the finest traditions of military service and reflect great credit upon her, the Office of the Army Legislative Liaison, and the United States Army. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 11, 2016 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following exchange of letters. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, May 3, 2016. Hon. FREDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN UPTON : I am writing with respect to H.R. 4981, the ‘‘Opioid Use Disorder Treatment Expansion and Modernization Act,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 4981 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 4981 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4981, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 4981. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, May 3, 2016. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4891, the ‘‘Opioid Use Disorder Treatment Expansion and Modernization Act.’’ I appreciate your willingness to forgo action on the bill, and I agree that your decision will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 4891 on the House floor. Sincerely, FREDUPTON , Chairman. f 
TO HONOR THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF EDNA LANIER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Edna Lanier who passed away on April 17, 2016, at the age of 99. Throughout her life Mrs. Lanier was a fixture in the community of Lexington, North Carolina, and she will be greatly missed by all who had the pleasure of knowing her. I send my prayers and sincerest condolences to Mrs. Lanier’s family and friends during this difficult time. By all accounts, Mrs. Lanier was the embodiment of what a North Carolinian should be—she was devoted to her family and friends, kind to every person she met, and passionate about making her community a better place for all to live. Throughout her life, Mrs. Lanier had a givingspirit and wanted to share her knowledge and experiences with those around her, which led to her mentoring young women in her spare time. She was deeply committed to her faith and was an active member of the First United Methodist Church. Mrs. Lanier was also a passionate sports fan, especially of her beloved University of North Carolina Tar Heels. Mrs. Lanier was also a small business owner and a prominent member of the Lexington Area Chamber of Commerce. In 1940, Mrs. Lanier and her husband, Ardell, opened Lanier Hardware, which has been a fixture in uptown Lexington since the day it opened. Because Mr. and Mrs. Lanier were partners in everything they did, whether it was in business or in their everyday lives, she helped run the hardware store and would do all of the bookkeeping and accounting. They also started Standell Properties, a local real estate business. In addition to their successful business ventures in Lexington, the Laniers were actively involved in philanthropic efforts to help others in the community, working with local programs like the Lexington Civitan Club, the Davidson Prison Ministry and the West Davidson Public Library. Mrs. Lanier was often recognized by organizations in Lexington for her devotion to her community and the impact she had on the area. Among her many awards, Mrs. Lanier was recognized by the Lexington Chamber of Commerce as the 2006 ‘‘Outstanding Woman of the Year.’’ Mr. Speaker, please join me today in remembering the life of Edna Lanier and celebrating her legacy that benefited so many in the town of Lexington, and the state of North Carolina. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO COMMANDER MATTHEW L. DUNLAY, AS HE PREPARES TO RETIRE AFTER 20 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES NAVY AND TO OUR NATION 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Commander Matthew L. Dunlay, as he prepares to retire after 20 years of Commissioned Service to the United States Navy and for his extraordinary dedication to duty and to the United States of America. I have worked with Commander Dunlay personally over the past three years when he worked as an Appropriations Liaison in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller). I would like to share with you some highlights of his fine career. Commander Matthew L. Dunlay graduated from the Norwich University in 1996 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Civil Engineering. He was commissioned an Ensign upon completion of the NROTC program and reported directly to Pensacola, FL for flight training. He was designated a Naval Aviator in March 1998. Commander Dunlay has served in a variety of sea and shore assignments during his career. At sea, his assignments include HSL–46 deploying to the Adriatic Sea in support of Operation Noble Anvil during the 1999 Kosovo Campaign onboard USS Vella Gulf (CG 72) and to the South Pacific Ocean in support of Counter NarcoTerror operations on board USS O’Bannon (DD 987). Serving at HSL–60, he deployed to the Arabian Gulf, Horn of Africa and Red Sea onboard USS Philippine Sea (CG 58) in support of OIF and OEF, and then as OfficerinCharge onboard USS John L. Hall (FFG 32) where he led the Navy’s first Aerial Authorized Use of Force Detachment deployed with U.S. Coast Guard Aerial Sharp Shooters to the USSOUTHCOM AOR. His assignments while at HSL–60 included Squadron Operations Officer and Squadron Maintenance Officer. Shore assignments include Air Test and Evaluation Squadron THREE ONE (VX–31), China Lake, CA as a Helicopter Search and Rescue Mission Commander and C–26 Transport Aircraft Commander. Commander Dunlay has also been assigned to the U.S. Naval War College, Newport, RI, for duty as a Graduate Student enrolled in the College of Naval Command and Staff. 
In 2008, he was selected as a Navy Legislative Fellow to the U.S. House of Representatives where as a key staff member he advised a Senior U.S. Congressman on National Security Policy and Foreign Defense Affairs. Following his Legislative Fellowship on Capitol Hill in 2009, he reported to Colorado Springs, CO where served as the Senior Military Advisor to the Commander, NORAD and USNORTHCOM for Legislative Affairs. After completing his assignment at NORAD and USNORTHCOM, Commander Dunlay reported to his current assignment as a Congressional Liaison in the Navy’s Financial Management and Budget Office managing a diverse portfolio containing the Research Development Test and Evaluation (RDT&E) appropriations along with the Missile Defense, Cyber and C4ISR appropriations. For nearly three years, Commander Dunlay has demonstrated exceptional leadership and foresight, engaging Members of the Appropriations Committee and its Staff to provide information essential to resourcing the Navy for its role as the world’s dominant sea power. In an increasingly difficult budget environment, Commander Dunlay provided essential support in shepherding three Navy budgets through the appropriations process. Matt served our Navy and nation with integrity, insight and dedication. My office, the subcommittee staff, and I have found him to be a pleasure to work with and all respect his professionalism. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful nation, I join my colleagues today in saying thank you to Commander Matthew L. Dunlay for his extraordinary dedication to duty and steadfast service to this country throughout his distinguished career. We wish Matt, and his sons Luke and Remington ‘‘Fair Winds and Following Seas’’ as he leaves the Naval Service. 
IN CELEBRATION OF THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF BARBARA AND BILL CARNEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the marriage of Barbara and Bill Carney. On May 14, 2016, Barbara and Bill Carney will celebrate fifty years of marriage, friendship, fun, and family. Those 50 years have taken them on a winding and unpredictable journey—from the Irish Catholic neighborhood of Flatbush, Brooklyn, to the suburbs of Long Island, to the halls of the United States Congress—with unforeseen stops and innumerable joys along the way. With love, respect, and patience, they made it look easy. Their lives together, their love for each other, their generosity of spirit, and their faith and humor have impacted so many people through the years. Barbara Haverlin and Bill Carney grew up blocks from one another in Brooklyn. They attended the same parish, St. Catherine of Genoa, frequented the same places, and enjoyed overlapping groups of friends. They did not meet, however, until their early twenties at O’Reilly’s Pub, where Bill was tending bar and Barbara was dating one of the O’Reilly brothers. On a dare from coworkers, Bill asked out the boss’s girlfriend. Within two weeks of the first date, they decided to marry and were wed twelve months later. Both having lost their parents in their teens, Barbara and Bill deeply appreciated the importance and value of family. Both were blessed with extensive community and family, where one’s brother, cousin, and neighbor were always there for each other. That is the value and spirit that Barbara and Bill maintained in raising their two daughters, Julie Baker and Jackie Carney D’Aquila. After marriage, Bill held multiple jobs to support his family—always willing to try or learn a new skill. Never one to shy away from challenges or view something as impossible, Bill decided to run for U.S. Congress at 32 years old. In 1977, with Barbara’s backing and the support of a handful of what would prove to be lifelong friends, Bill beat the odds and was elected to represent the 1st Congressional District of New York. During his political career, Bill enjoyed phenomenal staff, advisors, and friends. He served four terms in the House before deciding to retire and open his own boutique consulting firm in 1986. Bill and Barbara will be joined in celebrating their 50th Anniversary this month by their daughters, sonsinlaw, four grandchildren, and scores of friends and family. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to be present for the following Roll Call vote on May 11, 2016 and would like to reflect that I would have voted as follows: Roll Call Number 183: NO. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 189, on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 4586, Lali’s Law I was unavoidably detained and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Keesler Air Force Base on the celebration of their 75th anniversary. On June 12, 1941 Army Air Corps Station Number 8, Aviation Mechanics School was activated and on August 25, 1941 it was officially designated Keesler Army Air Field in honor of Second Lt. Samuel Reeves Keesler of Greenwood, MS. Lt. Keesler and his pilot were shot down after engaging four German aircraft on October 8, 1918. Lt. Keesler was seriously injured and died the following day. He was posthumously awarded the WWI Victory Medal with Silver Star for his heroism. Following the passage of the National Security Act of 1947 the United States Air Force became a separate military service, and Keesler Field became what we know it as today, Keesler Air Force Base. Since 1941, Keesler Air Force Base has served as an irreplaceable training ground for our men and women of the military. In recognition of their dedication to the mission as well as their dedication to the Airmen stationed there, on April 5, 2013 Keesler Air Force Base was awarded the Commander in Chief’s Annual Award for Installation Excellence, signifying Keesler as the best Air Force Installation within the Department of Defense. Once again, I would like to commend the men and women of Keesler on their 75th anniversary celebration. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Larry Bettinelli, who is being honored as the 2016 Napa Valley Grower of the Year at the Napa Valley Grapegrower’s 41st annual dinner in Napa, California. Mr. Bettinelli, a fifth generation Napa Valley farmer, has a long history of successful management and leadership within the vineyard industry in California, as well as a proven commitment to serving his community. He graduated from St. Helena High School before completing his Agriculture degree at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo. Before founding his successful vineyard management company, Bettinelli Vineyards, Mr. Bettinelli served in the U.S. Marine Corps as a helicopter pilot, and worked as a Vineyard Manager for Beringer Vineyards and Jaeger Vineyards. Throughout his career, Mr. Bettinelli has exemplified the values of the Napa Valley Grapegrowers. In his own business, he prioritizes the preservation of vineyards and agricultural resources of the Napa Valley, and also serves on the Napa County Disease and Pest Control District Board. Drawing on his knowledge and success in the vineyard industry, Mr. Bettinelli represents and advocates on behalf of growers as Chairman of the Napa Valley Grapegrowers’ Industry Issues Committee. Building on his own family history in the Napa Valley, Mr. Bettinelli looks to the region’s future by sharing his expertise with the next generation of growers and farmers. He has served as the Founding Chairman of the St. Helena High School Agriculture Establishment Committee and as President of the St. Helena Future Farmers of America boosters. Mr. Bettinelli also finds the time to volunteer with the Yountville Veterans Home chapel and sits on Board of Directors for the St. Helena Choral Society. Mr. Speaker, Larry Bettinelli has had a remarkable career as a business leader and has 
been a lifelong community servant in our Napa Valley community. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory and life of Edward A. Hill, a loving husband, son, brother, uncle, friend and colleague. Ed was a member of my staff from 2007 to 2011. His wife, Jessica Zufolo, also served on my staff in the late 1990s. They have been a part of the DeFazio family for many years, and it is with a heavy heart that we mourn Ed’s passing. Ed didn’t start out working in politics, but after volunteering to help elect Chris Murphy in 2006 he decided to leave his insurance industry job in Connecticut and move to Washington, D.C. He quickly fell in love with Congress and with Jessica, whom he had met on the campaign trail. I don’t think he ever looked back. Ed was the type of guy everyone liked to be around. He was always smiling and quick with a joke or words of support. His love of craft beer and the home brew he shared made him very popular in the DeFazio office. About nine months ago Ed was diagnosed with esophageal cancer. He fought it hard until the end. Unfortunately he was diagnosed too late, which is not uncommon with this type of cancer. April was Esophageal Cancer Awareness month, and I’m sure in his honor Ed would encourage us all to get tested. Ed passed away on May 1st at Georgetown Hospital. At only 45 years of age, he was way too young to die. But, he lived those years he had to the fullest. He will be remembered and missed by all whose lives he touched. 
IN HONOR OF THE NATIONAL CAPITAL LYME AND TICKBORNE DISEASE ASSOCIATION 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to discuss the extremely important work done by the National Capital Lyme and TickBorne Disease Association (NatCapLyme), an invaluable organization representing my district. NatCapLyme has been working tirelessly to help defeat an illness that affects so many in our community. Known for their work improving the living standard for those suffering from tickborne illnesses, NatCapLyme has empowered and educated countless patients, families, and the community at large about this disease. I am honored to join NatCapLyme on May 15th, 2016 for their 6th Annual Loudoun Lyme 5K/10K/1K that will drive awareness and raise money to help find a cure for Lyme disease— the number one tickborne illness in the United States. The Loudoun Lyme 5K/10K will also feature a 1K fun run, as well as an informational fair to educate the public about Lyme disease, its causes, symptoms and treatments. I look forward to joining them again this year and in years to come in support of their efforts. NatCapLyme has been working nationally for the past 20 years to further improve the lives of those suffering from tickborne illnesses while also supporting ongoing efforts to find cures and advocate for patients. In the Commonwealth of Virginia, they worked with local legislators, including myself, to permanently designate May as Lyme Disease Awareness Month in Virginia. They also built a coalition of constituents across Virginia to help enact landmark legislation HB–1933 to help better diagnose Lyme disease by identifying potential shortcomings in testing methods utilized at that time. I was proud to partner with them on this legislation and introduce it in the House of Delegates. As a Member of Congress, I have joined the bipartisan Lyme Disease Caucus because I remain committed to raising awareness of this disease and believe in the important work that NatCapLyme does each day. Mr. Speaker, for helping countless American citizens who suffer from tickborne illnesses, I would like to sincerely thank the National Capital Lyme and TickBorne Disease Association for all their hard work, and ask that my colleagues join me in doing the same. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF THE REVEREND DR. PAUL M. MARTIN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of an extraordinary constituent, the Reverend Dr. Paul M. Martin, who, as pastor of Macedonia Baptist Church for 16 years, was a change agent in the Denver community. Paul’s passing in March shocked and saddened the many people he touched in a life filled with love, hope and purpose. We continue to grieve, but with the perspective of these past few weeks, we’ve also been able to take some consolation in memories of this extraordinary man and the knowledge that his legacy lives on within us. Paul Martin was a man of the people. Well educated and worldly, he nevertheless found endless satisfaction in working deep within the community, rolling up his sleeves and diving into the daytoday matters that affect so many lives—from the parochial to the profound. I especially appreciated that the very same man who reached countless numbers of the faithful via a successful radio ministry also chose to serve on the committees to ensure that the development of DIA and Stapleton were done with community interests in mind. And for my own part, I’ll never forget how the friendship and support Paul gave me through my years of public service. I first met Paul and his wonderful wife and soulmate, Agnes, when my church, Montview Presbyterian, partnered in worship with Macedonia. I spent so many special Sundays sitting in the Macedonia choir loft with my fellow choir mates from both churches, listening to Paul’s inspirational sermons. I am sure there are many others in Colorado, in California and in places around the world where Paul preached and taught who have similar stories to tell about his influence on the paths they followed. Paul was a voice of wisdom, consolation and inspiration. He will be deeply missed, but we are grateful that he was such a key part of our community and our lives for so long. Although a family commitment prevents me from being with you today in person, my spirit is there in solidarity. To Agnes, the Martin family, and the entire Macedonia community, I send my prayers and deepest condolences. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to honor the memory of a great man and leader in Harris County: Carl Whitmarsh. Mr. Whitmarsh, originally from Brenham, Texas and a graduate of Texas Tech University where he studied political science, untimely passed at the age of 64. Throughout Mr. Whitmarsh’s life, he held a variety of positions that allowed him to have significant influence, including president of the Oak Forest Area Democrats, executive director of the Harris County Democratic party, and as an aide to Senator Lloyd Bentsen during his vice presidential campaign in 1988. Mr. Whitmarsh was not only a community leader, but acted boldly to advocate for the better representation of his community. Mr. Whitmarsh will be specifically remembered for his commitment to democratic principles, impassioned advocacy for the underserved, as well as his many positive working relationships with public officials. Mr. Speaker, I am blessed to have the opportunity to honor the memory of a dear friend, a man of character who was also an extraordinary agent for change. May he rest in the peace he so richly deserves. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate Delbert Nelson of Camden, New Jersey for his achievements, contributions, and service in both the United States Army and as a pillar of our community. Delbert was born, raised, and educated in Camden. After high school, he served in the Army’s 43rd Infantry during the Korean War. Once he returned stateside, he worked for the Campbell Soup Company for 43 years, before retiring in 1994. Delbert has dedicated his retirement to improving the quality of life of Camden’s citizens. As a founding and active member of Parkside Business & Community In Partnership, Inc., and the Vice President of the Camden Neighborhood Renaissance, he has helped bring commercial development back into the city. He has worked to improve the natural beauty of the area by volunteering at the Camden 
Greenway Work Group. Communities around the country need more people like Mr. Nelson that take pride in where they live and devote their time to better it. He has also been involved in local politics and helping fellow veterans He has been an AtLarge member of the Camden City Democratic Committee and is the Camden Mayor’s representative for the Battleship New Jersey Board of Trustees. He has been active in the VFW as the former Commander of Clarence Hill VFW Post Number 1297–Camden and the current Sr. Vice Commander of Lawnside Post 2003. In his time with the VFW, he has achieved the distinguished honor of being named AllState Post Commander. Delbert and his wife, Doris, have been married for 66 years and have been blessed with 4 daughters, 6 grandchildren, and 3 great grandchildren. He is also a father figure to many of his nieces and nephews. Mr. Speaker, Delbert Nelson is a great American whose dedication to serving his country and community is an inspiration. I join with his family, friends, and all of New Jersey in honoring the selfless service of this exceptional man. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sincere recognition of Antonio Thomas James Ruggiero, a decorated veteran of World War II and a personal friend of mine who passed away on April 14, 2016. Tommy, as he was known to his family and friends, was born in Plymouth, Massachusetts on August 25, 1920 to Vincent and Lucia Ruggiero. After graduating from Plymouth High School, Tommy enlisted in the United States Army and served in the 2nd Ranger Battalion’s D Company during the Invasion of Normandy in June of 1944. On DDay, his landing craft was hit by enemy fire, leaving him one of the 90 surviving Rangers stranded in the freezing Atlantic for hours before joining the fight. Later in the war, Tommy also fought in the fierce Battle of Hurtgen Forest and the famed Battle of the Bulge. The Battle of Hurtgen Forest in 1944 was the longest and one of the fiercest battles fought on German soil during World War II. His company was integral in securing the strategic Hill 400 during this battle. For his outstanding military service, Tommy earned a Bronze Star and Purple Heart as well as the highest honor from the French Government, the Croix de Guerre and French Medal of Merit. His exemplary service did not end there, however, In 1947, he joined the Plymouth Fire Department, rising to rank of Captain before retiring in 1975. In addition, he was an active member of the veterans’ community in Massachusetts, participating in local, state and even national events with Presidents and First Ladies to highlight and celebrate the efforts of the men and women who served in uniform. Tommy also worked closely with my office over the years to secure unit citations for the extraordinary efforts of D and F Companies of 2nd Ranger Battalion during the Battle of Hurtgen Forest. Tommy’s perseverance and integrity served as an inspiration for all who knew him and he was an outstanding role model for the community. He leaves behind his wife, Mary, of 68 years as well as a loving daughter, sister, brotherinlaw, nieces and nephews, and will be deeply missed by all those who knew him. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Antonio Thomas James Ruggiero and his distinguished service for our country. I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing the life of a dedicated and honorable public servant. f 
HONORING UNITED STATES AIR FORCE COLONEL DOUGLAS J. SCHWARTZ’S DISTINGUISHED MILITARY CAREER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize United States Air Force Colonel Douglas J. Schwartz and honor him for a decorated career serving our nation. Col. Schwartz began his 34year career in the United States Air Force after receiving his commission through Officer Training School at Purdue University, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in management in 1981. Since then, he has gone on to accumulate more than 4,200 flight hours as a command pilot and receive numerous awards and decorations, including the Meritorious Service Medal with six oak leaf clusters as well as the Air Medal with two oak leaf clusters. During his distinguished career, Col. Schwartz has been stationed throughout the country, operating in large part at Grissom Air Reserve Base (ARE) in Miami County, Indiana. At Grissom ARB, Col. Schwartz has commanded the 434th Air Refueling Wing, the largest KC–135 Stratotanker unit in the Air Force Reserve Command. Within this role, Col. Schwartz has directed the efforts of nearly 1,900 military, civilian, and contractor personnel as they work to advance the mission of the United States Air Force. In addition, he has also commanded such aircraft as the B– 52 and the C–40. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I have seen the impact of Col. Schwartz’s work and his commitment to excellence. His passion for serving the greater good is truly remarkable and deserves the praise of many. From my time working with him, I know Col. Schwartz epitomizes the ideal of servant leadership. Not only that, but he has invested substantially in the Grissom community and has spent his entire career working for the betterment of our country. On behalf of Hoosiers in the Second Congressional District, it is my honor to thank him for his service and sacrifice for our community. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, due to the recent passing of my mother I was unable to cast my vote today for an important piece of legislation. Had I been in the chamber, I would have voted YES on the House amendment to S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016. This legislation will help to strengthen a variety of different treatment and prevention programs to combat heroin and opioid addiction. f 
DR. JULIA M. M CNAMARA, PRESIDENT OF ALBERTUS MAGNUS COLLEGE ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to join the Albertus Magnus College community as they pay tribute to the woman who has led this outstanding institution for the last thirty four years, Dr. Julia M. McNamara. Over the course of her tenure, she has guided Albertus Magnus through a myriad of transitions which have expanded the college in countless ways. Her vision, dedication, and seemingly endless energy have ensured that Albertus Magnus has continually met the changing needs of its students and faculty. To say that Julia has left an indelible mark on this institution would be an understatement. For perspective, just last year Albertus celebrated its 90th Anniversary which means that for more than one third of its existence, Julia has been at its helm. Shortly after she was appointed President, Albertus Magnus became coeducational after sixty years as a women’s college and in that same year, an innovative and highly successful Accelerated Degree Program for adult students was established. Julia oversaw the completion of a $6 million capital campaign, the largest in the school’s history, as well as the construction of stateof theart indoor and outdoor athletic facilities that has allowed the College to join the NCAA Division III. Ensuring that all of their student’s needs were being met, Julia was also instrumental in the College becoming a participant in the Post 9/11 G.I. Bill Yellow Ribbon Program, where Albertus works closely with veterans to help them succeed in accelerated programs. Under Julia’s direction Albertus expanded opportunities for its students with the establishment of the Master of Arts in Liberal Studies Program, the first postgraduate degree in the College’s history, and New Dimensions, a degree completion program for adult professionals, was begun in 1994. Today, the College also offers a Master of Science in Management degree, Master of Arts in Art Therapy—the only one in Connecticut—Master of Business Administration, a Master of Arts in Leadership, Master of Science in Education, Master of Fine Arts in Writing and Master of Science in Human Services, Master of Science in Accounting and the Master of Science in Criminal Justice. Julia’s contributions to our community extend far beyond her work at Albertus Magnus. She is a past Chair of the YaleNew Haven Hospital Board of Trustees and currently serves as Vice Chair. She has also served on the Board of Directors of The Community Foundation for Greater New Haven, the International Festival of Arts & Ideas, the United 
Way of Greater New Haven and the Shubert Theatre. In 1990, she became the first woman to serve on the Committee of the Proprietors of the Common and Undivided Lands, which oversees the use of the New Haven Green and she currently serves on the Board of Directors of the Association of Catholic Colleges and Universities. The Greater New Haven Chamber of Commerce’s Community Leadership Award, the New Haven YWCA’s Women in Leadership Distinguished Service Award, Columbus House’s Outstanding Service to the Community Award, the Academy of Our Lady of Mercy, Lauralton Hall’s Claven Award, and the New Haven Business Times’ Women in Business Lifetime Achievement Award are just a sampling of the myriad of awards and recognitions with which Julia has been honored for her service to the community. I would be remiss if I did not take a moment to extend a personal note of thanks and appreciation to Julia for her many years of friendship and support. In addition to being a constant resource on higher education challenges and policies, she has served on the Ted DeLauro Scholarship Committee, a scholarship given to high school seniors for service to the community which I established in my father’s name, since its inception in 1991. Julia is an extraordinary woman and I, like so many others, consider myself fortunate to call her my friend. Today, as she reflects on her career with Albertus Magnus, family, friends, and colleagues gather to pay tribute to unparalleled leadership and commitment, not only to Albertus Magnus, but to higher education and our community. I am proud to have this opportunity to extend my deepest thanks and appreciation to Dr. Julia M. McNamara for her invaluable contributions. I wish her, her husband, Dick, as well as the apples of their eyes, their three dogs, Kerry, Fiona, and Nova, all the best for many more years of health and happiness as she enjoys her retirement. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to be present for the following Roll Call vote on April 12, 2016 and would like to reflect that I would have voted as follows: Roll Call Number 139: YES. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE WOUND CARE CENTER AT CAROLINAS HEALTHCARE SYSTEM NORTHEAST FOR RECEIVING THE ROBERT A. WARRINER III, M.D., CENTER OF EXCELLENCE AWARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Wound Care Center at Carolinas HealthCare System NorthEast, located in Concord, North Carolina, for earning the Robert A. Warriner III, M.D., Center of Excellence award from Healogics. The dedicated team at the Wound Care Center should take pride in this significant achievement, and the people of Cabarrus County should take comfort in knowing they have such a distinguished group of individuals providing highquality healthcare in our community. The Wound Care Center opened its doors in July of 2012, and has been providing excellent care to the people of our area ever since. In order to earn the Robert A. Warriner III, M.D., Center of Excellence award, the Wound Care Center had to achieve an average patient satisfaction rating of 92 percent, as well as a healing rate of at least 91 percent within a 30– day period. In addition to reaching these high standards, the Wound Care Center had to maintain their performance over a 12month period. Earning this award is truly a reflection of the staff at the Wound Care Center who are able to provide such exceptional service on a consistent basis. What is even more impressive is the fact that this is the third consecutive year the Wound Care Center has earned this honor, which is an astonishing feat. By continuing to focus on the patients they are serving, the Wound Care Center at Carolinas HealthCare System NorthEast is able to continually provide the highest quality of care and customer satisfaction in the field of wound healing. Each member of the team is fully invested in developing a personal connection with patients on their road to recovery. This patientcentered approach should be championed as a model for all medical centers in North Carolina and across the country. With nearly six million people affected by problem wounds across the country at any given time, wound care centers remain an important part of our health care system. There is no doubt in my mind that Wound Care Center at Carolinas HealthCare System NorthEast will continue to be a leader in this crucial field. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating the entire team at the Wound Care Center at Carolinas HealthCare System NorthEast for earning the Robert A. Warriner III, M.D., Center of Excellence award. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Thomas Stolee of Duluth, Minnesota for intervening and ultimately thwarting a suicide attempt. Thomas’s usual Sunday afternoon jog around the University of Minnesota Twin Cities Campus became a lifesaving experience after he spotted a woman standing at the edge of a bridge over the Mississippi River. She appeared ready to jump, and when Thomas asked if she was in trouble, she ordered him to leave. Despite his best efforts at persuasion, the woman proceeded with her attempt to leap from the bridge. At that moment, Thomas jeopardized his own safety as he lunged forward and pulled her back from the precipice. Following the incident, a passing campus security patrol stopped to provide assistance. Thomas saved the life of a total stranger that day. However, those close to him were not surprised by the college freshman’s compassion and heroism. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and thanking Thomas Stolee for his courage in saving the life of a desperate person in need. f 
IN HONOR OF THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MOHAVE ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 70th anniversary of the Mohave Electric Cooperative (MEC). MEC is a locallybased, memberowned, notforprofit electric distribution cooperative that provides electricity to several communities in rural Arizona. When MEC was originally incorporated in 1946 it served just five miles of line and 90 meter locations. Today, under the watchful eye of its Chief Executive Officer, Tyler Carlson, it serves over 1,500 miles of line and more than 39,000 electric meters in the communities of Mohave Valley, Hackberry, Fort Mohave, Peach Springs, and Wickieup, Arizona. MEC was established using a loan from the Rural Electrification Administration. These loans were made available to create energy distribution systems for isolated communities that forprofit power companies considered un profitable. This program brought electricity to communities across the country that may not have received it otherwise—including communities in rural Arizona. In this manner, MEC has brought modern amenities to rural Arizona at affordable rates. It is a true accomplishment and an infrastructure milestone. Because MEC is a memberowned notfor profit their rates reflect their expenses—they are not increased to achieve profitability. This has allowed MEC to establish a history of providing excellent service at competitive rates. I am very grateful for their efforts to supply reliable and affordable electricity to my constituents. I look forward to seeing their continued success over the next 70 years. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 13, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Titan Robotics from Trinity School at Greenlawn in South Bend. Next week, they will travel to California to compete in the Legoland North American Open Invitational Championship. I recently had the opportunity to speak with these students about their project, in which they were challenged to find new ways to help the environment. They discovered that recycling labels on plastic wrappers were often hidden or unclear, making consumers less 
likely to recycle. After hours of research, they proposed a label that would wrap around plastic wrappers, making it easier to see if the product is recyclable. They proposed another label to inform consumers if the product is not recyclable. Mr. Speaker, I commend these kids for their hard work and wish them the best of luck at their competition. I also want to thank the parents, coaches, teachers, principals, and everyone in the community who has supported them. I submit the names of the students and coaches. Names of Students on Titan Robotics: Helena Drake Graham Harding Jackson Kirby Ceci Kurdelak Peter Rossi Names of Coaches on Titan Robotics: Gene Harding Jeff Kirby Frank Rossi 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 2 p.m., on Monday, May 16, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 public bills, H.R. 5223–5242; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 729 and 730 were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4743, to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–565); H.R. 4780, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a comprehensive strategy for Department of Homeland Security operations abroad, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–566); and H.R. 3832, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent taxrelated identity theft and tax fraud, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–567, Part 1).
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yeaandnay vote of 235 yeas to 160 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 192.
Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016: The House passed S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, by a yeaandnay vote of 400 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 193.
Pursuant to H. Res. 725, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the texts of each of the following bills shall be considered as adopted: H.R. 4641, H.R. 5046, H.R. 4063, H.R. 4985, H.R. 5048, H.R. 5052, H.R. 4843, H.R. 4978, H.R. 3680, H.R. 3691, H.R. 1818, H.R. 4969, H.R. 4586, H.R. 4599, H.R. 4976, H.R. 4982, H.R. 4981, and H.R. 1725, in each case as passed by the House.                                                              Page H2346 
H. Res. 725, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (S. 724) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 165 noes, Roll No. 191, after the previous question was ordered by a yeaandnay vote of 232 yeas to 172 nays, Roll No. 190.
Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016—Motion to go to Conference: The House agreed by unanimous consent to the Brooks (IN) motion to take from the Speaker’s table S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, insist on its amendments, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
Debated the Esty motion to instruct conferees. Further proceedings were postponed.
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, May 16th for Morning Hour debate.
Commission on International Religious Freedom—Appointment: The Chair announced the 
Speaker’s appointment of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Commission on International Religious Freedom for a term effective May 14, 2016, and ending May 14, 2018: Mr. Daniel I. Mark of Villanova, PA and Ms. Kristina Arriaga of Alexandria, VA to succeed Dr. Robert P. George.
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H2374. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yeaandnay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2353–54, H2354, H2354–55 and H2373–74. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 1 p.m. 
CONCUSSIONS IN YOUTH SPORTS: EVALUATING PREVENTION AND RESEARCH Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Concussions in Youth Sports: Evaluating Prevention and Research’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. INCORPORATING SOCIAL MEDIA INTO FEDERAL BACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Subcommittee on National Security, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Incorporating Social Media into Federal Background Investigations’’. Testimony was heard from William Evanina, Director of National Counterintelligence and Security Center, Office of the Director of National Intelligence; Beth Cobert, Acting Director, Office of Personnel Management; and Tony Scott, Chief Information Officer, Office of Management and Budget. Joint Meetings 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 4909, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’ [general debate], 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Monday, May 16 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 4:30 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Paula Xinis, of Maryland, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Monday, May 16 
HOUSE Bass, Karen, Calif., E696 Capps, Lois, Calif., E698, E701 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E698, E699 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E699 DeGette, Diana, Colo., E699 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E700 Forbes, J. Randy, Va., E700 Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E701 Green, Al, Tex., E699 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E696 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E697, E701 Jolly, David W., Fla., E697 Keating, William R., Mass., E696, E700 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E695 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E695, E701 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E695, E699 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E696 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E698 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E696 Rothfus, Keith J., Pa., E695 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E698 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E698 Upton, Fred, Mich., E697 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E700, E701 