Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. HURT) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. HURT of Virginia led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND BRIAN BRITTON The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize today’s guest chaplain, Reverend Brian Britton, and thank him for delivering this morning’s invocation. Reverend Britton serves as the senior pastor of The Dwelling Place Church in Williamsburg, Virginia, where he lives with his wife, Valerie, and daughter, Anastasia. In addition to his work in the First District, Reverend Britton pastors a church in Richmond, Virginia, and travels internationally to act as a missionary to communities in Africa, South America, and Central Asia. Pastor Britton will be leaving tomorrow to pursue his work in Africa. Our Nation was built on a foundation of faith. Through Reverend Britton, we can all see firsthand how God uses his ministry to eternally impact the lives of men, women, and children of his church, of his community, of his Commonwealth, and of this world. Thank you, Reverend Britton, for your prayer this morning, and for acting as a spiritual leader to those of the First District. May God continue to bless the Britton family, our Commonwealth, and our country. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Minister MODI. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, distinguished Members of the U.S. Congress, ladies and gentlemen, I am deeply honored by the invitation to address this joint meeting of the U.S. Congress. Thank you, Mr. Speaker, for opening the door of this magnificent Capitol. This temple of democracy has encouraged and empowered other democracies the world over. It manifests the spirit of this great Nation which, in Abraham Lincoln’s words, ‘‘was conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.’’ In granting me this opportunity, you have honored the world’s largest democracy and its 1.25 billion people. As a representative of the world’s largest democracy, it is, indeed, a privilege to speak to the leaders of its oldest. Mr. Speaker, 2 days ago I began my visit by going to the Arlington National Cemetery, the final resting place of many brave soldiers of this great land. I honored their courage and sacrifice for the ideals of freedom and democracy. It was also the 72nd anniversary of the Dday. On that day, thousands from this great country fought to protect the torch of liberty. They sacrificed their lives so that the world lives in freedom. I applaud, India applauds the great sacrifices of the men and women from the land of the free and the home of the brave in service of mankind. India knows what this means because our soldiers have fallen in distant battlefields for the same ideals. That is why the threads of freedom and liberty form a strong bond between our two democracies. Mr. Speaker, our nations may have been shaped by differing histories, cultures, and faiths. Yet, our belief in democracy for our nations and liberty for our countrymen is common. The idea that all citizens are created equal is a central pillar of the American Constitution. Our founding fathers, too, shared the same belief and sought individual liberty for every citizen of India. There were many who doubted India when, as a newly independent nation, we reposed our faith in democracy. Indeed, wagers were made on our failure. But the people of India did not waver. Our founders created a modern nation with freedom, democracy, and 
equality as the essence of its soul. And, in doing so, they ensured that we continued to celebrate our ageold diversity. Today, across its individuals and institutions, in its villages and cities, in its streets and states, anchored in equal respect for all faiths, and in the melody of hundreds of its languages and dialects, India lives as one; India grows as one; India celebrates as one. Mr. Speaker, modern India is in its 70th year. For my government, the constitution is its real holy book. And, in that holy book, freedom of faith, speech and franchise, and equality of all citizens, regardless of background, are enshrined as fundamental rights. Eight hundred million of my countrymen may exercise the freedom of franchise once every 5 years. But all the 1.25 billion of our citizens have freedom from fear, a freedom they exercise every moment of their lives. Distinguished Members, engagement between our two democracies has been visible in the manner in which our thinkers impacted one another and shaped the course of our societies. Thoreau’s idea of civil disobedience influenced our political thoughts. And, similarly, the call by the great sage of India, Swami Vivekananda, to embrace humanity was most famously delivered in Chicago. Gandhi’s nonviolence inspired the heroism of Martin Luther King. Today, a mere distance of 3 miles separates the Martin Luther King Memorial at the Tidal Basin from the statue of Gandhi at Massachusetts Avenue. This proximity of their memorials in Washington mirrors the closeness of ideals and values they believed in. The genius of Dr. Bhimrao ‘‘Babasaheb’’ Ambedkar was nurtured in the years he spent at the Colombia University a century ago. The impact of the U.S. Constitution on him was reflected in his drafting of the Indian constitution some three decades later. Our independence was ignited by the same idealism that fueled your struggle for freedom. No wonder, then, that former Prime Minister of India, Atal Bihari Vajpayee, called India and the U.S. ‘‘natural allies.’’ No wonder that the shared ideals and common philosophy of freedom shaped the bedrock of our ties. No wonder, then, that President Obama has called our ties the defining partnership of the 21st century. Mr. Speaker, more than 15 years ago, Prime Minister Vajpayee stood here and gave a call to step out of the ‘‘shadow of hesitation’’ of the past. The pages of our friendship since then tell a remarkable story. Today, our relationship has overcome the hesitations of history. Comfort, candor, and convergence define our conversations. Through the cycle of elections and transitions of administrations, the intensity of our engagements has only grown. And, in this exciting journey, the U.S. Congress has acted as its compass. You helped us turn barriers into bridges of partnership. In the fall of 2008, when the Congress passed the IndiaU.S. Civil Nuclear Cooperation Agreement, it changed the very colors of leaves of our relationship. We thank you for being there when the partnership needed you the most. You have also stood by us in times of sorrow. India will never forget the solidarity shown by the U.S. Congress when terrorists from across our border attacked Mumbai in November of 2008. And for this, we are grateful. Mr. Speaker, I am informed that the working of the U.S. Congress is harmonious. I am also told that you are well known for your bipartisanship. Well, you are not alone. Time and again, I have also witnessed a similar spirit in the Indian Parliament, especially in our upper House. So, as you can see, we have many shared practices. Mr. Speaker, as this country knows well, every journey has its pioneers. Very early on, they shaped a development partnership, even when the meeting ground was more limited. The genius of Norman Borlaug brought the Green Revolution and food security to my country. The excellence of the American universities nurtured institutions of technology and management in India. And I could go on, but fast forward to the present. The embrace of our partnership extends to the totality of human endeavor, from the depths of the oceans to the vastness of the space. Our science and technology collaboration continues to help us in cracking the ageold problems in the fields of public health, education, food, and agriculture. Ties of commerce and investment are flourishing. We trade more with the U.S. than with any other nation. And the flow of goods, services, and capital between us generates jobs in both our societies. As in trade, so in defense. India exercises with the United States more than we do with any other partner. Defense purchases have moved from almost zero to $10 billion in less than a decade. Our cooperation also secures our cities and citizens from terrorists, and protects our critical infrastructure from cyber threats. Civil nuclear cooperation, as I told President Obama yesterday, is a reality. Mr. Speaker, our peopletopeople links are strong, and there is a close cultural connect between our societies. Siri—you are familiar with the Siri. Siri tells us that India’s ancient heritage of yoga has over 30 million practitioners in the U.S. It is estimated that more Americans bend for yoga than to throw a curve ball. And, no, Mr. Speaker, we have not yet claimed intellectual property right on yoga. Connecting our two nations is also a unique and dynamic bridge of 3 million Indian Americans. Today, they are among your best CEOs, academics, astronauts, scientists, economists, doctors, even spelling bee champions. They are your strength. They are also the pride of India. They symbolize the best of both of our societies. Mr. Speaker, my understanding of your great country began long before I entered public office. Long before assuming office, I traveled coast to coast, covering more than 25 States of America. I realized then that the real strength of the U.S. was in the dreams of its people and the boldness of their ambitions. Today, Mr. Speaker, a similar spirit animates India. Our 800 million youth are especially impatient. India is undergoing a profound social and economic change. A billion of its citizens are already politically empowered. My dream is to economically empower them through many social and economic transformations and do so by 2022, the 75th anniversary of India’s independence. My todo list is long and ambitious but, you will understand, it includes: a vibrant rural economy with a robust farm sector; a roof over each head and electricity for all households; to skill millions of our youth; build 100 smart cities; have broadband for a billion, and connect our villages to the digital world; and create a 21st century rail, road, and port infrastructure. These are not just aspirations: they are goals to be reached in a finite time frame, and to be achieved with a light carbon footprint, with greater emphasis on renewables. Mr. Speaker, in every sector of India’s forward march, I see the U.S. as an indispensable partner. Many of you also believe that a stronger and prosperous India is in America’s strategic interest. Let us work together to convert shared ideals into practical cooperation. There can be no doubt that, in advancing this relationship, both nations stand to gain. As the U.S. businesses search for new areas of economic growth, markets for their goods, a pool of skilled resources, and a global location to produce and manufacture, India could be their ideal partner. India’s strong economy and growth rate of 7.6 percent per annum is creating a new opportunity for our mutual prosperity. Transformative American technologies in India and growing investment by Indian companies in the United States both have a positive impact on the lives of our citizens. Today, for their global research and development centers, India is the destination of choice for the U.S. companies. Looking eastward from India, across the Pacific, the innovation strength of our two countries comes together in California. Here, the innovative genius of America and India’s intellectual creativity are working to shape new industries of the future. Mr. Speaker, the 21st century has brought with it great opportunities, but it has also come with its own set of challenges. While some parts of the world are islands of growing economic prosperity, 
others are mired in conflicts. In Asia, the absence of an agreed security architecture creates uncertainty. Threats of terror are expanding, and new challenges are emerging in cyber and outer space. And global institutions conceived in the 20th century seem unable to cope with new challenges or take on new responsibilities. In this world full of multiple transitions and economic opportunities, growing uncertainties and political complexities, existing threats and new challenges, our engagement can make a difference by promoting: cooperation, not dominance; connectivity, not isolation; inclusive, not exclusive, mechanisms; respect for global commons; and, above all, adherence to international rules and norms. India is already assuming her responsibilities in securing the Indian Ocean region. A strong IndiaU.S. partnership can anchor peace, prosperity, and stability from Asia to Africa and from the Indian Ocean to the Pacific. It can also help ensure security of the sea lanes of commerce and freedom of navigation on the seas. But the effectiveness of our cooperation would increase if international institutions, framed with the mindset of the 20th century, were to reflect the realities of today. Mr. Speaker, before arriving in Washington, D.C., I had visited Herat, in western Afghanistan, to inaugurate the AfghanIndia Friendship Dam, built with Indian assistance. I was also there on Christmas Day last year to dedicate to that proud nation its Parliament, a testimony to our democratic ties. Afghans naturally recognize that the sacrifices of Americans have helped create a better life, but your contribution in keeping the region safe and secure is deeply appreciated even beyond. India, too, has made an enormous contribution and sacrifices to support our friendship with the Afghan people. A commitment to rebuild a peaceful, stable, and prosperous Afghanistan is our shared objective. Yet, distinguished Members, not just in Afghanistan, but elsewhere in south Asia and globally, terrorism remains the biggest threat. In the territory stretching from west of India’s border to Africa, it may go by different names, from LashkareTaiba, to Taliban, to ISIS, but its philosophy is common: of hate, murder, and violence. Although, its shadow is spreading across the world, it is incubated in India’s neighborhood. I commend the Members of the U.S. Congress for sending a clear message to those who preach and practice terrorism for political gains. Refusing to reward them is the first step towards holding them accountable for their actions. The fight against terrorism has to be fought at many levels, and the traditional tools of military, intelligence, or diplomacy alone would not be able to win this fight. Mr. Speaker, we have both lost civilians and soldiers in combating terrorism. The need of the hour is for us to deepen our security cooperation and base it on a policy that isolates those who harbor, support, and sponsor terrorists; that does not distinguish between ‘‘good’’ and ‘‘bad’’ terrorists; and that delinks religion from terrorism. Also, for us to succeed, those who believe in humanity must come together to fight for it as one, and speak against this menace in one voice. Terrorism must be delegitimized. Mr. Speaker, the benefits of our partnership extend not just to the nations and regions that need it most. On our own, and by combining our capacities, we are also responding to other global challenges, including when disaster strikes and where humanitarian relief is needed. Far from our shores, we evacuated thousands from Yemen—Indians, Americans, and others. Nearer home, we were the first responders during Nepal’s earthquake, in the Maldives water crisis, and, most recently, during the landslide in Sri Lanka. We are also one of the largest contributors of troops to U.N. peacekeeping operations. Often, India and the U.S. have combined their strengths in science, technology, and innovation to help fight hunger, poverty, diseases, and illiteracy in different parts of the world. The success of our partnership is also opening up new opportunities for learning, security, and development from Asia to Africa. And the protection of the environment and caring for the planet is central to our shared vision of a just world. For us in India, to live in harmony with Mother Earth is part of our ancient belief, and to take from nature only what is most essential is part of our Indian culture. Our partnership, therefore, aims to balance responsibilities with capabilities, and it also focuses on new ways to increase the availability and use of renewable energy. A strong U.S. support for our initiative to form an International Solar Alliance is one such effort. We are working together not just for a better future for ourselves, but for the whole world. This has also been the goal of our efforts in G20, East Asia Summit, and climate change summits. Mr. Speaker, as we deepen our partnership, there would be times when we would have differing perspectives; but since our interests and concerns converge, the autonomy in decisionmaking and diversity in our perspectives can only add value to our partnership. So, as we embark on a new journey and seek new goals, let us focus not just on matters routine, but also transformational ideas, ideas which can focus not just on creating wealth, but also creating value for our societies; not just on immediate gains, but also longterm benefits; not just on sharing best practices, but also shaping partnerships; and not just on building a bright future for our peoples, but in being a bridge to a more united, humane, and prosperous world. And important for the success of this journey would be a need to view it with new eyes and new sensitivities. When we do this, we will realize the full promise of this extraordinary relationship. Mr. Speaker, in my final thoughts and words, let me emphasize that our relationship is primed for a momentous future. The constraints of the past are behind us, and foundations of the future are firmly in place. In the lines of Walt Whitman: ‘‘The orchestra have sufficiently tuned their instruments; the baton has given the signal.’’ And to that, if I might add, there is a new symphony in play. Thank you, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, and distinguished Members, for this honor. Thank you very much. (Applause, the Members rising.) At 12 o’clock and 11 minutes p.m., His Excellency Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of the Republic of India, accompanied by the committee of escort, retired from the Hall of the House of Representatives. The Assistant to the Sergeant at Arms escorted the invited guests from the Chamber in the following order: The members of the President’s Cabinet; The Acting Dean of the Diplomatic Corps. 
JOINT MEETING DISSOLVED The SPEAKER. The purpose of the joint meeting having been completed, the Chair declares the joint meeting of the two Houses now dissolved. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 13 minutes p.m.), the joint meeting of the two Houses was dissolved. The Members of the Senate retired to their Chamber. The SPEAKER. The House will continue in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
b1246 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York) at 12 o’clock and 46 minutes p.m. 
PRINTING OF PROCEEDINGS HAD DURING RECESS Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the proceedings had during the recess be printed in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4775, OZONE STANDARDS IMPLEMENTATION ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 89, EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT A CARBON TAX WOULD BE DETRIMENTAL TO THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 112, EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS OPPOSING THE PRESIDENT’S PROPOSED $10 TAX ON EVERY BARREL OF OIL Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 767 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), my good friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 767 provides a structured rule for the consideration of three bills. You heard the reading Clerk read them, but I will read them again: H.R. 4775, Ozone Standards Implementation Act; H. Con. Res. 89, Expressing the Sense of Congress that a Carbon Tax would be Detrimental to the United States Economy; and, H. Con. Res. 112, Expressing the Sense of Congress Opposing the President’s Proposed $10 Tax on Every Barrel of Oil. It is a little unusual that we put three different bills into a single rule, but today has been a bit of an unusual day. It has been a bit of an unusual day. Mr. Speaker, it is no surprise to you, standing not 3 feet from where you were just 30 minutes ago was the leader of a democracy of 1.3 billion people. That is 1.3 billion people. In the midst of his remarks, he commented on the reputation of the United States Congress, known far and wide around the globe. He commented on the comity— that is with an ity, not an edy—that we have been known for. And I hope this rule will be no exception, Mr. Speaker. We are not going to agree on all the underlying bills, all the underlying policy, but what we can agree on is that this Congress needs to have its voice heard. If we approve this rule today—and I recommend to all of my colleagues that we do approve this rule today—we will be able to get to the underlying debate. And in the underlying debate, Mr. Speaker, we have two senses of Congress and a piece of legislation—a piece of legislation for which amendments were submitted to the Rules Committee to say that we have ideas as Members of this body about how we can improve the underlying bill. One of them came from my friend from Colorado. I don’t particularly support the idea that he is pushing, but I support his right to have the idea heard on the floor of the House. This rule makes the Polis amendment in order, along with every other nonduplicative amendment submitted. I add nonduplicative because virtually the same amendment was submitted by two different Members and we decided to debate it once instead of twice, as is customary. We are going to disagree, but we are going to have the debate over those disagreements. And my great hope is that the work product we produce will be a stronger work product because we have had an opportunity to discuss it here on the floor. My great hope is that, after we have had a chance to perfect that work product, we will send it on to the Senate with a big bipartisan vote from both parties. Mr. Speaker, it is easy to talk about taxes as if they don’t come from someone. When we have an academic conversation about tax policy, what is the saying? Don’t tax him, don’t tax me, tax the man behind that tree. I have heard folks say: You are always trying to put the tax burden on somebody else. What the President proposed was $10 a barrel on every barrel of oil consumed in America. Now, historically, we have had some low oil prices of late. That $10 a barrel tax would have amounted to almost a 50 percent increase in the cost of a barrel of oil. Today it is going to be closer to a 20 percent increase in the cost of a barrel of oil. This tax is implemented in the name of what, Mr. Speaker? It is in the name of improving our failing infrastructure because we do need to improve our failing infrastructure. We do have to have a conversation about user fees in this country and how it is we are going to build the best logistical system the world has ever known. But that is not what this tax would do. This is a tax that is part of what has been a long campaign against the consumption of any fossil fuels whatsoever. My great frustration, Mr. Speaker, is that if your goal is to reduce the consumption of fossil fuels, we have a lot of ways we can do that. We have a lot of very reasonable ways we can do that. And this proposal makes no effort to try to find the most efficient way to make that happen. It is a blanket $10 a barrel tax across the board. If you are using that barrel of oil to generate spaceage plastics, Mr. Speaker, and you are going to use those 
spaceage plastics to build the most efficient photovoltaic cell array the world has ever known, such as is going on in my district, there is no special dispensation for you. In the name of trying to create a better environment, we will tax the very inputs that we are encouraging folks to use in order to create a better environment. It doesn’t make sense, Mr. Speaker. Folks use it as a bumper sticker line. It is a campaign year. That uncertainty has an impact on job creation. That uncertainty has an impact on where these funds around the globe go toward trying to create a better environment for us all—where those funds land, where those jobs are created. Today this House takes a stand. Today this House makes it clear, even in an election year, even in the uncertainty of a political season, even in this time of conflict on policy, that we can provide some certainty out there for not just the American business community, but the international business community. There is one thing I think that we can all agree on, Mr. Speaker, and that is that America has the most productive workforce the world has ever known. If given a level playing field, there is not a single opportunity that we cannot succeed in. If we commit ourselves to it, we can succeed. Lowerpaying jobs, cheaper finger jobs are always going to go overseas, but the higherpaying jobs, the higher skilled jobs, the energyintensive jobs, those jobs can come here. We have an extraordinary disadvantage in this country in that we have the single worst Tax Code in the world. The single worst. If you want to create a business, if you want to grow jobs, don’t come to America is the tag line that the Tax Code suggests. No one punishes productivity more than we do in America. It is nonsense. We can absolutely fix it. The Speaker and our Ways and Means Committee chairman, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), are working incredibly hard to make that happen. If we go from worst to first in terms of a competitive job code, we bring more jobs to this country. But number two, we have an advantage that no one else does, in that we have gone from being worried during the Carter administration that we would exhaust all of our energy reserves to having the largest energy reserves this Nation has ever known. If you need to produce a product that requires high energy inputs, I challenge you to find a better location than the United States of America. Those jobs are coming here. We have an advantage for job creators here. And what the President would do in his budget is to give that advantage away. And for what? Not because of a coherent energy policy designed to make the world a better place, make the environment a better environment, and the health of American citizens better, but in the name of pursuing an agenda of no fossil fuels—nowhere, nohow. I am glad we are down here having this conversation today, Mr. Speaker. It is one that needs to be had. It is one that has been a long time coming. But we have an opportunity today to speak with one voice in this body. I hope we will speak with one voice in supporting this rule and speak with one voice in supporting the three underlying resolutions. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I am excited to be here today discussing one of these resolutions because it really means something when Members of Congress see fit—and I am talking about the Scalise resolution, H. Con. Res. 89, to say they are against a particular proposal. Quite honestly, this is the first sign of momentum for a carbon tax cut. And you will hear me referring to it as a ‘‘carbon tax cut’’ because that is essentially what it is. It is using carbon tax revenues to cut taxes for the American people, for American businesses. b1300 You don’t see these kinds of resolutions if a concept and an idea don’t have momentum. For instance, my good friend from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) has long been a champion of a proposal to create a sales tax here in our country, a national sales tax of 19, 20 percent, and he is welcome to talk about it on his own time. But I think the gentleman will acknowledge, much to his frustration, that that idea does not seem to be advancing. Now, were it advancing, you might very well see this kind of resolution saying it is not a good idea. There are other Republicans who have ideas to raise the tax rates on lowincome Americans or Americans that are so lowincome they might not even be paying a Federal income tax yet. Again, those ideas don’t generally have momentum, so you don’t see this kind of resolution coming forward to try to stop it. This is the first real chance that Congress has had to vote, in many ways, on the merits of a carbon tax cut and, frankly, I think that this discussion moves us forward, because I fully expect there will be bipartisan opposition to this resolution which opposes, presumably, any and all carbon tax cuts, because what you see is, the oil and gas lobby or, I should say, some segments of the oil and gas lobby because, quite frankly, many international oil and gas industry players actually support a carbon tax cut as a way of their, therefore, getting around this kind of regulatory uncertainty that they see, like, in fact, the ozone rules itself. They see it better to simply establish a price for carbon. But let’s say, of course, there are also those in the oil and gas industry who oppose this carbon tax cut. They are trying to run a strategy to try to lock people down, where, yes, maybe, 10, 5, 12 Republicans will vote for this, whatever it is; but they want to be able to go back and remind Republicans who vote for this now that, in the future, when we are actually moving forward with the carbon tax cut proposal, that they were already on the Record in a particular way. That means they are worried, frankly. That is what that means in ‘‘inside the Beltway speak’’ and ‘‘Washington speak.’’ What does that mean? It means I am excited because I ran for Congress, in part, to pass a carbon tax cut. Let me quote some of the many prominent conservatives that have caused this resolution to come forward in many ways because of the great momentum that a carbon tax cut has. Former Secretary of State George Shultz, Secretary of State under Ronald Reagan, said: ‘‘A carbon tax, starting small and escalating to a significant level on a legislated schedule, would do the trick. I would make it revenueneutral, returning all net funds generated to taxpayers.’’ That is Former Secretary of State George Shultz. Jerry Taylor, of the Niskanen Center, formerly of the Cato Institute, said: ‘‘A carbon tax at the levels presently discussed in Washington would not unduly burden the economy, and that’s particularly true once we consider the nonclimate environmental benefits that would follow from the tax as well as the benefits of any offsetting tax cuts.’’ So in a moment you will hear me talk about the many benefits of this carbon tax cut concept. But what Jerry Taylor at the Niskanen Center has rightfully latched onto is the economic stimulus that can actually be generated by lowering taxes on American businesses, on job creators, on middle income families as an offset from the carbon tax cut. Peter Van Doren of the Cato Institute says: ‘‘The obvious lesson from economics is to increase fossil fuel prices enough through taxation to account for these effects.’’ My good friend, and a personal mentor of mine, Dr. Arthur Laffer, former Economic Adviser under President Reagan, said: ‘‘When you add the national security concerns, reducing our reliance on fossil fuels becomes a no brainer.’’ And he has spoken out in support of, again, a carbon tax cut. Greg Mankiw, the former chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers to George Bush, said: ‘‘I will tell the American people that a higher tax on gasoline is better at encouraging conservation than are heavyhanded CAFE regulations,’’ and ‘‘I will advocate a carbon tax as the best way to control global warming.’’ So, I mean, what you have is many conservatives, free market conservatives lining up to say yes, let’s cut 
taxes and let’s do it by passing a carbon tax cut. I have a letter, Mr. Speaker, that I will include in the RECORD , signed by Niskanen Center, Republican, American Enterprise Institute, R Street Institute, Evangelical Environmental Network in opposition to this resolution by Representative SCALISE . In fact, in part, this letter says, which will be available in the RECORD : ‘‘The least burdensome, most straightforward, and most marketfriendly means of addressing climate change is to price the risks imposed by greenhouse gas emissions via a tax.’’ 
JUNE7, 2016. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE , Later this week Congress will take up a resolution sponsored by Congressman Scalise (RLA1) that expresses the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the economy of the United States. We are concerned that this resolution offers a limited perspective on carbon taxes and is blind to the potential benefits of marketbased climate policy. Legislation that incorporates a carbon tax could include regulatory and tax reforms to make the United States economy more competitive, innovative, and robust, benefiting both present and future generations. We recognize that a carbon tax, like any tax, will impose economic costs. But climate change is also imposing economic costs. This resolution falls short by recognizing the cost of action without considering the cost of staying on our present policy course. There are, of course, uncertainties about the future cost of climate change and, likewise, the cost associated with a carbon tax (much would depend on program design and the pace and nature of technological progress). The need for action, however, is clear. A recent survey of economists who publish in leading peerreviewed journals on these matters found that 93% believe that a meaningful policy response to climate change is warranted. The least burdensome, most straightforward, and most marketfriendly means of addressing climate change is to price the risks imposed by greenhouse gas emissions via a tax. This would harness price signals, rather than regulations, to guide market response. That is why carbon pricing has the support of free market economists, a majority of the global business community, and a large number of the largest multinational private oil and gas companies in the world (the corporate entities among the most directly affected by climate policy). In reaching a conclusion, this resolution neglects the fact that the United States already has a multiplicity of carbon taxes. They are imposed, however, via dozens of federal and state regulations, are invisible to consumers, unevenly imposed across industrial sectors, unnecessarily costly, and growing in size and scope. The policy choice is not if we should price carbon emissions, but how. Unfortunately, this resolution also fails to differentiate between proposals that would impose carbon taxes on top of existing regulations (chiefly the Obama Administration’s Clean Power Plan), and proposals that would impose carbon taxes in place of those existing regulations. Conservatives and free market advocates should embrace the latter, regardless of how they view climate risks. An economywide carbon tax that replaces existing regulatory interventions could reduce the cost of climate policy and deregulate the economy. It could also provide revenue to support progrowth tax reform, including corporate income or payroll tax cuts, which could dramatically reduce overall costs on the economy. Revenues could be applied to compensate those who suffer the most from higher energy costs; the poor, the elderly, and individuals and families living on fixed incomes. Unfortunately, none of those options are presently available because Members of Congress have neglected opportunities to design and debate marketfriendly climate policies in legislation. Instead, they have yielded authority in climate policy design to the Executive Branch. By discouraging a longoverdue discussion about sensible carbon pricing, this resolution frustrates the development of better policy. Sincerely, JERRY TAYLOR , President, Niskanen Center. BOBINGLIS , Executive Director, RepublicEn. APARNA MATHUR , Resident Scholar, American Enterprise Institute. ELILEHRER , President, R Street Institute. THEREV. MITCHELL C. HESCOX , President, Evangelical Environmental Network. ALANVIARD, Resident Scholar, American Enterprise Institute. 
Mr. POLIS. Now, let’s take this back to basic economics. The Supreme Court itself said something along the lines of: power to tax is the power to destroy. That is from an early 19th century case. Whatever you tax, you discourage in the economy. Whatever you don’t tax, you encourage. So you have to look at what you tax. It’s important. Let’s take an example from corporations. We tax corporate profits. Well, it turns out corporate profits are a good thing. We tax individual income. It turns out individual income is a good thing. As policymakers, we shouldn’t seek to discourage activities that help people earn money or help companies earn money. That is exactly what we want people to do. That is exactly what we want companies to do on behalf of their shareholders and their stakeholders. So why not take something that, regardless of what with you think of the science on climate change—and that is not central to this debate on a carbon tax cut. So let’s even start from the assumption that you don’t want to look at the science. You have turned a blind eye to it. You are not at all concerned about climate change, or you don’t think it is manmade. Let’s look, again, at carbon usage in our economy and the negative consequences of it: pollution, meaning air quality—not talking climate change— air quality, increased asthma, increased cancer risk. National security’s concerns, reliant on importing it from foreign companies or, if we are producing it domestically, utilizing a resource that we know will return out in the very bestcase scenario. It is a perishable resource. Once you take it out of the ground, it is gone. So if we can find a way to say, you know what? We would rather have income. We would rather have Americans of all income levels—whether they are earning $1 million a year, or $20,000 a year—we would rather have them keep more of their hardearned money. We would rather have companies keep more of their money to reinvest in job growth here, rather than seek elaborate tax shelters overseas, or inversions, where they move their corporate headquarters overseas because we have one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world. The carbon tax cut presents us with the opportunity for progrowth economic policies that make America more competitive and lets Americans keep more of their hardearned money. That is what excites so many free market conservatives and centrists about the concept of a free market, of a carbon tax cut. That is, frankly, why this great momentum, coming from the American Enterprise Institute, from Cato, from R Street, all of this intellectual fuel, intellectual fuel for a carbon tax cut, that is why, sensing that, some Republicans—in this case, Mr. SCALISE and his cosponsors—have brought forward as a response. This kind of thing only happens in Washington when an idea has momentum. I couldn’t have been more excited when I was back home recently to talk to several of my constituents who are strongly dedicated to a bipartisan solution on climate change. Former Representative Bob Inglis actually came to my district and met with me, met with some of the leadership folks in my district about how we can do something to act on climate from a Republican perspective. And I am firmly of the belief that any action has to be bipartisan. Just looking at the way our country is balanced, I mean, certainly, if the Democrats were in a position where we had 60 seats in the Senate, where we had a majority in the House, where we had the President, I would certainly encourage us to move forward and implement some kind of carbon tax cut; but, frankly, that is an unlikely scenario. It is more likely that a solution will require support from both sides of the aisle, so we should be talking about what it takes to get that kind of support. That is the discussion, the national discussion that former Representative Bob Inglis has dedicated himself to and, frankly, it is the fear of that kind of discussion that has led this body to consider this resolution in opposition to a carbon tax cut that, I am proud to say, will likely have bipartisan opposition; meaning, there will be some Republicans, I hope, I expect, who will stand up and say, wait a minute. I don’t want to go on the 
RECORD saying I am against any kind of carbon tax cut because of the great benefit that this can provide to the American economy. As articulated by Arthur Laffer, as articulated by R Street Institute, we have the ability, with some of that revenue, to really pass progrowth tax cuts to offset the income and the revenue from the carbon tax cut. So the carbon tax cut can reduce the income tax for American families of all income levels. I should point out, Democrats care that lowerincome families spend a higher percentage of their income on fuel, on energy. And we have, in many of the bipartisan concept proposals that are out there, tracked tax credits and tax refunds for lowincome families to make sure that anything we do is not regressive. I think that is a given. I think, obviously, in the same week that the Speaker of the House put out his agenda on poverty, I am sure that he, and many others—the last thing they would want to do is burden lower income Americans with any kind of additional tax. So of course we want to take care of that. The good news is that is only a small fraction of the windfall from the carbon tax cut. It also provides sufficient revenue to reduce corporate tax rates currently among the highest in the world. Of all the developed countries, a 35 percent corporate tax rate. The developed country average is somewhere in the 18, 20 percent range last time I checked. It is one of the reasons that corporations are moving overseas. They are not repatriating their earnings because they don’t want to pay that American income tax. In a global economy, you have to be competitive. It doesn’t mean we have to be the lowest. That is not the value proposition of our country. We have the rule of law. We have a highly educated workforce, but we have to be competitive. So if we can find a way to reduce that corporate tax rate to 25 percent or 20 percent—I applaud the work of Dave Camp, the former Ways and Means chair last session, who boldly proposed a 25 percent income tax rate. The President of the United States, Barack Obama, has proposed a 28 percent corporate income tax rate. So in that range. And that is, by the way, without a carbon tax cut. With a carbon tax cut you can go lower on the corporate income tax. You could run the numbers. You could probably get down to 20 percent. Maybe you could get down to 15 percent. It depends how you allocated it. But that is one of the things that excites many of the strong free market advocates of the carbon tax cut. You could also reduce the individual tax burden for families across all income levels, after we make darn sure that lowincome families are not in any way disproportionately hit. And in no way is this regressive. In fact, Democrats’ preference would prefer this to be accretive for lowincome families, and maybe that is something we can come together around. Certainly something that Democrats and Republicans care about are those who live in poverty and making sure that they, too, see the benefits of the windfall from the carbon tax cut. But, of course, we are also very open—I am, and my Democratic colleagues—to sharing the benefits of the carbon tax cut across the entire spectrum of income earners, with a focus, we hope, on the middle class, with a focus, we hope, on those in poverty. But it does provide an opportunity for Republicans who come to the table around climate, around carbon tax cut to say, you know what? Our priorities include job creators and others which, of course, we all care about job creators, we all about care about S Corps, we all care about all those things. It is simply a matter of priorities. You have to get the revenues to run the government from somewhere. And, separately, we have the discussion about what those appropriation levels are, how much we spend; we have that discussion. Then we have to, somehow, get so much in taxes. It is a question of where it is from. And I believe it should be from things that, regardless of what you believe on climate, we want to discourage, rather than things that we want to encourage. So if we can stop discouraging people from earning money and income, stop discouraging corporations from domiciling their earnings here, from growing, from expanding and, instead, discourage something that, even if you throw out the science on climate, is polluting, and runs out, and is a national security danger because it forces us to rely on other countries, that is something that we should discourage in our economy. So, look, I join George Shultz, Jerry Taylor, Peter Van Doren, Dr. Arthur Laffer, Greg Mankiw, the American Enterprise Institute, and so many others, in saying: the time is now to have this discussion. I applaud Representative SCALISE for initiating this discussion. This is the first sign of momentum that this bill has. And the day that this body considers a bill condemning my friend from Georgia’s national sales tax proposal, I will actually start worrying about it. I will actually start saying wait a minute. I have had many discussions with him, and I have to say it does have its merits. My issues and concerns with it have been around whether or not we can make it progressive rather than regressive and, of course, the potential for black market transactions when you have that level of taxation. It’s a hypothetical discussion at this point. But the day that a resolution comes forth like H.R. 89 around the national sales tax, I will know that that discussion has become a serious one. And I couldn’t be more proud and excited that the discussion around a national carbon tax cut has now become a serious one, a bipartisan one, an inevitable one, one that we will see through with the next President of the United States into law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, with that level of agreement, I am prepared to tell my friend I don’t have any speakers remaining, and if he is prepared to close, we will get right to the underlying bill and exercise that enthusiasm. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have any other speakers, so I will be happy to close. I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I am going to address some of the issues in this rule and in this bill. This rule, which I oppose, and I also oppose all three underlying bills, contain a number of concepts that aren’t going to move forward into law, that are put there for political reasons and, again, very excitingly, the first real discussion of a national carbon tax cut, because that idea has so much bipartisan momentum from the left and the right. b1315 Many of these ideas are simply recycling old ideas, the same ideas that we have discussed before, that they have complained about before that if somehow they were to make it out of the Senate, the President would veto them, particularly, obviously, one that undoes what the President wants to do, so we are simply going through the motions on a lot of these bills. The most notable one is truly the resolution on a carbon tax cut because what this means is that idea has scared enough people, presumably, who oppose it that it is moving forward in some form and some discussion, which is exciting. So let’s start with discussing the proposed $10perbarrel fee on oil. Now, this is, again, kind of a reaction to something that isn’t happening. It is not going to change any current policy. There is no $10perbarrel fee on oil. This is simply about a Chamber saying that they disapprove of something that Obama has said and wants to do. We all agree our country has serious problems with transportation and infrastructure funding. There are many different ways that we can meet the needs to fund those. If people don’t like a perbarrel fee on oil, there are plenty of other ways to do it. The real discussion should be about how do we fund transportation? I am a fan of our bipartisan proposal to allow a repatriation window for funds that corporations have income overseas which they have not brought back to our country because they effectively face another tax with that and a onetime window for doing that. We can create a national infrastructure bank to fund infrastructure. 
There are a lot of great ideas. It is clear—and this will probably pass—the Republicans don’t like a $10perbarrel tax on oil, and that is fine. If you don’t like it, what do you like? How do we want to fund infrastructure? This proposal and this concept came from the administration’s 2017 budget. Frankly, there are probably a lot of things in the President’s budget that my Republican friends don’t like. They could probably run a resolution every week, they could probably run 10 resolutions every week about things that they don’t like in the President’s budget, but that is not really a productive use of this Chamber’s time. That budget didn’t pass. As far as I know, I don’t think that budget got a single vote. It wasn’t put up this year because Republicans haven’t even put up any budgets for our body. They haven’t offered a budget. The last time the Republicans put budgets forward—and I believe the last budget, if I am not mistaken, did not contain the $10perbarrel tax on oil. That was in the President’s budget for fiscal year 2017, but the prior one did not receive any votes from Democrats or Republicans. So this vote, at best, is repetitive because already this body has rejected the President’s last budget. Were the Republicans to bring forward the President’s budget for 2017, they would likely—again, as has traditionally occurred, as far as I know, throughout history—overwhelmingly reject that budget. So, in part, let me be clear, that is because we believe, I believe as a Member of Congress, that the budget is a legislative prerogative. I don’t think there has been a Presidential budget that has been passed. In fact, I and, I think, most, if not all, of my Democratic colleagues joined in opposing the President’s budget because we had our own congressional Democrats’ budget. Not only one, there were two or three congressional Democratic budgets, and there were several Republican budgets, but that is a matter of legislative prerogative. We, of course, want to hear ideas from the chief executive, whoever she is, but we also want to implement our own budget because it is our prerogative as the United States Congress with the power of the purse to do that. But considering the fact that Big Oil and Gas get huge tax subsidies every year, I personally believe that this kind of modest oil fee is a reasonable way to look at and have in the mix when talking about how to fund infrastructure. If there are other ideas—people have talked about vehicle miles driven, people have talked about a number of different ways. There is no Republican or Democratic road. We all drive on roads. We all need roads. We all need bridges. I know the Republicans in good faith, along with Democrats, know we need to fund our national infrastructure. And if you don’t like a particular way of doing that, by all means, put other ideas on the table. But it isn’t productive, and it doesn’t move anything forward just to take one item from a President’s budget that you didn’t even allow to have a vote and that very few people support and say: We don’t like that. I think we knew that before you had the vote. I think we knew you didn’t like the President’s budget overall. You are welcome to have the vote. It isn’t going anywhere. It won’t pass the Senate. It isn’t a matter for actual consideration. Next, we have the sense of Congress on the carbon tax cut. Again, I couldn’t be more excited. I have been feeling from my friends on the right that there has been more interest in this concept of a carbon tax cut. I really see that coming to fruition that it is actually serious enough and mainstream enough that those who don’t like the concept are putting up some kind of proactive defense. So I really think it is a matter of time. I think it is going to be great for our economy that we can cut taxes for American businesses, for job creators, and for middle income. We can make sure it is progressive and doesn’t additionally burden many of those in poverty. It can be a net benefit to incomes of individuals below the poverty line. I couldn’t be more excited about this concept of a carbon tax cut. Frankly, it is the first discussion on the floor of that concept, I believe, since Republicans have taken control of this body, and I think it is a harbinger of many things to come on something that can be great and, frankly, supported from across the ideological spectrum to make our country more competitive. Finally, I want to move to what is being called the Ozone Standards Implementation. Now, this also feels like we have been here before and done that before. It feels a little bit like deja vu because this bill essentially repackages a bunch of bills attacking Ozone Standards and the Clean Air Act that we have seen here and voted on over the last several years. Again, this bill won’t pass the Senate. It certainly wouldn’t be signed by the President. It is not clear why we are doing it. It seems to be filling our time, but I would hope that we have more important issues to work on on behalf of the American people. Like, for instance, the public health threat of the Zika virus is one. How about bringing up a bipartisan constitutional amendment that will help us move towards a balanced budget? How about improving our entitlement programs to make sure they are there for the next generation of Americans? How about passing comprehensive immigration reform to restore the order of law and allow 10 million people to come out of the shadows and work legally and abide by their responsibilities under American law that we can enforce going forward? I am glad that one of my amendments to the ozone bill was made in order. My colleague from Georgia mentioned that. He said he may not personally be supportive of it. I will certainly be making the case for my fourth time and hoping to gain his support, because what my amendment does is it would close an oil and gas industry loophole to the Clean Air Act’s aggregation requirement, which I will be talking more about today. Currently, under current law, the oil and gas industry doesn’t have to aggregate its small air pollution sources, even though cumulatively they release large amounts of air pollutants. Again, what that means in a district like mine where there are many fracking pads, there is, of course, an emission profile to each of these, but because they are small sites, they are not aggregated. We happen to have a county, Weld County, Colorado, with over 20,000 operating wells. When you get up to that kind of number, you can no longer round down to zero. In the aggregate, those wells look a lot more like a number of large, industrial plants that otherwise would fall under the Clean Air Act than simply small sites that can be rounded down to zero. I couldn’t be more excited to have the opportunity to finally bring up my amendment and hopefully adopt it so we can improve the Clean Air Act instead of many of the other provisions of the bill which would eviscerate the Clean Air Act. This is a serious issue. Between 1980 and 2014, emissions of six air pollutants controlled by the Clean Air Act have dropped by 63 percent. That is good news. We should be doing more, not less, to encourage clean air with the longterm savings of the health of the American people as well as a reduction of costly diseases like asthma. A recent peerreviewed study estimates that the Clean Air Act will save more than 230,000 lives and will prevent millions of cases of respiratory problems. But instead of strengthening that act, the provisions of the bill will delay the implementation of the updated 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards by States, a position that is opposed by a broad coalition of scientists and many other groups that care about public health. The connection between air quality and asthma, of which our country has 25 million sufferers, is well established. Clean air is integral to quality of life, and the last thing we should do is tear down the protections that allow kids to play outside, and that allow adults to recreate outside and enjoy themselves while continuing to breathe clean air. Again, I am not worried about this bill becoming law. It won’t pass the Senate, and, obviously, since it undoes some of President Obama’s actions somehow were it to reach his desk, I am confident that it would be vetoed. The problems go on and on with this bill. I do hope that my amendment passes. It is the first opportunity that I have had to bring forward my BREATHE Act, which has over 50 cosponsors to actually bring it forward 
for a vote and a discussion. We haven’t been able to get that floor time until now. So, all in all, I think this is an encouraging week. On the one hand, we finally get to discuss a carbon tax cut—how exciting—and also, we finally realize that people are actually worried enough about this happening that they are running some kind of proactive strategy to try to lock people down. Wow. This is happening. We are going to have a carbon tax cut sometime in the next few years. This is great. Second, I finally get the BREATHE Act, for it is an amendment to close a loophole for oil and gas in the Clean Air Act. Again, I don’t expect that to pass. I hope to have good support, and, of course, I call upon my friends to reject the underlying bills. Instead of continuing the climatedenying work of the majority that these three bills kind of double down on, we should be focusing on creating jobs, tax reform, which, again, a carbon tax cut would allow us a foray into cutting taxes for corporations, cutting taxes for individuals. And yet again, instead of focusing on the needs of middle class Americans, instead of focusing on shrinking the deficit, instead of focusing on reducing subsidies for oil and gas companies, we are furthering our reliance on legacy, dirty energy systems to power what we hope is an economy of the future. It is the wrong way to go. I encourage Members to look in the mirror, think about the health of themselves, of their children, of their parents, the elderly, and those most at risk and ask about how those bills would impact them. The answer is obvious, and I think that, hopefully, the answer that this body gives to these bills will also be obvious. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that fully funds the administration’s effort to mount a robust and longterm response to the growing Zika crisis. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question so we can focus this body on Zika and the public health risk to the American people, to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, to vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bills, but, frankly, to move forward with the door having been opened for this discussion and this coalition between left and right on a carbon tax cut proposal. Let’s take advantage of that door being opened a crack, and let this be the start of something really great and the start of something really special that can help launch the next decade and more of stronger, pro growth economic policies letting American families keep more of their hardearned income and encouraging American companies to stay put rather than move overseas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when you turn on the television, when you open up a newspaper here in the election season, it seems like folks are pretty angry. I enjoy coming down to the floor on rules to work with my friend from Colorado because I genuinely enjoy him. If we are going to get anything done across the aisle, I have no doubt that he is going to be a part of that solution. As you listen to his words down here today, you heard that. Time and time again, there are things we can do together, there are ways we can be better together. Let’s find some commonsense alternatives. Sadly, in an election year like this, oftentimes that is as far as the conversation goes. If you can’t fit it on a bumper sticker, you don’t have that conversation. You heard the gentleman say—for example, with respect to my own tax bill, H.R. 25, the FairTax, the most widely cosponsored fundamental tax reform bill in the entire United States Congress, he had favorable things to say. But if you look at any Democratic Congressional Campaign Committeerun advertisement, they skewer the men and women who take a chance on growing the economy with the FairTax. They skewer the men and women who take a chance on repealing the taxes, the most burdensome tax on the 80 percent of American working families who have to pay it. In the name of politics, folks don’t get past the bumper sticker to the real substance. I listen to my friend from Colorado. He gives me hope. He gives me hope that we are going to be able to get over that line, Mr. Speaker. But the truth is, we have to get past the bumper sticker slogan. My friend from Colorado is going to be part of whatever fundamental tax reform change is made here. But we ought to be able to agree that just adding more taxes to an already broken system—as the President proposes—can’t possibly be the right answer. My friend is absolutely right that we need to fund American infrastructure, and I would argue the userfee system is the way to do it. Not repatriation, which takes completely unconnected dollars, but user fees which say that, if you are on the roads, you should pay for the roads. But that is a discussion we will have to have. b1330 This is the right place to have that discussion. We will have that discussion, and I hope that we will come to a conclusion. My friend says that job creation is job one, but supports complete reregulation of industries which is destroying jobs across this country. I will give you an example, Mr. Speaker, and it is what is so frustrating to folks back home. Again, Prime Minister Modi stood where you are standing. He spoke for 1.3 billion people. I only speak for about 700,000. But those 700,000 open up the newspaper when they get into their office on a Monday morning, trying to comply with the National Ambient Air Quality Standards, the ozone standards. Those standards, released in 2008, finally got around to having the regulations for how to comply with them finalized in March of 2015. I will say that again. This crisis of human health that my friend has described, we identified in 2008, and the administration got around to telling folks what the rules were by March of 2015. So all the job creators across the country began to scramble to comply with those rules, Mr. Speaker. And then in October of 2015, the administration says: Oh, no, wait. We have a much better idea. Now let’s do ozone compliance, part two. In 2008, we decided we had an issue we wanted to address. In March of 2015, the administration finally got around to addressing it. As soon as folks began to spend the money and the intellectual effort to comply with those rules, by October of that same year, the administration says: Oh, no. We have got a better idea. Scrap that. When my friend reads from all of the conservative economists, the libertarian economists, the folks who care about making sure our limited resources do the most good for the American people and those folks support a carbon tax, they don’t support a carbon tax in addition to the nonsensical regulatory structure that I have just described. They support a carbon tax instead of that structure. If we monetize harms in this country, we don’t have to have a bureaucracy that guesses at what the issues are; we don’t have to have a bureaucracy that moves not in a day or a week or a month, but takes years, almost decades, to move in the marketplace. We move quickly, and we maximize. For every dollar that compliance costs, for every dollar that environmental stewardship costs, for every dollar that NG exploration costs, we get the maximum return for every American family. I think there is a pathway there. I think there is a pathway there. But understand, more of the same won’t get us there. The power to tax is the power to destroy. Stop destroying job creation. The power to tax is the power to destroy. Stop destroying American corporations and moving them overseas. Golly, we have got opportunity to come together. I believe these three provisions before us, Mr. Speaker, are going to move us in that direction. Make no mistake; our ozone bill that we have before us today makes every amendment from this body in order— 
save one that was virtually exactly the same as another, and we didn’t want to be duplicative here of the Members’ time—made every discussion in order, including the one from the gentleman from Colorado. The sense of Congress today says we don’t need to tax fossil fuels as an answer to anything, that taxes are just taxes; and in the absence of a coherent environmental policy, in the absence of a coherent stewardship policy, in the absence of men and women on the ground who are balancing the needs of jobs and the needs of community, it is just a bumper sticker slogan. Let’s reject bumper sticker slogans today. Let’s take advantage of the serious men and women that serve in this institution, like the gentleman from Colorado. Let’s get together and do the heavy lifting. Mr. Speaker, if it were easy, they would have done it already. The reason you are here, the reason my friend from Colorado is here, and the reason I am here is not to do the easy things; it is to do the hard things. What I have come to know in my 5
1⁄2 years in this institution is I have not met a man or a woman who is serious about making a difference for the country who wouldn’t take their voting card and turn it in tomorrow if they could make that kind of lasting difference that would serve not just this generation, but generations to come. We have that opportunity, Mr. Speaker. It is an election year, but let’s not squander it. We can make these next 8 months count for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support for the rule. I urge support for the underlying resolutions as well, but I urge strong support for the rule that will begin this discussion. The material previously referred to by Mr. POLIS is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on adoption of the resolution, if ordered; the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 3826; and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 230, nays 163, not voting 40, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Black Ca´rdenas Cummings Deutch Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Farr Fattah Fincher Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Herrera Beutler Huffman Hunter Hurt (VA) Jeffries Lee Lieu, Ted McCarthy Miller (FL) Nadler Pallone Payne Pompeo Rooney (FL) Royce Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Sires Smith (NJ) Takai Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine 
b1357 Mr. COOPER changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. RIGELL changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 273, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for rollcall vote No. 273 on Ordering the Previous Question on H. Res. 767, Providing for consideration of H.R. 4775, the Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016; providing for consideration of H. Con. Res. 89, expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy; and providing for consideration of H. Con. Res. 112. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 235, noes 163, not voting 35, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—163 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Black Ca´rdenas Conyers Cummings Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Herrera Beutler Huffman Hunter Jeffries Johnson (GA) Lee Lieu, Ted Luetkemeyer McCarthy Nadler Payne Pittenger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sires Takai Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine 
b1403 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 274. 
MOUNT HOOD COOPER SPUR LAND EXCHANGE CLARIFICATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3826) to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 401, nays 2, not voting 30, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Black Ca´rdenas Cummings Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Herrera Beutler Huffman Hunter Jeffries Kennedy Lee Lieu, Ted McCarthy Nadler Payne Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sires Takai Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 4775. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 767 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 4775. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1415 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 4775) to 
facilitate efficient State implementation of groundlevel ozone standards, and for other purposes, with Mr. JODY B. HICEof Georgia in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ). Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), the chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, jobs, the economy, and public health all are very critical priorities for the American people. It is possible, in fact, to pursue policies that simultaneously protect all three of them. Today we have a balanced approach in the Ozone Standards Implementation Act, and it does exactly that. Addressing ozone levels has been one of the major successes of the 1970 Clean Air Act. Across the country, ozone levels, in fact, have declined dramatically, having declined nearly onethird since 1980. The EPA’s 2008 ozone standard would have continued that success by setting out a program to achieve further reductions for many years to come. But the EPA failed to finalize the implementing regs and guidance for the 2008 rule until just last year, and as a result, States are currently still in the process of implementing the rule. Although EPA had difficulty finalizing the 2008 regs, the Agency had no such problems coming up with a new ozone standard so unworkable for certain areas of the country that even the Agency itself concedes the technologies to fully implement and to comply still don’t exist. And now, States are stuck with the impossible task of applying both standards concurrently. In my district in southwest Michigan, in Allegan County, you could, in fact, remove every piece of human activity—roads, barbecues, jobs, move everybody out—and the region still would be in nonattainment because of the ozone that is generated from Chicago, Milwaukee, and Gary, Indiana. The new standard would result in potentially hundreds of counties across the Midwest—certainly a good number of them in Michigan—that would be designated as nonattainment, resulting in fewer new businesses or expansions of existing ones, and even fewer major construction and other infrastructure projects. The threat of future nonattainment designation has a chilling effect and encourages employers to move someplace else, even out of the United States to relocate abroad. So it is essentially often a kiss of death for economic growth, and it comes at a time when our fragile economy can least afford it. This thoughtful solution, this bill, retains the 2008 standard—yes, it does— but it provides additional time for States to comply with the new standard until after the current one has been fully implemented. It is common sense. Under this bill, we will have in place a more streamlined and effective schedule to ensure continued improvements in air quality in the years ahead. The bill also has a number of sensible provisions to address practical implementation challenges that States face under the National Ambient Air Quality Standards program. It extends the mandatory review process from 5 years to a more workable 10, while allowing the EPA Administrator the discretion to review and revise standards earlier if circumstances warrant. It requires that EPA’s implementing regs and guidance come out along with a new standard so that States and affected entities will have the direction that they need to comply. The good news is, under this bill, ozone levels continue their longterm downward trend, and we can accomplish that goal without jeopardizing jobs. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, here we go again. We should be addressing our failing infrastructure, funding the National Institutes of Health or the Centers for Disease Control to control Zika, helping the people of Flint who were exposed to lead in the drinking water, investing in clean energy, mitigating the risks of climate change, and fulfilling our constitutional responsibility to fund our government. Instead of attending to the many important challenges we face, we are here to consider yet another bill that will undermine our Clean Air Act. Consideration of this bill is a waste of time. No wonder people across the country are frustrated and disappointed with Washington. We are not doing the things that will create opportunities to inspire our young people and fully employ everyone who wants and needs to work. Instead of doing something to improve public health and our environment, we are trying to undermine those dynamics. H.R. 4775 is a bill that will do nothing to further improve our air quality. It offers no assistance to State and local governments. It offers no assistance to businesses that want to do the right thing and find ways to improve our environmental and social performance of their operations. This bill creates new loopholes through which polluters will add toxic substances to our air and erode the substantial gains we have made in public health under the Clean Air Act. H.R. 4775 has taken many approaches to undermining the Clean Air Act: it doubles the NAAQS review cycle from 5 to 10 years, which will prevent standards from being set using the most up todate science; it delays the implementation of the 2015 ozone NAAQS up to 8 years; and it alters the criteria for establishing a NAAQS from one based solely on protecting public health to one that would include considerations of affordability and current technical feasibility. These are just a few among many harmful changes in this bill. That is why this bill has inspired such opposition. We have received letters of opposition signed by more than 130 environmental and public health organizations as well as a veto threat from the President’s administration. There is nothing new here. Once again, we hear the false choice presented: jobs or clean air. But that is not the choice, and we have decades of experience with local and Federal policy to regulate air pollution as proof that we do not have to choose between being employed and being healthy. This false choice is even more absurd when you consider that there is one choice we must make every day about 20,000 times to stay alive: the choice to breathe. That is the average number of breaths that each adult takes every day of his or her life. Children, whose lungs are smaller average more breaths than that; and if you are exercising, that number will understandably be higher as well. That is a lot of exposure. So it is vitally important that the air we take in some 20,000 times per day is as clean as possible. Ozone is extremely harmful. We have known this for about 70 years. We did not know the precise chemical nature of ozone back in 1947 when the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors established the Nation’s first air pollution control program. Back then it was called smog. In the middle of a heat wave, the smog that formed over L.A. caused people’s eyes to burn and a scraping sensation in their throats. It literally became painful to breathe. Although Los Angeles has long been recognized as a location with special challenges in air pollution due to geography and prevailing weather patterns, it is not the only city that experienced these problems. They were reported in other industrial cities as well. We have come a long way since that time, but we did not clean up the air significantly until we created an enforceable regulatory structure that applied a set of standards to both businesses and individuals. H.R. 4775 undermines the single most important criteria in the Clean Air Act: the mandate to set a standard that will allow every one of our citizens, no matter their age or location, to take 20,000 breaths of clean, safe air every day. We can certainly afford clean air. In fact, we must afford clean air. We have demonstrated time and time again that we can develop and deploy technologies that will achieve those ends. H.R. 4775 is a dangerous and unnecessary bill, and I oppose the bill. I urge my colleagues to reject this latest assault on public health and to support the further improvements of air quality for our constituents. 
Mr. Chair, I include in the R ECORD , for the sake of this dialogue, the over 130 letters of opposition we have received. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
MAY10, 2016. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : Clean air is fundamental for good health, and the Clean Air Act promises all Americans air that is safe to breathe. The undersigned public health and medical organizations urge you to oppose H.R. 4775, the socalled ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016.’’ Despite the clear scientific evidence of the need for greater protection from ozone pollution, and the Clean Air Act’s balanced implementation timeline that provides states clear authority and plenty of time to plan and then work to reduce pollution to meet the updated standard, H.R. 4775 imposes additional delays and sweeping changes that will threaten health, particularly the health of children, seniors and people with chronic disease. In contrast to what the bill’s title implies, H.R. 4775 reaches far beyond implementation of the current ozone standards. It also permanently weakens the Clean Air Act and future air pollution health standards for all criteria pollutants. Specifically, H.R. 4775 weakens implementation and enforcement of all lifesaving air pollution health standards including those for carbon monoxide, lead, nitrogen dioxide, ozone, particulate matter, and sulfur dioxide. It would also permanently undermine the Clean Air Act as a public health law. The Clean Air Act requires that the Environmental Protection Agency review the science on the health impacts of carbon monoxide, lead, nitrogen dioxide, ozone, particulate matter, and sulfur dioxide air pollutants every five years and update these national ambient air quality standards according to the current science. H.R. 4775 would lengthen the review period of the air pollution health standards from once every five years to once every ten years for all criteria pollutants. As the science continues to evolve, EPA and states should have the best and most current data inform air pollution cleanup. New research shows additional impacts that air pollution has on human health. For example, on March 29, 2016, a new study, Particulate Matter Exposure and Preterm Birth: Estimates of U.S. Attributable Burden and Economic Costs, was published that shows particulate air pollution is linked to nearly 16,000 preterm births per year. Under H.R. 4775, EPA would have to wait as much as a decade to consider new evidence when setting standards. Ten years is far too long to wait to protect public health from levels of pollution that the science shows are dangerous or for EPA to consider new information. In the 2015 review of the ozone standard, EPA examined an extensive body of scientific evidence demonstrating that ozone inflames the lungs, causing asthma attacks, resulting in emergency room visits, hospitalizations, and premature deaths. A growing body of research indicates that ozone may also lead to central nervous system harm and may harm developing fetuses. In response to the evidence, EPA updated the ozone standards. While many of our organizations called for a more protective level, there is no doubt that the new 70 parts per billion standard provides greater health protections compared to the previous standard. H.R. 4775 would delay implementation of these more protective air pollution standards for at least eight years. This means eight years of illnesses and premature deaths that could have been avoided. Parents will not be told the truth about pollution in their community and states and EPA will not work to curb pollution to meet the new standards. The public has a fundamental right to know when pollution in the air they breathe or the water they drink threatens health, and Congress must not add eight years of delay to health protections and cleanup. H.R. 4775 would also permanently weaken implementation of the 2015 and future ozone standards. It would reduce requirements for areas with the most dangerous levels of ozone. Areas classified as being in ‘‘extreme nonattainment’’ of the standard would no longer need to build plans that include additional contingency measures if their initial plans fail to provide the expected pollution reductions. The Clean Air Act prioritizes reducing air pollution to protect the public’s health, but H.R. 4775 opens a new opportunity for communities to avoid cleaning up, irrespective of the health impacts. Further, the bill would greatly expand the definition of an exceptional event. Under the Clean Air Act, communities can demonstrate to EPA that an exceptional event—such as a wildfire—should not ‘‘count’’ in determining whether their air quality meets the national standards. This bill would recklessly expand the definition of exceptional events to include high pollution days when the air is simply stagnant—the precise air pollution episodes the Clean Air Act was designed to combat—and declare those bad air days as ‘‘exceptional.’’ Changing the accounting rules will undermine health protection and avoid pollution cleanup. Additionally, the bill would permanently weaken the Clean Air Act. The Clean Air Act is one of our nation’s premier public health laws because it puts health first. The Act has a twostep process: first, EPA considers scientific evidence to decide how much air pollution is safe to breathe and sets the standard that is requisite to protect public health with an adequate margin of safety. Then, states work with EPA to develop a plan to clean up air pollution to meet the standard. Cost and feasibility are fully considered in the second phase during implementation of the standard. This bill states that if EPA finds that ‘‘a range of levels’’ of an air pollutant protect public health with an adequate margin of safety, then EPA may consider technological feasibility in choosing a limit within that range. Further, the bill would interject implementation considerations including adverse economic and energy effects into the standard setting process. These changes will permanently weaken the core healthbased premise of the Clean Air Act—protecting the public from known health effects of air pollution with a margin of safety. H.R. 4775 is a sweeping attack on lifesaving standards that protect public health from air pollution. This bill is an extreme attempt to undermine our nation’s clean air health protections. Not only does it delay the long overdue updated ozone standards and weaken their implementation and enforcement, it also permanently weakens the health protections against many dangerous air pollutants and the scientific basis of Clean Air Act standards. Please prioritize the health of your constituents and vote NO on H.R. 4775. Sincerely, Allergy & Asthma Network, Alliance of Nurses for Healthy Environments, American Academy of Pediatrics, American College of Preventive Medicine, American Lung Association, American Public Health Association, American Thoracic Society, Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America, Children’s Environmental Health Network, Health Care Without Harm, March of Dimes, National Association of County & City Health Officials, National Environmental Health Association, Physicians for Social Responsibility, Public Health Institute, Trust for America’s Health. LEAGUE OF  CONSERVATION VOTERS , Washington, DC, June 7, 2016. Re: Oppose H.R. 4775—Extreme Attack on Smog Protections & the Clean Air Act. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members, the League of Conservation Voters (LCV) works to turn environmental values into national priorities. Each year, LCV publishes the National Environmental Scorecard, which details the voting records of members of Congress on environmental legislation. The Scorecard is distributed to LCV members, concerned voters nationwide, and the media. LCV urges you to vote NO on H.R. 4775, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act,’’ a radical bill that jeopardizes the health of the American people by undermining the EPA’s recentlyupdated standards for ozone pollution (a.k.a. smog) and eviscerating a central pillar of the Clean Air Act. The Clean Air Act was enacted with strong bipartisan support and is based on the central premise that clean air protections for dangerous pollutants like smog, soot, carbon monoxide, sulfur dioxide and lead be based solely on the bestavailable health science. The law’s drafters structured the law in this manner because Americans deserve to know if their air is safe to breathe or not. For the first time ever, H.R. 4775 would allow the EPA to consider factors unrelated to health, like technical feasibility in the initial standard setting process. States consider feasibility and cost when they implement the standards. This system has worked extremely well since 1970 as air quality has improved dramatically while the economy has grown. The bill would also gut EPA’s ozone standards, which were updated last fall. H.R. 4775 would delay these vital health protections by at least ten years and double the law’s current fiveyear review periods for updating ozone and all national air quality standards allowing unhealthy air to persist even longer. High ozone levels pose a significant threat to our health, and are especially dangerous for children, the elderly, and asthmatics. We urge you to REJECT H.R. 4775 and will strongly consider including votes on this bill in the 2016 Scorecard. If you need more information, please call my office and ask to speak with a member of our Government Relations team. Sincerely, GENEKARPINSKI , President. 
JUNE7, 2016. DEARSENATOR /REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members, the undersigned 118 organizations urge you to oppose the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act’’ (H.R. 4775, S. 2882). The innocuoussounding name is misleading: this legislation would actually systematically weaken the Clean Air Act without a single improvement, undermine Americans’ 46year right to healthy air based on medical science, and delay life saving health standards already years overdue. This bill’s vision of ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation’’ eliminates health benefits and the right to truly safe air that Americans enjoy under today’s law. First, the legislation would delay for ten years the right 
to safer air quality, and even the simple right to know if the air is safe to breathe. Corporations applying for air pollution permits would be free to ignore new ground level ozone (aka smog) health standards during these additional ten years. For the first time the largest sources of air pollution would be allowed to exceed health standards. The bill would also outright excuse the parts of the country suffering the worst smog pollution from having backup plans if they do not reduce pollution. The most polluted parts of the country should not stop doing everything they can to protect their citizens’ health and environment by cleaning up smog pollution. This bill is not content to merely weaken and delay reductions in smog pollution. It also strikes at our core right to clean air based on health and medical science. The medicallybased health standards that the law has been founded on for 46 years instead could become a political football weakened by polluter compliance costs. This could well result in communities being exposed to unhealthy levels of smog and soot and sulfur dioxide and even toxic lead pollution. The bill would also double the law’s fiveyear review periods for recognizing the latest science and updating health standards, which are already frequently years late; this means in practice that unhealthy air would persist for longer than ten years. The legislation also weakens implementation of current clean air health standards. The bill expands exemptions for ‘‘exceptional events’’ that are not counted towards compliance with health standards for air quality, even when air pollution levels are unsafe. This will mean more unsafe air more often, with no responsibility to clean it up. Requirements meant to ensure progress toward reducing smog and soot pollution would shift from focusing on public health and achievability to economic costs. Despite the bland name ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act,’’ this bill represents an extreme attack on the most fundamental safeguards and rights in the Clean Air Act. Since 1970, the Federal Clean Air Act has been organized around one governing principle—that the EPA must set health standards based on medical science for dangerous air pollution, including smog, soot and lead, that protect all Americans, with ‘‘an adequate margin of safety’’ for vulnerable populations like children, the elderly and asthmatics. This legislation eviscerates that principle and protection. We urge you to oppose H.R. 4775 and S. 2882, to protect our families and Americans’ rights to clean air. Sincerely, 350KC; 350 Loudoun; Alaska Community Action on Toxics; Alton Area Cluster UCM (United Congregations of MetroEast); Brentwood House California Latino Business Institute; Center for Biological Diversity; Chesapeake Physicians for Social Responsibility; Chicago Physicians for Social Responsibility; Citizens for Clean Air; Clean Air Watch; Clean Water Action; Cleveland Environmental Action Network; Climate Action Alliance of the Valley; Connecticut League of Conservation Voters; Conservation Voters for Idaho; Conservation Voters of South Carolina; Dakota Resource Council; Earth Day Network; Earthjustice. Earthworks; Environment Iowa; Environment America; Environment Arizona; Environment California; Environment Colorado; Environment Connecticut; Environment Florida; Environment Georgia; Environment Illinois; Environment Maine; Environment Maryland; Environment Massachusetts; Environment Michigan; Environment Minnesota; Environment Missouri; Environment Montana; Environment Nevada; Environment New Hampshire; Environment New Jersey. Environment New Mexico; Environment North Carolina; Environment Ohio; Environment Oregon; Environment Rhode Island; Environment Texas; Environment Virginia; Environment Washington; Environmental Defense Action Fund; Environmental Entrepreneurs (E2); Environmental Law & Policy Center; Ethical Society of St. Louis; Faith Alliance for Climate Solutions; Florida Conservation Voters; Fort Collins Sustainability Group; GreenLatinos; Health Care Without Harm; Iowa Interfaith Power & Light; Jean Michel Cousteau’s Ocean Futures Society; KyotoUSA. Labadie Environmental Organization (LEO); Latino Donor Collaborative; League of Conservation Voters; League of Women Voters; Maine Conservation Voters; Maryland League of Conservation Voters; Michigan League of Conservation Voters; Moms Clean Air Force; Montana Conservation Voters Education Fund; Montana Environmental Information Center; National Parks Conservation Association; Natural Resources Defense Council; NC League of Conservation Voters; Nevada Conservation League; New Mexico Environmental Law Center; New York League of Conservation Voters; Northern Plains Resource Council; OEC Action Fund; Ohio Organizing Collaborative, Communities United for Responsible Energy; Oregon League of Conservation Voters. Partnership for Policy Integrity; PennEnvironment; People Demanding Action, Tucson Chapter; Physicians for Social Responsibility; Physicians for Social Responsibility, Maine Chapter; Physicians for Social Responsibility, Los Angeles Chapter; Physicians for Social Responsibility, Arizona Chapter; Physicians for Social Responsibility, SF Bay Area Chapter; Physicians for Social Responsibility, Tennessee Chapter; Physicians for Social Responsibility, Wisconsin Chapter; Powder River Basin Resource Council; Public Citizen; Public Citizen’s Texas Office; RVA Interfaith Climate Justice Team; Safe Climate Campaign; San Juan Citizens Alliance; Sierra Club; Southern Environmental Law Center; Sustainable Energy & Economic Development (SEED) Coalition; Texas Campaign for the Environment. Texas Environmental Justice Advocacy Services; Texas League of Conservation Voters; The Environmental Justice Center at Chestnut Hills United Church; Trust for America’s Health; Union of Concerned Scientists; Utah Physicians for a Healthy Environment; Valley Watch; Virginia Organizing; Virginia Interfaith Power & Light; Voces Verdes; Voices for Progress; Washington Conservation Voters; Western Colorado Congress; Western Organization of Resource Councils; Wisconsin Environmental Health Network; Wisconsin League of Conservation Voters; Wisconsin Environment; Wyoming Outdoor Council. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ), the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy and Power. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Chairman, every time I talk about this bipartisan bill, I make sure to emphasize one point: I want clean air. I remember Houston in the 1970s. We could not see the downtown through the smog. We have made a lot of progress since then. The whole country has made a lot of progress since then. I want that progress to continue. Despite what some would have you believe, Mr. Chairman, this bipartisan bill is not about fundamentally changing the Clean Air Act. Nothing in this bipartisan bill changes any air quality standard or regulation. Nothing in this bipartisan bill puts cost before science when EPA sets a new standard. This bipartisan bill is about carefully thoughtout, commonsense reforms. It is about listening to State regulators who actually had to make EPA’s rules work for the people. The people I work for back home are full of common sense. Common sense says that EPA should put out guidance to follow a new rule at the same time they put out the rule. Folks in Texas 22 and across America are puzzled. What is wrong with EPA putting out a complete package of rules and regulations together instead of a rule first followed by regulations 7 years later? That is not common sense. That is a road to failure, a road we are going down right now. As Dr. Bryan Shaw, the top regulator for air quality in my home State of Texas, said, provisions in this bipartisan bill will ‘‘allow States to focus their limited resources’’ to implement EPA’s previous ozone rule. We can continue to improve Texas air—and the air of every State—if we let our regulators do their jobs. I carefully wrote this bipartisan bill to include more common sense. Let EPA consider achievability when issuing a new rule. This is not a mandate. b1430 I ask my opponents to read this bipartisan bill. Read the language. It clearly says the EPA may consider achievability when they set a new standard. This provision will never allow EPA to set an unhealthy standard. They can’t use cost to ignore science. Let’s bring common sense to the EPA and work together to help States improve air quality. Vote for this bill. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership on energy and clean air policy for all of America. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 4775. The Republican bill is a radical attempt to gut the Clean Air Act. The Clean Air Act has been one of our bedrock environmental laws for America since the 1970s. So for 50 years it has worked well to ensure that it protects our health while businesses thrive. It has made such a difference in our lives. I heard my good friend from Houston say he has seen the air cleaned up. The same is true in the Sunshine State of Florida. I remember those smoggy days in the late sixties and early seventies. I watched the impact of the Clean Air Act make it healthier for us to breathe, to grow up, to live healthy lives. All you have to do is look across the globe at China and India and the struggles they have with their economy because they are not able to control their pollution. 
The great thing about the Clean Air Act is that it is based on science. It requires the EPA every 5 years to bring scientists together and do a health check, do a check on the air quality standards all across America. Then they can—they are not required to— say: we are going to improve the air quality standards. And then they leave it up to States and stakeholders at home to determine how best to control air pollution. It has been extraordinarily effective at cleaning the air. EPA has set air quality standards for six different pollutants: ozone, nitrogen dioxide, sulfur dioxide, carbon monoxide, lead, and particulate matter. Between 1980 and 2014, emissions of these six air pollutants dropped by 63 percent. During the same period, the Nation’s gross domestic product increased by 147 percent, vehicle miles traveled increased by 97 percent, energy consumption increased by 26 percent, and the U.S. population increased by 41 percent. These emissions reductions have generated dramatic health effects. There is a balance in the law already. A recent peerreviewed study says the Clean Air Act will save more than 230,000 lives and will prevent millions of cases of respiratory problems like asthma and other problems in 2020 alone. It will also enhance our national productivity by preventing 17 million lost workdays. These public health benefits translate into $2 trillion in monetized benefits to the economy. Again, from the Sunshine State’s perspective, we have a booming tourist economy largely because we have clean water and clear air. Everyone wants to come to Florida. They are very discerning with their tourist dollars and where they are going to take a vacation. They look across the world, and one of the reasons people travel to America or you travel to the Sunshine State is because it is healthy and clean; and it is largely because of the Clean Air Act that we have been able to do that. So this bill is irresponsible because it will take us backwards. And let’s talk a few specifics. The bill dramatically delays implementation of the 2015 ozone air quality standards by up to 8 years. It says to America: we are going to ignore the science, we are going to ignore the new standards that have been developed with thousands and thousands of comments, and we are going to ignore the fact that these improved standards will net benefits of up to $4.6 billion in 2025 alone. Second, the bill doubles the air quality standard review period for all criteria air pollutants to every 10 years. Currently, the Clean Air Act says: EPA, every 5 years, look at the best science. Now, this bill says to ignore the science. Again, we will wait 10 years. That is not smart and that is not helpful to our communities and our neighbors back home. The bill also gives new and expanded facilities amnesty from new air quality standards. And this is where I think my Republican friends are going to invite a lot of litigation. Before I came to Congress, I did a little bit of environmental law. Current existing industrial users and businesses will have to bear the burden because the new polluters will get a break— they will get amnesty—while our existing businesses will have to make up the difference. That is not smart, and I think that is going to create a lot of lawsuits. Prime Minister Narendra Modi from India was here today. One of his messages, besides what a great democracy America is and what a great democracy India is, is that we have to think about the future. And we can tap the American ingenuity and what we have already done to clean air and grow business at the same time. Other nations are realizing now what we have learned long ago: unregulated emission of dangerous air pollutants is unsustainable. The Clean Air Act has helped us make dramatic improvements in air quality over the past decades. Our economy has grown at the same time. So I would urge my colleagues, do not gut the Clean Air Act. Vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 4775. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his efforts on this very important legislation. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 4775, the Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016, so States will have the flexibility and tools to reasonably and effectively meet the new EPA ozone standards. Since the proposal of EPA’s 2008 ozone standards, States have continually worked to implement air quality standards to comply with EPA’s clean air requirements. However, EPA’s implementation regulations for the 2008 standards were not published until March 6, 2015, and then the revised ozone standards were issued in October of 2015. States now face the prospect of simultaneously implementing two ozone standards at the same time. H.R. 4775 remedies this problem by creating a phasein approach to the 2008 and 2015 ozone standards, extending the final designations under the 2015 standards to 2025. It would also make reforms to the National Ambient Air Quality Standards to provide flexibility and structure to actions taken to implementing and revising these standards. States should be given the flexibility to implement air quality standards in a way that is cost effective and efficient. I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ) for introducing this bill. I also encourage my colleagues to support this legislation to ensure States are able to implement EPA ozone standards without harming their overall economy. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, H.R. 4775 would fundamentally and permanently weaken the Clean Air Act as well as future air pollution health standards for all criteria pollutants. Mr. Chair, H.R. 4775 would unacceptably delay implementation of the EPA’s 2015 ozone standards for another 8 years, even though these standards haven’t been updated since the Bush administration last did so in the year 2008. Additionally, Mr. Chair, this bill would also mandate that the EPA wait a decade before considering any new evidence regarding the health implications from ozone and other harmful pollutants, despite what the science may say in the interval. This drastic change to the Clean Air Act would prohibit the EPA from relying on the most current healthbased scientific data when determining air pollutant standards. Mr. Chair, H.R. 4775 would also fundamentally change provisions of the Clean Air Act by imposing cost and technological feasibility considerations on the standardsetting process, even though the Clean Air Act clearly states that only medical and public health data should be used when setting clean air health standards. Mr. Chair, this radical change to the Nation’s most historically important environmental law will lead to adverse consequences for both the public health and the resourcefulness of American companies and innovators. As the EPA’s Acting Assistant Administrator for the Office of Air and Radiation, Janet McCabe, noted in her recent testimony to the Energy and Power Subcommittee at a hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. 4775, Ozone Standards Implementation Act’’ just earlier this year in April: ‘‘Despite repeated assertions that achieving clean air was just not feasible, American ingenuity has consistently risen to the challenge and made our country the leader in both clean air and clean air technology. ‘‘That approach,’’ she went on to say, ‘‘has been very successful for both the health of Americans and our economy.’’ Mr. Chair, what is missing in the arguments made by the majority against the Clean Air Act, as well as most other environmental protection laws, is the fact that these regulations have been extraordinarily beneficial not only to the American health, but also to the American economy. In almost every instance, Mr. Chair, whenever a new environmental regulation has been proposed, we have heard opponents label them as job killers, overly burdensome, harmful to the economy, the end of the American way of life as we know it. In practically every instance, those dire predictions have been proven to be unequivocally wrong, as these laws, Mr. Chair, have served to protect the public health as 
well as to spur new advances in technology and in services that we can then export overseas. Mr. Chairman, undoubtedly, today’s fight over the new ozone standard will follow this very same pattern. Instead of trying to stall the 2015 ozone standards and prohibit the EPA from regularly updating the National Ambient Air Quality Standards, as H.R. 4775 would do, we in this Congress should be heeding the warnings of doctors and scientists of not acting quickly enough to protect the public health. b1445 Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this awful bill, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ), who is a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, a cosponsor of this legislation, and a gentleman focused on energy issues. Mr. LATTA. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 4775, the Ozone Standards Implementation Act, of which I am a proud sponsor. I would like to focus, in particular, on what this bill really does for the timeline of implementing ozone standards. H.R. 4775 focuses on efficient implementation of ozone and other air quality requirements by making commonsense adjustments to facilitate how air quality standards are implemented, based on practical experience. Our legislation provides States with additional time to implement the 2015 standards which is needed to fully implement the 2008 ozone standards, since EPA only issued the implementing regulations in 2015. Further, H.R. 4775 allows EPA time to develop the new implementing regulations and guidance needed for the 2015 standards, and also allows EPA to clear its existing backlog of hundreds of implementation plans relating to other existing standards. Clean air remains our priority, and this legislation does not change the recent new ozone standard of 70 parts per billion. It does not change of the standards set by the agency for any other criteria pollutants. Instead, it ensures that hundreds of counties are not unnecessarily subjected to additional regulatory burdens, paperwork requirements, and restrictions. EPA projects that, based on 2012–2014 data, over 240 counties with ozone monitors would violate the 2015 standards, but they are already on track to meet those standards by 2025. It makes no sense to sweep these counties into unnecessarily burdensome ‘‘nonattainment’’ regulatory regimes. EPA has estimated compliance costs for 2008 beginning in 2020 of $7.6 billion to $8.8 billion annually. On top of these costs, EPA estimates compliance costs for the 2015 standards beginning in 2025, of $2 billion annually, including $1.4 billion outside California, and $800 million in California. However, EPA’s own estimate may be too low, since they have admitted that in some places, most of or even all of the technology that will be needed to meet this rule has yet to be invented. What this legislation postpones is the diversion of State resources from the most pressing challenges to meet a standard that EPA projects will be met anyway through measures already on the books. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of H.R. 4775. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time is remaining on both sides? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Kentucky has 20 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Illinois has 13
doubling the review period from 5 years to 10 years, delaying the review of science and potentially necessary updates to the standard. Mr. Chairman, 10 years is too long to wait to protect public health from levels of ozone, particle pollution, and other pollutants that the science shows are, indeed, very, very, very dangerous. Delaying the EPA’s review of the best medical science won’t make outdated air pollution levels safe. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. HULTGREN ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself another 15 seconds. Delaying EPA’s review of the best medical science won’t make outdated air pollution levels safe, it will just lead to more Americans suffering from unhealthy air for longer periods of time. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ). Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4775, the Ozone Standards Implementation Act, which I have cosponsored. I want to thank Congressman OLSON , my good friend and fellow Texan, for introducing this important legislation. Last year, Mr. Chairman, the EPA finalized a costly new regulation to reduce ozone levels, even as States are only now beginning to implement the 2008 ozone standard. States will now have to deal with two regulations with overlapping implementation schedules. This is Federal bureaucracy at its finest, Mr. Chairman. Now that the EPA is moving full steam ahead on its regulatory freight train, in order to get States back on track, Congress must act to give them certainty. H.R. 4775 will phase in implementation of those ozone standards over a reasonable timeline. As ozone continues to fall to levels that reflect naturally occurring and even foreignsource ozone, we must also insist that the EPA report on how foreign pollution affects compliance with its overburdensome regulations. This legislation will do just that, Mr. Chairman. There is no denying that the EPA’s regulations will be costly for the States and costly, in turn, for our economy. The lower ozone levels are mandated, the harder it is for economic development to occur. That’s just the way it is, as TEDPOEwould say. Communities across the country will be harmed, and lowincome families, Mr. Chairman, are going to be harmed the most from this overburdensome regulation. It is perfectly reasonable for Congress to insist that this regulatory boondoggle is reined in. I urge all Members to support this important legislation. It is the right thing to do. You know I am right. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time is left? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois has 101⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Kentucky has 15 minutes remaining. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 7 minutes to an extraordinary gentleman from the great State of New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), our fine leader on the Democratic side. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the ranking member of our subcommittee for his kind remarks. Once again, the House is considering a bill to undermine one of our most successful public health and environmental laws, the Clean Air Act. And clean air isn’t a luxury, it is a necessity. Before the Clean Air Act became law 43 years ago, thousands of Americans experienced the consequences of unhealthy air, respiratory disease, severe asthma attacks, and premature deaths. This landmark legislation, for the first time, ensured that hazardous air pollution would be controlled. But in spite of the overwhelming evidence of the success of this law and its many vital public health benefits, the Clean Air Act continues to be a favorite target for my Republican colleagues. This bill, H.R. 4775, is, unfortunately, the latest in an ongoing attempt to undermine the progress we have made on cleaning the air and protecting public health. The bill’s sponsors claim their goal is to help States to implement the National Ambient Air Quality Standards set by the EPA, yet this bill fails to provide the one thing that would be most helpful to States in their efforts to implement air quality standards, and that is additional resources. In fact, Chairman WHITFIELD will be offering an amendment to the bill to ensure that EPA receives no additional funding to implement the provisions of this legislation, or any of the requirements under existing law. H.R. 4775 is not a package of minor changes to minor provisions of the Clean Air Act. These changes are radical revisions intended to roll back the progress we have made in public health. This bill alters the fundamental premise of the act, that standards should be set to ensure the air is safe and healthy to breathe. H.R. 4775 would bring economic costs, technological feasibility, and other nonrisk factors into the standardsetting process. b1500 These things are important, to be sure, and that is why they are already considered when the States develop their plans to achieve the healthbased standards set by EPA, and that is appropriate. They should, however, never come into play in setting these standards. Let’s just use technology as an example. Technology is always evolving. What is technologically feasible today does not define what is possible tomorrow. For example, air pollution from automobile emissions was recognized as a serious problem in southern California as early as 1959. At that time, there were no pollutioncontrol devices for cars. Auto manufacturers said that it couldn’t be done, the technology was impossible, and that even if it were possible, it would be far too expensive. But California passed laws requiring pollution control anyway. We all know the rest of the story: it was not impossible or prohibitively expensive. People still bought cars. And we have cleaner, more efficient cars today because regulation pushed technology forward. The only reason to make technological feasibility a factor in setting the standard is to avoid setting the standard, and that is the goal of the supporters of this legislation. The history of the Clean Air Act is one of great success: the economy has continued to grow; the air has gotten cleaner; and most importantly, public health has improved. So, Mr. Chairman, my Republican colleagues refuse to accept the fact that we can continue to improve the air, have a vibrant economy, and give everyone the opportunity for a long and healthy life. So I urge my colleagues to reject the false choice between jobs and clean air. The fact is that we can have both. H.R. 4775 is a dangerous bill, and I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on increased ozone pollution. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, we have no further speakers on our side of the aisle except for myself, and I think I have the right to close. I don’t know if the gentleman from Illinois has additional speakers or if he would like to go at this time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, supporters of this bill claim that EPA doesn’t issue implementation rules and guidance quickly enough after updating a national ambient air quality standard. So this awful piece of legislation concludes that the solution is to sacrifice Americans’ health—sacrifice our public health—by allowing facilities to ignore new air quality standards. But, Mr. Chairman, this would only allow these same facilities to pollute more while doing nothing to facilitate faster implementation of new NAAQS. The bill says that EPA must release implementing rules and guidance concurrently with a new standard, meaning, if EPA updates a national ambient air quality standard, that standard does not apply to new or expanding facilities unless and until EPA has issued implementation rules and guidance for the new standard. Mr. Chairman, witnesses have testified that concurrent guidance isn’t always practical or even necessary. This provision presumes a problem that does not even exist. The Agency provides a wealth of tools already, Mr. Chairman, to assist States with air permits, and in many cases, States are fully capable of issuing permits without any new 
guidance from EPA. Mr. Chairman, they have been doing this same thing for decades now. Most guidance evolves after a standard takes effect as States and industry raise questions that require EPA clarification. It is unclear, Mr. Chairman, how the Agency could provide guidance on solving problems before they even know what those problems are. Mr. Chairman, you are talking about a catch22, and this creates an epic catch22 for the Environmental Protection Agency. On the one hand, the EPA could hurry to issue guidance before hearing questions from States and industry. That guidance would necessarily be incomplete, as it won’t even address issues that only emerge during the implementation process. An industry group, Mr. Chairman, that wanted to delay implementation of the new air quality standard could file a lawsuit saying that EPA’s guidance wasn’t sufficient. On the other hand, EPA could wait to issue more robust and helpful guidance, but in the meantime, facilities would be able to obtain permits under the old air quality standard. A company, Mr. Chairman, could build a facility that is allowed to pollute more than it would under current law. In both scenarios, Mr. Chairman, who wins? Not the American people. Who wins? The polluter wins, and our public health loses. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank our fellow legislators from the other side of the aisle for working with us on this legislation. One of the great things about the House of Representatives is we have the opportunity to come and talk on different sides of the issues. We can have different opinions, we can talk about it, disagree, and then try to move forward. Now, some of the speakers today, when we discussed this legislation, H.R. 4775, have described it as irresponsible, as a radical action to gut the Clean Air Act, to fundamentally weaken the Clean Air Act, and to undermine the Clean Air Act. I would say that that absolutely is not our intent. I think all of us living in America understand that we do, in this country, more than any other country in the world, work to ensure clean air for our constituents and our citizens. We don’t have to take a backseat to anyone to make that statement. I might say that the criteria of pollutants, the six of them, the emissions have been reduced by a total of 63 percent—making up the National Ambient Air Quality Standards has been reduced by 63 percent, those emissions— since 1980. So we are committed to clean air. But many people do not realize that, today, 24 States, counties in 24 States and the District of Columbia do not even meet the requirement of the 2008 Ambient Air Quality Standards, which is 75 parts per billion. And we know that even though that standard was set in 2008, EPA did not come forth with the guidelines to help the States meet that standard until 2015—7 years later. Now they have come out with a new standard in 2015 saying that States must meet that in 2017. This legislation is brought to the floor in response to concerns by entities and individuals responsible in the States for implementing the Federal standards set by the Federal EPA, so that is why we are here. So what are we doing in this legislation? Let me just point out that I mentioned the 24 States, counties in 24 States and the District of Columbia are in noncompliance with the 2008 standard. Los Angeles is never going to be in compliance. San Joaquin Valley is probably never going to be in compliance, and many parts of the West are never going to be in compliance because of their geographical location and because of foreign emissions coming in from other countries. If you are in noncompliance, it has a drastic impact on your ability to create jobs and to bring in new industry because it is much more difficult to get a permit. So these over 270 counties in these 24 States at a time when our job growth is stagnant are going to find it even more difficult to create jobs. Poverty also has a tremendous impact on people’s health. Yes, we want clean air, but we want jobs so people can provide health care for their families and their children. So we need a balancing act here, and that is what this legislation is designed to do. Under existing law, EPA at the Federal level must, they are mandated to review the national air quality standard every 5 years. They can do it in 2 if they want to, or 3, but they must do it in 5. So, because we are now trying to implement the 2008 and the 2015 all at the same time in certain areas, all we are saying is, instead of mandating EPA to do it every 5, we mandate them to do it every 10. They can do it in 4 if they want to, or 3 or 2, but they must do it in 10. So is that irresponsible? Is that trying to gut the Clean Air Act? What are some other things we are doing here? We are also saying that we are authorizing—we are not mandating, but we are authorizing—the EPA Administrator to consider that technology is available to meet the new standard—not that it is required to, but it is authorized to. Is that unreasonable? Is that trying to gut the Clean Air Act? Then we are also saying, before EPA revises its National Ambient Air Quality Standards, that they must get the advice of the Agency’s independent scientific advisory committee. Now they do that, but we are saying we also want you to do it to look at potential adverse effects relating to implementing a new standard as required by section 109 of the Clean Air Act. b1515 So you have got this advisory body already there. We want you to talk to them and at least consider any adverse effects that may come from the new standard. And we also are saying—we have talked about this a lot already—if you issue a new standard, at the same time give the States the implementation and guidance so they know what to do to meet the new standard instead of being 7 years late, as they were on the 2008 standard. And then we want to ensure that for certain ozone and particulate matter nonattainment areas—and I have already talked about the nonattainment areas of the 2008—that we do not require the States to include an economically infeasible measure to meet it. In other words, if it is going to be selfdefeating, if it is going to be economically infeasible, you are in a nonattainment area, you don’t have to do that. And then we want to ensure that States may seek relief with respect to certain exceptional events. For example, there are some areas of the country that are having their worst drought since the early 1800s, hundredyear droughts, and yet they can’t get relief from EPA because of these exceptional events; and because of that, they are going to suffer in trying to bring in new jobs that create economic growth. And then, finally—and this makes a lot of sense to me—I want to quote a statement that was made by a regulator from Utah. He said that international emissions and transports, dirty pollution and air coming from outside America can, at times, account for up to 85 percent of the 8hour ambient ozone concentration in many Western States. Many areas in the West have little chance of identifying sufficient controls to achieve attainment because they are not causing it. So we are simply saying to EPA: Do a study so that we know what is being caused by other countries. That is what this bill is all about. I might say that we are doing this after we had four forums on the Clean Air Act, we had four hearings on the National Ambient Air Quality Standards and ozone. These suggestions were made not by Republican legislators per se, but by regulators responsible for meeting EPA standards back in their States. They came and said: Would you help us with this? So that is what we are attempting to do. It is not our intent to gut the Clean Air Act. We recognize how important it is. The importance of health care and clean air is a part of what America is all about. I urge our Members to pass this legislation. It is a commonsense approach to address concerns raised by people with the responsibility of meeting the standards required by the Federal EPA. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 4775, the Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016. Protecting our air from dirty pollution should not be a partisan issue. We all want to breathe clean air. We all want our children to be able to play outside without risking an asthma attack due to high ozone levels. Last year, the Environmental Protection Agency finalized new ozone rules designed to protect the health of all Americans, particularly those communities which are at higher risk for smog. H.R. 4775 would delay this rule and critically undermine the Clean Air Act, jeopardizing Americans’ health. In my home state of California, smog used to be so bad that people were not allowed to go outside. We have made a lot of progress since then, and the last smog alert in California occurred in 1997. H.R. 4775 represents a step backward in our nation’s fight for cleaner air, and I urge my colleagues to vote. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, the Ozone issue is extremely complicated. Many of our Members are probably not very familiar with the National Ambient Air Quality Standard, let alone the potential impact. In 1993, the Environmental Protection Agency faced a choice similar to that of 2016. After missing the 1988 and 1992 Ozone NAAQS review deadlines, the EPA settled a court decree that required a decision on whether the Agency would promulgate a new Ozone standard. The EPA stated the following: ‘‘Based on applicable statutory requirements and the volume of material requiring careful evaluation, the EPA estimates that it would take 2 to 3 years to incorporate over a 1,000 new health studies into criteria documents. Given various legal constraints and the fact that EPA already missed deadlines for completion of Ozone review cycles, the Administrator concluded that the best course of action is to complete the current review based on the existing air standard and proceed as rapidly as possible with the next review.’’ In 2015, the Administrator stated at the Energy and Power subcommittee hearing, ‘‘EPA examined thousands of scientific studies, including more than 1,000 new studies published since EPA last revised the standard.’’ Further, EPA, in the Ozone NAAQS proposal concluded, ‘‘there are significant uncertainties regarding some of the studies the EPA did include regarding lowering the standard.’’ EPA acknowledged there are issues with the proposed standard stating, ‘‘Given alternative views of the currently available evidence and information expressed by some commenters, the EPA is taking comment on both the Administrator’s proposed decision to revise the current primary O3 standard and the option of retaining that standard.’’ EPA must address the challenges and opportunities for improving our air quality and protecting human health. The process must remain healthbased but cannot be set aside when it is politically convenient. Our industries are capable of meeting the requirements of Ozone NAAQS but not when the rules are changed or not enforced due to unknown criteria. I support the EPA’s determination but I do think there is opportunity to address some of the challenges faced by both the Agency and other stakeholders. While I do not support the bill today, I look for opportunities to improve the process to promote the economy and public health. The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce, printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 4775 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016’’. 
OZONE STANDARDS .—The term ‘‘2015 ozone standards’’ means the national ambient air quality standards for ozone published in the Federal Register on October 26, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 65292). 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–607. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . WHITFIELD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–607. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following new section: 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 767, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, H.R. 4775, as I said, requires the EPA to develop two studies and reports to submit to Congress. I talked about that in my closing statement. My amendment is relating to those studies. The first is a study of the impacts of foreign emissions on the ability of States in America to meet new ozone standards. The second study relates to ozone formation and the effective control strategies for that. These studies will assist EPA and State regulators in better understanding background ozone and implementing ozone standards. In its estimate for H.R. 4775—as you know, we must always consider cost—the Congressional Budget Office estimated a cost of $2 million associated with the development of these studies. My amendment would clarify that no additional funds are authorized by this legislation. Developing the studies required by this bill is part of EPA’s job and can be covered by the Agency’s existing budget. I might point out that the President’s clean energy plan, which was implemented by EPA, never passed the House of Representatives, never passed the U.S. Senate, and was never even considered by the United States Congress. Yet, EPA issued that clean energy plan without any additional appropriations. I can tell you, it cost millions of dollars to do it. This small amount to come up to reprogram funding within EPA to require these studies I do not believe is much of a burden on EPA. EPA’s budget for regulatory activity is over $2 billion annually. These are analyses EPA should have already been undertaking as part of its existing responsibilities. This amendment simply says we are not appropriating additional money. EPA can reprogram some of the $2 billion that it already has to develop 
these studies and provide useful information to the States and other agencies. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, the Congressional Budget Office identified an additional $2 million that will be needed to conduct the duplicative study required by this bill. Mr. Chairman, that is the reason we are actually seeing this amendment. It is a Republican classic trick. It is a trick, Mr. Chairman. My colleague from Kentucky—who I respect and honor tremendously—knows that although this bill will require additional resources to implement, this amendment ensures that no new resources will be provided. It is a trick, Mr. Chairman. My Republican colleagues have voted time and time again to cut the EPA’s budget, but that just places greater burdens on States since about one third of EPA’s budget is distributed to the States in grants and other types of assistance. They will say on the other side that the goal is efficiency and that EPA must learn to do more with less. But, Mr. Chairman—another part of the trick—their real goal is to have EPA do less, rather than more with less. They just want them to do even less. Well, Mr. Chairman, that just removes the environmental cop from the beat. Polluters benefit, but our constituents don’t benefit. And, ultimately, Mr. Chairman, all of us Americans will pay the enormous price. Much of the permitting and much of the preparation of implementation plans done under the Clean Air Act is done by the States. One of the complaints that we have heard is that EPA is not providing sufficient guidance early enough in the process to assist States in meeting their obligations under the law, and that States want and need assistance. Well, Mr. Chairman, this amendment doesn’t do anything to address that concern. In fact, it will only make a dire situation even more dire. The public expects EPA to protect their health and the environment. Resources, Mr. Chairman, are required to fulfill that expectation and that mandate. Public health is worth paying for. It is much more cost effective to prevent health problems than it is to cure those very same problems. And make no mistake, the Clean Air Act is, indeed, a public health law. We save billions and billions of dollars in medical expenses due to asthmarelated emergency room visits and other respiratory and cardiac illness. We save billions and billions in lost sick time at work, school, and other productive activities. And, most important, Mr. Chairman, let us not forget that the Clean Air Act saves lives. We enable people to be healthier and more productive. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ). Mr. OLSON. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment. It is real simple. This says to the EPA: Do your job. Do your job. EPA admits half of the ozone in America comes from ‘‘uncontrolled sources,’’ ‘‘uncontrolled sources.’’ That means sources we can’t control. Sources like ozone from China, like ozone in my home State from Mexico, like ozone coming from annual crop burnings, like ozone coming across the Atlantic from SubSaharan Africa sandstorms, like ozone coming from all over the world. This past Christmas, my wife and I went to the Grand Canyon—beautiful. It has an ozone problem. They have a sign there that says: 
Most of the Grand Canyon air pollutants come from distant sources ignoring human boundaries. 
All this amendment says is: EPA, do your job. Do the research to find out where this is coming from and don’t penalize Americans for something they can’t control. I support this amendment. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky will be postponed. b1530 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . RUSH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–607. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
overall cost of achieving the new or revised National Ambient Air Quality Standard in the applicable area. Mr. Chair, the new standard that the EPA recently issued already represents a measured approach that seeks to balance both public health impacts as well as the rule’s overall cost benefit, even though this is not a requirement of the Clean Air Act. On the other hand, Mr. Chair, H.R. 4775 represents the exact opposite of a measured approach as it seeks to tip the scales in favor of industry over public health. Mr. Chair, this amendment will help to prevent some of the adverse consequences of this bill from going into effect whether they be intended or unintended, and I urge all of my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Chair, the intent of this bill is to end the nightmare scenario we are going through right now by which the EPA issues regulations 7 years after it announces a new rule, and it piles on a new regulation 6 months later. But don’t take my word with regard to the problems that it causes in America; listen to the States. Teresa Marks, Arkansas’ Department of Environmental Quality, July 31, 2012: 
Five years may not allow enough time for new technology or science to be fully developed. With more time between review processes, the States could have adequate time to develop proper SIPs and meet Federal deadlines. 
Martha Rudolph, Colorado’s Department of Public Health and Environment, July 23, 2012: 
This ambitious schedule for evaluating and promulgating NAAQS revisions every 5 years has created an inefficient planning process. 
I saved the best for last. Michael Krancer, Pennsylvania’s Department of Environmental Protection, November 29, 2012: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . PALLONE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–607. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
choices must be made among a range of scientifically valid options. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have listened to what the gentleman has said. It seems to me that he is essentially making an argument as to why we don’t need this change. If he is saying that the underlying bill—the current law, the current statute—allows for the consideration of technological feasibility and if we know that the Clean Air Act has essentially worked in protecting the environment and in putting health as a priority with these other issues as simply being something that can be considered and, as I said, is considered when the States actually decide how to carry out the law, then I do not understand why he finds it necessary to change the law, say, with regard to this issue. b1545 It seems to me that the argument you are making, which is that this is already something that can be considered but is not a priority—health being the priority—would negate the very need for the legislation and support the amendment that I am putting forward. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–607. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 13, line 1, after ‘‘rural areas,’’ insert ‘‘including during wildfires,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 767, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a commonsense amendment that will ensure that the study on ozone formation in the underlying bill analyzes the relative contribution from wildfires. The National Interagency Coordination Center reported this year that we set a new record in terms of total acreage burned from wildfires with more than 10.1 million acres going up in smoke. This significant increase is not the result of more wildfires, as the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service reported last month that ‘‘the number of wildfires has stayed about the same over the last 30 years, but the number of acres burned annually has increased by nearly double the acreage burned in the 1990s.’’ Timber removal is down 80 percent over the last 30 years and acreage has burned up. There is a direct correlation between thinning our forest and overall forest health. As a medical professional for over 25 years, I know firsthand that preventive care is a much cheaper and effective treatment as opposed to dealing with an illness or disease after it has already been diagnosed. Let’s not forget the old adage that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Unfortunately, the Federal Government has failed to employ such a strategy when it comes to our Nation’s forests and continues to spend billions of dollars on the back end of suppression activities. The CRS reports that the top 5 years with the largest wildfire acreage burned since 1960 all occurred between 2006 and 2015. In Arizona, we have seen the tragic results of this agency’s misprioritization firsthand, as the five largest fires in Arizona’s history occurred between 2002 and 2011. Data released from NASA a few years ago concluded that one catastrophic wildfire can emit more carbon emissions in a few days than total vehicle emissions in an entire State over the course of a year. My commonsense amendment simply seeks to determine the overall contribution to ozone formation from wildfires. We should all want to have this information and know the extent to which ozone formation from wildfire emissions occurs. I am proud to be a cosponsor of the underlying bill and applaud Representative OLSON , Chairman U PTON , and my other colleagues who are actively involved with moving this muchneeded legislation forward. Most States are just beginning to adopt the 2008 ozone standards as the EPA didn’t announce the implementation guidance and a final rule until March 6, 2015. Rather than allowing time for those standards to be implemented, the EPA moved the goalposts and is seeking to unilaterally implement a regulation that has been projected to be the most expensive mandate in our Nation’s history. The Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry recently reported that ‘‘the EPA’s new ozone standard of 70 parts per billion will be virtually impossible for Arizona to meet due to Arizona’s high levels of background, limited local sources, and unique geography’’ and that ‘‘implementation of the current rule in Arizona is not reasonable, based in sound science, or achievable.’’ Again, my amendment simply ensures that the study on ozone formation in the underlying bill analyzes the relative contribution from wildfires. Chairman UPTON supports my amendment, and I wholeheartedly support the underlying bill. I ask my colleagues to do the same and support my amendment and H.R. 4775. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, on its face, Mr. GOSAR ’s amendment seems innocuous enough, having EPA also consider the contribution of wildfires in the bill’s required study on ozone formation, wintertime ozone formation, and control strategies. But in reality, this study is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. So adding further criteria, as this amendment would do, only makes it worse. First, many of the aspects of this proposed study are already covered by EPA’s integrated science assessment. Integrated science assessments are reports that represent concise evaluations and synthesis of the most policy relevant science for reviewing National Ambient Air Quality Standards. Essentially, these assessments form the scientific foundation for the review of the NAAQ Standards. All integrated science assessments are vetted through a rigorous peerreview process, including review by the Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee and public comment periods. Furthermore, the EPA is already doing a comprehensive review of wildfires and ozone, so additional study of this issue is not necessary, in my opinion. But this study is more than a duplication of work already being done, Mr. Chairman. The bill would inject costs into this scientific review process by requiring the assessment of costeffective control strategies to reduce ozone. While this is certainly worthy as an issue to review, EPA’s scientific assessments are the wrong venue for such a discussion. Requiring EPA to do additional assessments of costeffective control strategies would, of course, pull the Agency’s limited staff and resources away from the public health priorities of implementing and reviewing the NAAQ Standards in a timely manner outlined in the Clean Air Act. When viewed in connection with the other provisions of this bill, like the requirement that implementing regulations and guidance must be issued concurrently with an air quality standard for preconstruction permits, expanding this study would only serve to further delay implementation of the 2015 ozone standard. The 2015 ozone NAAQS update is long overdue, and the bill before us doesn’t need any further procedural hoops for 
EPA to jump through before a more protective ozone standard can be put into effect. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, once again, this threeword amendment simply ensures that the study on ozone formation in the underlying bill analyzes the relative contribution from wildfires. Just simply that. This is something that I would hope would be analyzed anyway under the language in the underlying bill, but I felt the need to clarify so as to ensure such analysis occurs. Data released from NASA a few years ago concluded that one catastrophic wildfire can emit more carbon emissions in a few days than total vehicle emissions in an entire State over the course of a year. We should all want to have this information and know the extent to which ozone formation from wildfire emissions occurs. The science is science, the whole science, nothing less, nothing more. I ask everybody to vote for this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–607. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 767, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, since this bill is supposed to be about making the Clean Air Act work better, I have offered an amendment—that is identical to a bill with 64 cosponsors that I coauthored—to close a very glaring loophole in the law that frankly harms the air in my State, across the Mountain West, and indeed across the country. My amendment, which is based off legislation I first introduced in 2011 and have introduced three times, including this Congress, is called the BREATHE Act. Essentially it is very simple. It would close the oil and gas industry’s loophole to the Clean Air Act’s aggregation requirement. Currently, oil and gas operators are exempt from the aggregation requirements in the Clean Air Act. What the aggregation requirement does, it is small air pollution sources that cumulatively release as much air pollution as a major source, are supposed to be required to curb pollution by installing the maximum achievable control technology. But oil and gas is exempt, not for any policy reason, but simply because oil and gas has a lot of influence here in Washington, D.C. This directly affects the air quality in my district. Take a county like Weld County, Colorado. There are over 20,000 operating fracking wells. Any one of those has a very small emissions profile. But in the aggregate, when you start talking about 1,000, 5,000, 10,000, it looks a lot more like multiple emissionsspewing factories or other highly pollutive activity. And yet they are completely exempt from being aggregated. So essentially, they are rounded to down to zero, each one of them, which is fine if there is one or three or five of them. But if you have 20,000 of them, it is a gross abuse of the intent of the Clean Air Act to round it down to zero. My amendment would also add hydrogen sulfide to the Clean Air Act’s Federal list of hazardous air pollutants. It was originally on the list. Unfortunately, it was later removed. The Clean Air Act currently exempts hydrogen sulfide from the Federal list of hazardous air pollutants, even though it is welldocumented that hydrogen sulfide has been associated with a wide range of health issues, such as nausea, vomiting, headaches, irritation of eyes, nose, throat, and asthma. Often, it is released from wellheads, pumps, and piping during the separation process, from storage tanks, and from flaring. In fact, 15 percent to 25 percent of the natural gas wells in the U.S. emit hydrogen sulfide, even though, I would point out, control technologies are inexpensive and readily available to curb hydrogen sulfide emissions. All we ask is that those are looked at as part of that. My amendment has broad support with 64 Members that have added their names as cosponsors. I am grateful this was allowed under the bill. My amendment will simply hold oil and gas operators accountable for their impact on our Nation’s air quality, as every industry should be. They shouldn’t play by special rules. They should play by the same rules under the Clean Air Act as every industry. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, we all have a great deal of respect for the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and know that he focuses on these particular issues and is quite familiar with them. The reason that we are opposing this amendment is that his amendment would make changes to section 112 of the Clean Air Act by adding, specifically, hydrogen sulfide as a hazardous air pollutant. Now, there is a wellestablished regulatory process for listing new hazardous air pollutants set forth in the Clean Air Act, section 112. The underlying legislation, H.R. 4775, really is dealing only with sections 107 to 110 and part C and D of title I of the Clean Air Act. And we are not doing anything with section 112, nor have we had any hearings in the Energy and Commerce Committee on adding hydrogen sulfide as a hazardous air pollutant. On the other hand, we have had four hearings about ambient air quality standards. We have had four forums on the Clear Air Act relating to ambient air quality standards. So for that reason, the fact that there is an established way to add, we would respectfully oppose this amendment and ask the other Members to oppose it at this time. We would welcome the opportunity to work with Mr. POLIS in letting the Energy and Commerce Committee do it in a regular manner. I oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ). Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for the Polis amendment. It is common sense, and it certainly improves the bill in the way that Mr. POLIS set forth. I would urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. So again, with great respect to the gentleman from Kentucky, this is the first opportunity we have had since I first introduced the bill in 2011 where the Clean Air Act has been brought to the floor and opened and allowed to have this amendment and discussion. I personally would have been thrilled if we would have been able to have a hearing in the intervening years. Of course, should this not prevail, I would be happy to continue to work to pursue a hearing in this area. Because frankly, again, when you have 20,000 wells in a limited area, you can’t round each one down to zero. Separately, we have the issue of hydrogen sulfide. Both are very important issues. 
Of course, we want to further the discussion. I personally am thrilled again on behalf of the 64 Members that are already cosponsors of this bill that at least we have the time to debate this on the floor in a way that it is germane to a bill that we are considering in opening up the Clean Air Act. b1600 Certainly I am appreciative of the process the committee has in place. Again, should this not prevail, I would be happy to continue to work with the committee to help deal with these smallsite aggregations in a way where they are no longer rounded down to zero if, in fact, they are found scientifically to have a tangible cumulative effect, just like we have the aggregation of every other type of industrial activity except for those that are particular to oil and gas. I would encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill to simply make sure that oil and gas operators play by the same rules with regard to their impact on air quality as any other industry, as well as adding hydrogen sulfide to the list of hazardous air pollutants and listing, of course, oil and gas wells as one of the major sources of hydrogen sulfide, as they certainly are in my neck of the woods. I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–607. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following new section: 
If the Administrator, in consultation with the Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee, finds that application of any provision of this Act could harm human health or the environment, this Act and the amendments made thereby shall cease to apply. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, we should all be grateful to the authors of the Clean Air Act for the progress we have achieved. The way to express our gratitude is to use an occasion like this to expand, not to retract, that act. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–607 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Mr. WHITFIELD  of Kentucky. Amendment No. 2 by Mr. RUSHof Illinois. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. PALLONE of New Jersey. Amendment No. 5 by Mr. POLIS of Colorado. Amendment No. 6 by Ms. NORTON of the District of Columbia. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . WHITFIELD  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 236, noes 170, not voting 27, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—170 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—27 
Black Ca´rdenas Clark (MA) Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Franks (AZ) Gosar Hahn Hardy Herrera Beutler Jeffries Lieu, Ted Nadler Payne Rice (NY) Roby Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Sires Smith (NE) Takai Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine 
b1632 Mr. LANGEVIN and Ms. JACKSON LEE changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 276 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . RUSH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 171, noes 235, not voting 27, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps 
Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—27 
Black Ca´rdenas Cramer Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Franks (AZ) Hahn Hardy Herrera Beutler Hurt (VA) Jeffries Lieu, Ted Nadler Payne Roe (TN) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sires Stutzman Takai Tiberi Wagner Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1636 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I was not present for rollcall vote No. 277 on the Rush of Illinois Amendment No. 2 on H.R. 4775. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . PALLONE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 169, noes 242, not voting 22, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—242 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk 
Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Black Ca´rdenas Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Franks (AZ) Hahn Hardy Herrera Beutler Jeffries Lieu, Ted Nadler Payne Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sires Takai Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Westmoreland 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1640 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 160, noes 251, not voting 22, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—251 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—22 
Black Ca´rdenas Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Franks (AZ) Grijalva Hahn Hardy Herrera Beutler Jeffries Lieu, Ted Nadler Payne Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sires Takai Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1644 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 171, noes 239, not voting 23, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—23 
Black Ca´rdenas Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Franks (AZ) Hahn Hardy Herrera Beutler Jeffries Johnson (OH) Lieu, Ted Nadler Payne Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sires Takai Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Young (AK) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1647 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. HULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4775) to facilitate efficient State implementation of groundlevel ozone standards, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 767, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, it appears that the Republican Party has truly fallen in line behind its standardbearer, Donald Trump, and is content to put industry profits over the public interest. Mr. Speaker, the art of the deal should not mean putting corporate welfare over the public wellbeing. Mr. Speaker, our agreement is nonnegotiable. Protecting the public health is absolutely why we are here in this Congress today. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4775 is a disastrous bill that will put our most vulnerable citizens, including the elderly, the young, pregnant women, and lowincome communities, at substantial risk. This bill unacceptably delays implementation of EPA’s 2015 ozone standards for another 8 years, while also delaying any new evidence regarding the health implications from ozone and other harmful pollutants for at least a decade, despite what the science may say in the interval. In fact, under this legislation, not only will States be exempt from complying with the 2015 standards until 2016, but parents—our parents—and our loved ones, Mr. Speaker, will not even be informed if their communities were in violation of clean air standards until the year 2025. Mr. Speaker, I can think of no benefit to the public interest of denying citizens information directly tied to their health and to their wellbeing. The research, Mr. Speaker, informs us that breathing in dirty pollutants 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 173, noes 239, not voting 21, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Black Ca´rdenas Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Hahn Hardy Herrera Beutler Jeffries Lieu, Ted Nadler Payne Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sires Takai Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Woodall 
b1707 So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 234, nays 177, not voting 22, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—177 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—22 
Black Ca´rdenas Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Hahn Hardy Herrera Beutler Hultgren Jeffries Lieu, Ted Nadler Payne Pingree Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sires Takai Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine 
b1714 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, rollcall No. 273— I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall No. 274— I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall No. 275— I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall No. 276— I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall No. 277— I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall No. 278—I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall No. 279—I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall No. 280—I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall No. 281—I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall No. 282—I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
MAKING IN ORDER CONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGE ON H.J. RES. 88 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when a veto message on House Joint Resolution 88 is laid before the House on this legislative day, then after the message is read and the objections of the President are spread at large upon the Journal, further consideration of the veto message and the joint resolution shall be postponed until the legislative day of Wednesday, June 22, 2016; and that on that legislative day, the House shall proceed to the constitutional question of reconsideration and dispose of such question without intervening motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
NULLIFY DEPARTMENT OF LABOR’S FINAL CONFLICT OF INTEREST RULE—VETO MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114– 140) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following veto message from the President of the United States: To the House of Representatives: I am returning herewith without my approval H.J. Res. 88, a resolution that would nullify the Department of Labor’s final conflict of interest rule. This rule is critical to protecting Americans’ hardearned savings and preserving their retirement security. 
The outdated regulations in place before this rulemaking did not ensure that financial advisers act in their clients, best interests when giving retirement investment advice. Instead, some firms have incentivized advisers to steer clients into products that have higher fees and lower returns—costing America’s families an estimated $17 billion a year. The Department of Labor’s final rule will ensure that American workers and retirees receive retirement advice that is in their best interest, better enabling them to protect and grow their savings. The final rule reflects extensive feedback from industry, advocates, and Members of Congress, and has been streamlined to reduce the compliance burden and ensure continued access to advice, while maintaining an enforceable best interest standard that protects consumers. It is essential that these critical protections go into effect. Because this resolution seeks to block the progress represented by this rule and deny retirement savers investment advice in their best interest, I cannot support it. I am therefore vetoing this resolution. BARACK OBAMA .THEWHITE HOUSE , June 8, 2016. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The objections of the President will be spread at large upon the Journal, and the veto message and the joint resolution will be printed as a House document. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, further consideration of the veto message and the bill are postponed until the legislative day of Wednesday, June 22, 2016, and that on that legislative day, the House shall proceed to the constitutional question of reconsideration and dispose of such question without intervening motion. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2276) to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2276 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking to take public comment on the petition for rulemaking dated October 28, 2015, titled ‘‘Corrections to Title 49 C.F.R. §172.336 Identification numbers; special provisions’’ (P–1667). 
suspended or interrupted, the Secretary may use any undistributed, deobligated, or recovered funds authorized under this section to carry out pipeline safety activities for that State within the period of availability for such funds.’’. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue an advisory bulletin to owners and operators of gas or hazardous liquid pipeline facilities and Federal and State pipeline safety personnel regarding procedures of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration required to change the status of a pipeline facility from active to abandoned, including specific guidance on the terms recognized by the Secretary for each pipeline status referred to in such advisory bulletin. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on S. 2276, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the Chair for the time to express my support for the Protecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2016. This is the PIPES Act of 2016. The United States has the largest network of energy pipelines in the world—over 2.6 million miles of pipe. Pipelines are a critical part of our energy infrastructure, with over 64 percent of our energy being transported by our pipes within this country. The sustained oversight of the Department of Transportation’s pipeline safety programs is critical for pipelines to continue to safely transport our energy products. This bill was developed in a bipartisan manner over the past several years. My subcommittee held a number of hearings and roundtables to hear from stakeholders on the need for reauthorization. On April 20, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee unanimously approved our bill. Similarly, the Energy and Commerce Committee, with which we share jurisdiction, passed its version on April 27. Since then, both House committees have worked on a bipartisan basis to meld this version with the Senate’s version, which passed last December. This collaborative, constructive process has resulted in the bill we are considering today, which we believe is a solid safety improvement. First, we require PHMSA to set minimum Federal standards for underground natural gas storage facilities—a critical issue for my home State of California after the Aliso Canyon leak. We make sure PHMSA is focused on finishing outstanding issues from the last reauthorization by requiring PHMSA to update Congress every 90 days on its progress. The bill also authorizes emergency order authority for the pipeline sector but with important preorder requirements to make sure, if the DOT uses such authority, it does it right. This legislation promotes the better use of data and technology to improve safety, including studying the latest innovations in pipeline materials and corrosion prevention. Ultimately, our goal is to make sure that we have the safest pipeline network in the world. We have worked in a bipartisan, bicameral manner to develop this bill. I believe that this bill will improve the safety of our pipeline infrastructure. I thank Messrs. CAPUANO , SHUSTER , and DEFAZIO for their work on this bill. I also thank Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman UPTON , who has worked tirelessly on this with Ranking Member PALLONE . Lastly, I thank the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, & Transportation for its hard work. Together, we have made a great bill that will create a safer infrastructure for our pipelines. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As you have just heard, this is a great piece of legislation. This is exactly the way that Congress is supposed to work. We had our differences, but we worked them out because everybody gave a little bit to get to the middle—to get something good for America. This is the kind of bill that, on an average day, will not get any of us elected or unelected, but it is something that is good for the safety of America on pipelines and hazardous materials. I would like to point out just a few items that, I think, are particularly important: For the first time, we have added an emergency order authority so that our regulators, when there is a problem, can quickly address it as opposed to having to wait around and let it burn out on its own; We added some provisions in there to boost funding to the States and the localities so that they can train their own people on how to deal with these things, because they are, after all, the first responders; We added some information relative to oil spill response plans. For me, I thought it was very important that we added a section that makes sure that there are no conflicts of interest on the studies done by PHMSA, on which we rely. There are many other provisions in this bill that are deserving of our support—as always, like with any bill. Any one of us can point out things that we don’t like or that we wanted more on, but that is what compromise is all about. I am proud to be here again with another bill that comes out of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and for the traditional way that we have worked for many, many years in a bipartisan way. I thank Messrs. DENHAM , SHUSTER , and DEFAZIO, all of the members of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and the members of the Energy and Commerce Committee. This particular bill is more difficult than usual because there were two committees involved. It makes four different sides and eight different sides on the House, plus the Senate; yet we did it in a reasonable fashion and in a relatively quick way. It proves the system can work when you have people at the table who want it to work. 
I thank everybody who has been involved with this, and I look forward to the passage of the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ). Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to support this legislation today and to commend the committees for their work on pipeline safety and pipeline safety improvement. I also have to take this opportunity, because the committee has done very good work on the FAST Act, to talk about rail safety. This rail accident occurred over the weekend just 7 miles from my home in the national scenic area of the Columbia River Gorge. I was there not long after it happened. I met with the incident commanders. I met with the fire chief. I met with city officials and county officials. Let me just say that, while you are protecting pipelines—and that is really important—we need to continue to make progress on rail safety and to make sure that the new cars that were ordered by this Congress get put into service, especially in these critical waterway areas, as soon as possible. We need to make sure that track improvements are required—that new fasteners are used to deal with issues where, in this case, perhaps, it is a track separation issue. We need to make sure that our first responders get all of the training and that the Department of Transportation finishes its work on its rule for spill response and for safety. This is a critically important issue for the people I represent on both the Oregon and Washington sides of the Columbia River because these trains are going through, and we are having these kinds of situations. We need to make sure we have the most uptodate safety, the most uptodate training, and the safest cars and tracks possible. We are going to stay on this until that happens. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), the ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. PALLONE. I thank my friend from Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I want to echo what Mr. CAPUANO said about the bipartisan nature of this bill and in our working together between the two committees to achieve success. The vast network of energy pipelines in this country is essentially out of sight, out of mind for most Americans, but when something goes wrong, these facilities can make themselves known in devastating and sometimes deadly ways. This is something that both Representative CAPPS and Representative SHERMAN , unfortunately, have experienced since the start of this Congress. My own district experienced the devastation of a pipeline failure in 1994 when a pipeline exploded in Edison, New Jersey, and destroyed about 300 homes. Ever since then, I have sought to make our Nation’s pipelines safer by making the law and its regulator stronger. The legislation before us, while not the bill that maybe we would have written, as Mr. CAPUANO said, is a good proposal that moves the ball forward on safety. It is the result of a number of weeks of bipartisan, bicameral negotiations. While some compromises were made, this is a product that in many ways is greater than the sum of its parts. I am particularly pleased that it includes versions of important provisions that were authored by a number of Energy and Power Subcommittee members, including Mrs. CAPPS , Messrs. GREEN , ENGEL , MCNERNEY , and WELCH , and Ranking Member B OBBY  RUSH. In particular, the House amendment gives the Secretary of Transportation, for the first time ever, emergency order authority to address the threats to public health, safety, and the environment that are posed by dangerous pipelines on a comprehensive, industrywide basis. It also changes the existing pipeline safety information grant program, which helps ensure adequate funding of pipeline safety technical assistance grants to communities and nonprofit organizations. I am pleased that the legislation improves the protection of coastal beaches and marine coastal waters—areas that are vital to my district and to the districts of many others—by explicitly designating them as areas that are unusually sensitive to the environmental damage that is caused by pipeline failures. It also contains a provision that establishes a program for regulating underground natural gas storage facilities. I urge the passage of the bill. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), the full committee chair of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, pipeline safety is especially personal for me. Back in 2010, we experienced a bad spill just outside of my district in southwest Michigan that impacted the Kalamazoo River. Ask anyone who was directly affected. Seeing the aftermath firsthand smacks the senses and leaves a lasting impression. While a spill can happen in an instant, the damage can take decades and, in fact, more than $1 billion to fix. Underscoring the need for strong safety laws is what this bill does. Congress asked the Department of Transportation’s Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration—that is PHMSA for short—to develop and enforce pipeline safety regulations. PHMSA doesn’t do the job by itself. It relies heavily on partnerships with States and local governments to inspect the pipelines and, yes, to enforce the law; but the reality is that more can be done to prevent accidents from occurring and to mitigate spills when the unthinkable happens. b1730 The amendment to the Senate bill before us today, this bill, incorporates texts from two House bills, which were both approved unanimously in committee: H.R. 5050, the Pipeline Safety Act, which passed the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and H.R. 4937, the PIPES Act of 2016, which passed the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. This important legislation will reauthorize PHMSA’s pipeline safety through 2019, press PHMSA to complete overdue safety regs, and impose additional new safety requirements for pipeline operators. I have often said that pipelines should be subject to greater scrutiny and more frequent inspections, and those that cross the Straits of Mackinac are a perfect example. The Straits of Mackinac is a narrow waterway that separates Michigan’s two peninsulas. It connects Lake Michigan and Lake Huron. The exceptionally strong and complex currents hundreds of feet deep make this area tremendously sensitive. If a spill were to occur, the consequences would be unthinkable. Our solution improves protections for the Great Lakes and other areas around the country where the threat of a spill poses the greatest risk to public safety and the environment. It also requires pipeline operators to consider a worstcase discharge into icy waters and conduct more frequent and transparent and, in some cases, annual inspections of deep underwater crossings. This bill does that. We also update and improve PHMSA’s pipeline safety program in a number of other ways by closing the gaps in Federal standards for underground natural gas storage and liquefied natural gas facilities. It promotes better use of data and technology and improves communication with pipeline operators to incorporate the lessons learned from past incidents. We promised action, and today that is what this bill does. I am proud of the bipartisan agreement that will make a real difference. I am proud of the relationship that our committee has with Chairman SHUSTER and the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and all the good work that everyone has done—Mr. PALLONE , Mr. RUSH, and our colleagues in the Senate. This is a bipartisan bill. Let’s get ’er done. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), the ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Protecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act, the PIPES bill. I thank the chairmen of the subcommittee, the full committee, and also the members of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Representative MIKECAPUANO , and members of the Energy and Commerce Committee on our 
side. This is a good bipartisan product, something that is pretty rare around here these days. It reauthorizes the Department of Transportation’s pipeline safety program for 4 years and includes a number of important measures that will better protect our communities, ensuring that pipelines are a safe means to transport natural gas, hazardous liquids, and crude oil. Most importantly, this bill gives the Secretary of Transportation new emergency order authority to impose certain emergency restrictions and safety measures on pipeline operators to address an imminent hazard resulting from an incident or an unsafe practice, which is authority that doesn’t currently exist. Here is a good example. Fairly recently, we had a defective pipeline from China. We shouldn’t be buying pipeline from China. But anyway, we had some defective, junky Chinese product pipeline, and there was an incident. But the administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Safety Materials Agency does not have the authority to order a nationwide inspection or removal of an imminent hazard, i.e., defective Chinese pipeline. All they could do was voluntary guidance. Now, we will have emergency order authority. Some were concerned that they would use this as a way to endrun the regulatory process on other matters that are not an imminent hazard to health and safety, and there are provisions in the bill that would prevent that. We are also pushing them to complete the mandates of the last bill, 2011, a bipartisan bill, where they have 16 mandates that Congress required that we felt were needed and prudent. And they are not through the regulatory process as yet. So we are moving them forward on that, and hopefully, the trolls down at the Office of Management and Budget who hold these things up—hello, do you live near a pipeline— that they will get the message and they will get these vital provisions that have been too long delayed. It gives Federal, State, and emergency local responders MSDS sheets, safety sheets, so we know what the oil is. We have had past spills where we couldn’t figure out what they were dealing with for days, and that is not acceptable. It gives the agency the authority to have standards for underground natural gas storage facilities, but it allows States like Oregon, which has seven of these, to go above those standards so that the States can better protect their citizens. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Oregon an additional 1 minute. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, it would put a small fee on operators of underground storage tanks that would help to support the safety programs. I would say with respect to funding, the bill is funded at current baseline levels. We should have provided them additional funds to carry out their numerous pipeline safety missions, but unfortunately, we couldn’t reach bipartisan agreement on providing additional resources. This bill does, however, increase grants to States to help them carry out their intrastate pipeline safety programs. It reauthorizes funding for pipeline safety information grants to communities, which are important to my constituents. There are pipelines in places that no one is aware. There is one that runs down the middle of the Willamette Valley, all the way down, that supplies the Eugene Airport and a storage facility down in Eugene. A number of years ago, there was a news story, like: what pipeline? There are new developments going in. The signs are buried under blackberry bushes, and people aren’t aware of these things. So we have to make certain those pipelines are safe. The new provisions for coastal areas are absolutely critical to make sure those are maintained at the highest standard and built to the highest standard in other critical resource areas. All in all, I congratulate my colleagues and recommend this bill. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the chairman of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the PIPES Act. I want to commend Chairman DENHAM , Ranking Member CAPUANO , and Ranking Member DEFAZIO for all the work they have put into this bill. I also want to thank Chairman FRED UPTON from the Energy and Commerce Committee for the great relationship we have been able to develop. In these bills, we share jurisdiction, so we have been able to work and incorporate provisions from both the committees. I also want to thank my colleagues on the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee who have worked with us over the past month to produce the legislation we are considering today. Pipelines are vital for getting energy products to markets and users. It is one of the safest modes of transportation, if not the safest. I believe this bill will build on the safety advances that we have been making. Congress last authorized the pipeline safety bill in 2011, and that bipartisan act charged DOT with updating regulations and procedures across a host of issues. But DOT needs to finish out those provisions, and this bill includes strong transparency and reporting requirements to keep pressure to finish the 2011 work. Another major provision in this act provides PHMSA with emergency order authority for pipelines. Most other Department of Transportation modal administrations have EO authority, which allows regulators to act quickly when they identify an industrywide safety issue that poses an imminent hazard to the public. As we crafted this language, we took great care to balance a variety of concerns. This bill maintains the Transportation Committee language that requires PHMSA to consult with industry stakeholders and other regulators prior to issuing an EO so that PHMSA understands the potential impact on the economy, end users, and safety. We also included extensive due process procedures on the back end so that if the agency makes a wrong call, affected parties will have redress, both administratively and judicially. PHMSA is also required to issue regulations to carry out this authority, including requiring administrative law judge procedures that mirror similar requirements in the hazmat EO authority. This is a good bill. It builds on the work that we did in 2011. It is developed in a bipartisan, bicameral manner. Again, I thank Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. DENHAM , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. U PTON , Mr. PALLONE , and the Senate for their work and their leadership on this bill. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Energy and Power— which, of course, I love that name— from the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge some of my colleagues who worked together diligently with my office to draft this bipartisan PIPES Act that will help to modernize and secure our Nation’s vast network of energy pipeline infrastructure. Specifically, Mr. Speaker, I recognize my colleagues from the Energy and Commerce Committee, including Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member PALLONE , as well as Energy and Power Subcommittee Chairman EDWHITFIELD . Additionally, Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge my colleagues from the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, including Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member DEFAZIO, as well as Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials Subcommittee Chairman DENHAM and Ranking Member CAPUANO , the fine gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan piece of legislation improves safety by closing gaps in Federal standards and improving protection of coastal areas, including the Great Lakes. Additionally, this bill will enhance the quality and timeliness of Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety Administration rulemakings, promote better use of data and technology to improve pipeline safety, and leverage Federal and State pipeline safety resources to assist State and local communities. Mr. Speaker, this is a fine piece of bipartisan legislation, and I am honored 
and privileged to stand before the House and ask all of my colleagues to support this outstanding bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER ). Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I certainly rise in strong support of this legislation, which really includes some critical protections for one of our Nation’s most precious assets. And that, of course, is the Great Lakes, which has 20 percent of our Nation’s freshwater drinking supply, as well as it provides hundreds of jobs and billions of dollars of economic activity. Today, there are millions of gallons per day of hazardous liquids which are transported through a number of lines in the Great Lakes. Mr. Speaker, we absolutely need energy in all transparency. We need the energy, but we need to make sure that we are transiting in a very safe and environmentally secure way because there is zero room for error in the Great Lakes. There is a 62yearold pipeline that is called line 5 that runs under the Straits of Mackinac, which is right in between Lake Huron and Lake Michigan. Any rupture there would be very, very difficult, if not impossible, to contain. This bill has a number of provisions in regards to line 5, for instance, that would conduct internal integrity assessments at least once a year. This bill also designates the Great Lakes as a USA ecological resource, which is very important. As well, it also makes sure that we have emergency spill response plans if, in the case of ice coverage, which really considers the unique environment of the Great Lakes. In regards to Enbridge, there is also a line 6B which runs under the Saint Clair River, which is in my district. A number of years ago—and Chairman UPTON was talking about this particular line that had a spill just outside of his district—but this part of 6B runs under something called the Saint Clair River, again, a very environmentally sensitive artery for the Great Lakes. We talked to Enbridge. And long story short, they came to the right conclusion there. They actually completely replaced almost 3,600 feet of this pipeline under the Saint Clair River. So they did the right thing there. They had been reluctant to address that. Again, we need the energy, Mr. Speaker, but we need to make sure that we are transiting energy in a very safe way and in an environmentally sensitive way. I think this bill today goes a long way to address many of the concerns that we have had in the Great Lakes. I thank Chairman DENHAM again for yielding the time and for taking these issues into consideration. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENE GREEN ), my friend who serves on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for letting us Energy and Commerce folks have some time. According to the Congressional Research Service, the United States has more than 2.9 million miles of pipelines in our vast network. According to the Texas Pipeline Association, Texas has more than 320,000 miles of intrastate pipelines. b1745 As a lifelong Houstonian, there has never been a time in my life when I haven’t lived along a pipeline easement. Needless to say, in Texas, we know pipelines, but we also know about the importance of safety. Every day, industry moves millions of gallons or cubic feet of domestically produced and refined product without any problems. Since 2005, the United States has seen a general decline in the number of pipeline releases or accidents that result in environmental damage or personal injury. We understand that the compounds moved via pipeline pose a risk, and we must effectively manage and mitigate that risk to protect our citizens and the environment. Today I think we are taking another step in the right direction. The bill before the House today is a good bill that attempts to lay down concrete rules of the road for the next 5 years. For the sake of our constituencies, we need to pass this bipartisan bill in a bipartisan way. I would like to voice my support for this bill and ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the same. Four years ago we gave PHMSA a job to do. While some of their work has been completed, there is still work to do. That is why this bill directs PHMSA to prioritize rulemaking and complete the work before them. We should not continue to add requirements on their plate. We should allow PHMSA the time and, most importantly, give them the resources required to finish this important job. I would like to express support for the PHMSA workforce management language. We need inspectors in the field working closely with their industry partners to avoid another emergency situation. In my opinion, robust inspection is the best option available for everyone involved. If we reach the enforcement stage, that means something has gone wrong and we are too late. Industry, PHMSA, and the workers support this provision. The second provision I would like to support is the emergency authority for PHMSA. While this provision may not be perfect, it represents a strong balance between enforcement and review. It is important to keep in mind that this is emergency authority. Unfortunately, when there is an incident involving a pipeline, we need to act with speed, efficiency, and resolve. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want our executive agencies on the scene ensuring we are protecting the people and the environment. We must ensure that people have confidence in the pipeline system, and effective crisis management will help build that belief. I appreciate the hard work that went into crafting this provision. Compromise is not easy, so I want to thank both sides for drafting these provisions. I know there is more work ahead, but I look forward to supporting the current bill. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ). Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, on October 23, a gas leak was discovered at one of the 115 wells at the Aliso Canyon natural gas storage facility located in my district near Porter Ranch, California. I want to thank Congressman BRAD SHERMAN , who lives in Porter Ranch and was a great partner in this terrible tragedy, making sure that people were taken care of and we could move past this and move quickly to getting this taken care of. This leak persisted for 118 days and was recognized as one of the largest disasters of 2015. During this time, residents of the surrounding neighborhoods suffered. Some temporarily relocated their families. Two schools were permanently relocated, at least for that semester, and many businesses were put on hold. As the Representative for Porter Ranch, my immediate priority was to protect my constituents who live there and then ensure that this situation was resolved as quickly as possible. At the same time, I wanted to make sure that a crisis like this can never happen in our communities again. Today we take a giant step forward in doing just that. In February, I introduced the Natural Gas Leak Prevention Act, which would require the Secretary of Transportation to issue adequate safety standards for natural gas storage facilities like Aliso Canyon in Porter Ranch and another very large facility, Honor Rancho in Valencia, which is also in my district. The SAFE PIPES Act contains the language from the Natural Gas Leak Prevention Act as well as provisions to create an Aliso Canyon task force that would investigate the causes of the leak and recommend further actions to prevent such disasters in the future. This is the type of swift and effective action that we need in order to prevent our communities and our families from tragedies like the Porter Ranch gas leak. I want to thank many people who were involved in this situation. A special thanks to Paula Cracium and the 
entire neighborhood council for providing support to the community in its time of need. I would also like to thank my colleague, Representative JEFF DENHAM , for his efforts to move this measure forward, including flying down to my district in March to tour the facility with the people involved. I would like to thank, as well, Senator DEBFISCHER and Chairman B ILL SHUSTER for their immense support and the many staff members who worked tirelessly on this legislation. This terrible tragedy had real impacts on the lives of thousands of people I represent. We cannot undo the damage that was done in Porter Ranch, but we can and must make sure every effort to mitigate the impacts on their daytoday lives and assist in the recovery process. It is time to move forward on comprehensive legislation to prevent another incident from happening in our communities ever again. I would like to say that this would never, ever happen again; but without action, without us moving forward, without people working together and Congress working together, this can happen. So this type of legislation is needed, and the people who are affected appreciate this; and the people who have worked on this, I appreciate very much. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ). Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, as my colleague from California pointed out, we in Porter Ranch experienced the largest natural gas leak in history. Seven thousand families were evacuated for months, and yet, as I speak, there are no Federal regulations for underground natural gas storage facilities, and the State regulations are surprisingly minimal, even in famously green California. Why? Because the natural gas industry and regulators believed that natural gas was only a problem if you were within a few hundred feet. What we have experienced with this multibillioncubicfoot leak is 7,000 families evacuated from an area in a 5 mile radius because the volatile organic compounds and the mercaptan in that natural gas caused enormous health problems. That is why I went to the President of the United States and the Vice President at the caucus that we attended and got a public commitment that we would get regulations probably this year. This legislation is important because it makes it clear that, while PHMSA has the regulatory authority to act, if they don’t act, they are required to act within 2 years under this legislation. I am pleased to say that the legislation includes a provision that I think is very important and which I have championed from the beginning, and that is to clarify that a State can adopt tougher standards than whatever the Federal Government adopts. The legislation also officially establishes the Department of Energy’s Aliso Canyon natural gas task force. That task force is already up and running. We are working with it. It is the brainchild of Senators BOXER and F EINSTEIN , and I think formally establishing it in this regulation makes sense. We need to adopt tough natural gas storage safety regulations for this entire country because Aliso Canyon, the storage facility next to Porter Ranch, was only the fifth largest natural gas storage field. There could be others. It could be in your district. That is why we need tough standards, and if we don’t get them from PHMSA this year, we will have legislation requiring them within 2 years after the enactment of this legislation. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I would just like to close out by simply repeating what I said earlier. I am very happy, very proud to have worked on this bill. I am very happy and very satisfied with the way we worked cooperatively. I want to thank the staff on our side who worked on it, Jennifer Esposito Homendy and Steve Carlson on my staff. I want to thank all the staff on the Republican side. I know that America has this view that we hate each other and we never talk to each other and we do nothing but call each other names. I have done that in private, of course, but the truth is this is exactly the way it is supposed to work. Absent not getting a few things I wanted, this was actually a pleasure to work on. I am very proud of the work product. I am very proud of the work environment that we have. I think this is a bill that the American people can be proud of. I think it is a bill that the Congress can be proud of. Again, I want to thank everyone who worked with us on this. I look forward to the President’s signature. Again, I want to thank the staff. Let’s be honest, we take all the credit. We do the big speeches and all that kind of stuff, but without the staff, we couldn’t get this done. I want to thank everybody involved with it for their professionalism, for their enthusiasm, for their long nights and difficult time. I look forward to doing this again in 4 years. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. CAPUANO has been a great partner in this. This has been going on for many years now, many months of roundtables, many months of hearings, and it has been a true pleasure working together in a bipartisan way to address our differences, but most importantly, to actually address the safety of the American public. This is a big bill: 2.6 million miles of pipeline, 64 percent of our Nation’s energy. We didn’t take it lightly. We wanted to hear from the public. We wanted to hear from stakeholders across the country, and we wanted to hear from Members across the country representing their districts. It was truly a bipartisan effort. We appreciate the support and work of the ranking member and full committee chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce as well as the ranking member and the committee chairman of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Specifically, I want to thank Mr. KNIGHT for his leadership on this issue. You never expect to have an emergency in the middle of deliberating on a bill. In this case, we did. He showed real leadership in coming to the table and inviting us out to his district to see it firsthand so that we could actually address safety concerns in this bill as well. It is a great bill to improve the safety of the country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the final passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the House Amendment to S. 2276. Millions of miles of natural gas and hazardous liquid pipelines crisscross our country and touch countless communities. While these pipelines are an essential part of our nation’s energy infrastructure, we all know—many from firsthand experience—that our reliance on these pipelines is inherently risky. Too often we hear of a pipeline failure, just like the Plains pipeline spill in my congressional district last year, which harms the health of local communities, the regional economy, and the environment. And we know that it really isn’t a question of if there will be another spill in another community, but when. With that is mind it is clear that we must do all we can to prevent the next spill from occurring and mitigate the damage when it does. We need to make the oil and gas industries that rely on these vulnerable methods of transportation more transparent and safer. We need to ensure that the federal regulator, the Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety Administration (PHMSA), has the tools it needs to ensure the safe operation of natural gas and hazardous liquid pipelines under federal jurisdiction. And we owe it to the communities who are still picking up the pieces from these incidents to do all we can to learn from these tragedies to protect others in the future. The bill before us today is an important step to do just that. This bill would provide PHMSA with the emergency order authority to appropriately respond to systemic pipeline issues. And it would ensure that important, long overdue rules are finalized and implemented, including the rules for automatic shutoff valves and leak detection. This technology is critical to minimizing the damage when a spill does occur. This bill also includes specific provisions that apply the lessons learned from the Plains spill. Specifically, this legislation would mandate a study on the causes of corrosion including risks associated with insulated pipelines—the underlying cause of the Plains failure—and the best methods to prevent corrosion from occurring in this infrastructure. This legislation would also improve protection of 
coastal areas, including coastal beaches, marine coastal waters, and the Great Lakes, by explicitly designating them as ‘‘unusually sensitive areas.’’ This will bring more stringent safety requirements to these particularly vulnerable areas like my community. Finally, this legislation would require a report examining ways to improve hazardous liquid pipeline safety through integrity management actions, including an analysis of risk factors that may warrant more frequent inspections. While nothing can take us back to prevent the Plains spill, this bill as a whole is an important, bipartisan effort to protect my and other communities going forward. And that is why I support it. We must embrace this opportunity for the sake of the health and safety of our constituents and the environment. I would like to thank Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member PALLONE as well as subcommittee Ranking Member RUSHfor working with me to craft a bill that addresses the failures that led to the Plains spill. I would also like to commend staff from both the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for working in a bipartisan and bicameral way to get to this final product. Our constituents are relying on us. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I hope we are able to send S. 2276 to the President for his signature in the very near future. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2276, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO D UBOIS AREA MIDDLE SCHOOL ON BEING NAMED A ‘‘SCHOOL TO WATCH’’ (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the students and staff at the DuBois Area Middle School on being named a Pennsylvania Don Eichhorn School to Watch. This is the 12th consecutive year that the middle school has earned this distinction, one of only two middle schools in the State to do so. The Schools to Watch program was started in 1999 as a national program to identify exceptional middle schools across the country. As part of the program, State teams observe classrooms; interview administrators, teachers, parents, and students; and look at achievement data, suspension rates, quality of lessons, and student work. DuBois Area Middle School will be formally recognized at an event coming up on June 25 in Arlington at the national Schools to Watch Conference. Maintaining this level of excellence over more than a decade is hard work. I have the highest respect for the students, the staff, and the administration at the DuBois Area Middle School. I wish them the best of success in the future. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MUHAMMAD ALI The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, one of the great joys of representing Louisville in the House of Representatives is that I get to constantly claim that I represent Muhammad Ali and the home of Muhammad Ali. It has always been a source of pride not just to me, but to all of my fellow Louisvillians that we could say that the Louisville Lip, the greatest of all time, called Louisville home. Now one of the brightest lights in the world has extinguished. Muhammad Ali passed away last Friday after a long and courageous battle with Parkinson’s disease, and the world has experienced a collective grief period. The joy of his accomplishments, the recognition of his commitment to peace, to tolerance, to respect, to love, all of those things, have come from all over the world. b1800 So tonight, some of my colleagues and I have come to the floor to talk about Muhammad Ali, his life, his legacy, personal stories, the impact that he has had on our lives and on this country’s life and on the world. He will be laid to rest this Friday in Louisville. Former President Clinton will eulogize him, and many leaders from around the world will be there to pay their respects. But I go back many, many years. When I was 16 years old, living in Louisville, having watched him—then, Cassius Clay, an 8to1 underdog—upset the great, terrifying Sonny Liston in Miami, and then going to the airport the next day to welcome him home. I stood outside the airport. There weren’t a lot of people there that day. And as Cassius Clay emerged from that terminal and looked around and drew himself up, I said I had never seen a more beautiful human specimen in my life. So when he called himself not just the greatest of all time, but the prettiest of all time, I was not going to argue with him. Of course, I wasn’t going to argue with him about much. That was my first personal exposure to Muhammad Ali. He was a man who gained fame in a violent game, but he earned his immortality as a kind, gentle, and caring soul. In the later years, when I got to know him better and spent more time around him, that is the one thing that always came through: his wonderful soul. I don’t know that I have ever known a person or seen a person who got more joy out of making a child smile as Muhammad Ali. And there was never a time when he was in the presence of children where he didn’t make an effort to stop, joke with them, play with them. That was a source of incredible joy for him. So, as we remember Muhammad Ali tonight, we remember not just his boxing prowess. We remember the courage he showed outside the ring. He came to age in a very, very turbulent period in American history: during the civil rights demonstrations, when America was experiencing a convulsion over how to deal with the issue of race. And then the Vietnam war—a war whose opposition Ali paid a dear price for in 1967—refusing to be drafted into the armed services, knowing that it would cost him his boxing career, understanding that he might well go to jail and never fight again, but willing to stand for principles. And in doing that, I think he turned the country around and made them view the Vietnam war in a different light. It wouldn’t have happened, but for Muhammad Ali. He was not the only one, of course, but he was the most prominent one. Later, who can forget lighting that torch in the Atlanta Olympics in 1996, shaking from the Parkinson’s disease that he had, but inspiring millions. And, again, making a statement about disabilities that meant so much to so many. So tonight, as we hear from various Members about Muhammad Ali, I think what will come through is not just, again, his skills as an athlete, but his contributions as a citizen of the world and someone who has left a lasting legacy, not just on people’s lives individually, but on the civilization as a whole. I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ). Mr. COHEN. I want to thank Mr. YARMUTH for putting together this hour. I think it is important that we recognize icons in our society and people who have contributed so much, as you well expressed, to American culture and to the thinking in our country about war, about race, and about people with disabilities. Those are three very, very major areas that Muhammad Ali had a great impact on. You related back to when you were 16 years old. I was not quite 15 years old. At that time, my family had moved to Coral Gables, Florida. We lived there 
from 1961 to 1964. During that period, Muhammad Ali’s second home was Miami Beach and the 5th Street Gym. During that period is when Ali, as Cassius Clay, had won the Olympic gold medal—and I remember him winning the Olympic gold medal in 1960, in Rome—and when his professional career started. He probably started in Louisville, but he was quickly in Miami Beach fighting. So he was on the news all the time in Miami Beach and on the sports shows and whatever else, but always on TV and a personality in Miami Beach. My granddad gave me $20, which was a lot of money, on February 25, 1964, if I remember—and I went to that fight. I was sitting probably in the highest seat in the Miami Beach Convention Center and watching that fighting by myself. My dad wasn’t so much into it, but my grandfather gave me that $20 and I went to it. I have got my docket. It’s a great looking ClayListon ticket, in good shape, and a couple of programs from that event, which I am proud to have. I have been a fan of his, and I know how much of an impact he had on our world. I was also a boxing fan of Floyd Patterson. Floyd Patterson was a previous champion. The first time that Floyd fought Muhammad Ali, I have to admit that I was cheering for Floyd. Floyd didn’t do too well. He hurt his back and was taunted by Ali. He wanted him to say his name. And he punished him pretty good through 12 rounds. But the second time they fought, which was in the early seventies, Patterson did a lot better. They stopped the fight at the end of the sixth or the beginning of the seventh. And it was closer to even. After the fight, as I understand it, Ali told the referee not to stop the fight because Patterson is fighting so well and he should be able to continue fighting and it wasn’t fair to stop it. I saw an interview with thenCassius Clay with Steve Allen from 1963 that is on the Internet. In that interview, they said something about Floyd Patterson. First, Clay made a joke and he said that Liston knocked him out twice in one round. And Floyd’s jaw was somewhat challenged. He said his leg should sue his body for lack of support. And then he kind of stopped and laughed and chuckled and said: I shouldn’t say that; I like Floyd. Of course, that was before. Floyd didn’t recognize his new name. Louisville was the home of Cassius Clay/Muhammad Ali. One of the great attractions in Louisville is the Muhammad Ali Center, which I have had the opportunity to visit and go through. You can sit and watch all of Ali’s fights, any one of them. Sit in a chair and push a button and there it is. And just watch any fight. I watched that second PattersonAli fight. Floyd was doing pretty good through those six rounds. It is more than for boxing. It is a center. And it is about what he did for children and there are a lot of displays about what he did for children and what he did for peace and his efforts around the world. I think that is the great thing about Muhammad Ali. They didn’t build a boxing museum. They built a center about all of his desires for freedom and for helping people around the globe and showing we are all one. As he said back in I think January of this year, his religion of Islam was not about San Bernardino and Brussels or Paris or any other place there have been attacks. Islam was a religion of love, and it should be that way. And it was not the religion he knew. Anybody who thought it was that way and wanted to discriminate against people based on their religion were wrong, because it wasn’t that type of religion. So he was still, up until this year, taking positions of conscience to try to steer people in the right direction. I keep under my glass on my office desk a quote from Muhammad Ali. It is on a postcard that I got at the Muhammad Ali Center. It shows Muhammad Ali in the ring kind of dancing around. And it says: ‘‘The fight is won or lost away from witnesses—behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights.’’ And it made me think about what we do in politics. Our elections are generally not won—if you are serious about your job and your constituents— right before elections. It is done during your term of office and what you do for your constituents and how you vote and what you do for folks, which is the same thing as a fighter being out there in the gym and on the road doing roadwork, hitting the bag, and training. So Ali is what I look at when I sit down. It is right underneath my desk. And I see that and he kind of guides me—and he guides everybody—in that way, if you think about that. That is what life is about: preparation and having a plan and taking action to implement the plan. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ). Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. I thank the gentleman from Louisville for organizing this Special Order this evening. I can’t think of an athlete who more impacted my life and certainly the lives of people in our generation. The gentleman from Louisville started in 1960—or maybe it started when you were 16—but watching then Cassius Marcellus Clay in the 1960 Olympics in Rome—a legendary Olympics that produced so many highlights of American athleticism, from Bob Hayes to Rafer Johnson and, of course, this young, boyishlooking, but eloquent and masterful heavyweight that moved like nothing else I had ever seen or would ever see since. My father worked three jobs. About the only time he was home on a Friday night, we would watch the Gillette Sports Hour, which was the boxing matches that would occur. My dad loved to follow boxing. He was a big Joe Louis and Rocky Marciano fan. Of course, my dad’s generation, when Cassius Marcellus Clay came along, were not happy with his poetry and braggadocio manner. As a kid, we thought it was the coolest thing. And I would always remind my dad that he never made a boast that his fists couldn’t back up. And the poetry. He was ahead of his time in terms of rap, but he also was ahead of his time in terms of what he brought to the sport. As the distinguished gentleman from Louisville pointed out, when he stepped into the ring with Sonny Liston, we all feared for his life. But as it turned out, he had that speed and that endurance and his incredible skills. He did everything that a boxer shouldn’t do, but he was able to do it because of the exceptional ability. How do I know this? We are fortunate to have in this Chamber somebody who was in the ring with Muhammad Ali. He was in the ring with him, Sonny Liston, and Joe Frazier. BOBBRADY of Philadelphia was a sparring partner and used in the ring. As you all know, BOBBRADY is a pretty big guy. And he also can move. He maybe doesn’t look so nowadays, but he still looks pretty fierce. I wouldn’t want to get in the ring with BOBBRADY . But I asked him once to explain what that might have been like. And he was dear friends with Joe Frazier. He said: But you wouldn’t get in a ring with Sonny Liston unless you had a lot of people around you. He said he was the meanest person he ever met or got in the ring with in his life. And I said: What about Muhammad Ali? He said: There is nothing like him. He said he was a freak. I said: What do you mean, a freak? He said: A freak of nature, because of what he was able to do with his speed, with his grace, and the simplistic thing of just being able to move away, from skills that, when you watch these films today, you are in awe of them. I can remember coming in and talking about the Ali shuffle when we saw him do that against Cooper in England. No one had ever seen anything like that. And when he came back and he got in the ring and he would dance, you just knew that he was going to win— the confidence that he always exuded. b1815 Then, as JOHNYARMUTH pointed out, he became so much bigger than the sport itself because of his conviction, and he did it during a tumultuous time. The sixties will probably go down and forever be remembered as a great crucible for the history of this country when, converging at the same time were the civil rights movement, an education movement that was spawned by the launching of Sputnik, the civil rights movement that also spawned the antiwar movement, that spawned the 
woman’s movement, that spawned the ecological movement—all came about during this tumultuous time. And who was one of the leaders? One of the most recognized faces in America, beyond perhaps John F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King, was Muhammad Ali, and he brought so much more because of his conviction. I remember my experience of meeting him for the first time in East Hartford, Connecticut, working at Woodland Auto Body, putting tire black on cars. If you ever had this luxurious duty, you would not appreciate it. All of a sudden, this gold Toronado pulled into Woodland Auto Body. Now, most of the people who worked at Woodland Auto Body were of African American lineage. I saw this Toronado pull in—and if you know anything about a Toronado, it has one long window—and when they rolled down the window, there was Bundini Brown. He said: Do you know how to get to WINF radio station? I said: Well, yes, sir. It’s just up the street here. I looked in the back, and there was Muhammad Ali, and I said: The champ. I said: Wait right here. And I went inside because I knew my coworkers, who certainly enjoyed seeing me have to put tire black on cars—I came running in and I said: Muhammad Ali is out here. The champ is here. And they looked at me and said: Yeah, right, and Santa Claus is coming also. But they came out. And emerging from this gold Toronado was this unbelievably gracious human being, of course, at 6 foot 3, certainly towering above me, and even among some of the brothers who were out there talking. But we couldn’t believe that he was actually there in our midst. If you believe there is a certain aura that people have around them, he had it. He was given a gift, and he used it. That picture that appeared in The New York Times, with so many athletes of the period, the legendary Jim Brown and Bill Russell all sitting at that table, understanding what this youthful but spiritual individual had done not just for Black America, but what he did for the world in terms of speaking truth to power. I will always remember that grace and elegance and rooting for him, and even being scared to death, in the Rumble in the Jungle, that George Foreman might do him harm, and said, ‘‘Oh, my God. What is he doing, hanging on the ropes?’’ which later became famous for ropeadope. But he was the most unique athlete that I have ever observed in my life. And beyond that unique talent that he brought to the ring, and those skills that he brought to bear with unprecedented grace and ability, he also made the world a better place, as the gentleman from Louisville pointed out, and distinguished himself far beyond what he accomplished in the ring by his simple pleas to America. I was so happy to see him, in his later years, atone for some of the cruel things he had said during his life to Joe Frazier and to other people and some of the taunts that he did. It just showed the depth and the character of someone we so admired. I thank the gentleman so much for allowing me the opportunity to share that reminiscence about The Greatest. Mr. YARMUTH. I thank the gentleman, and since he referenced the poetry and the facts that Muhammad Ali is sometimes actually considered the godfather of rap, I would like to read one thing that he wrote. This is right after the Olympics in 1960: 
To make America the greatest is my goal, So I beat the Russian and I beat the Pole, And for the USA won the medal of gold, Italians said, you’re greater than the Cassius of old. We like your name, we like your game, So make Rome your home if you will. I said, I appreciate the hospitality, But the USA is my country still, Because they’re waiting to welcome me in Louisville. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ). Mrs. BEATTY. I thank my colleague, Congressman YARMUTH . Mr. Speaker, to the rest of my colleagues, it is indeed an honor for me to come tonight to share in the life and the legacy of The Greatest, of the champ, of Muhammad Ali. Like my colleagues, I followed his career and was mesmerized by his wit, his poetry, and, more specifically, his boxing skill. But for me tonight, it was a special honor when I became a Member of this United States Congress. It was during the 113th Congress and the 44th Congressional Black Caucus Foundation’s Annual Legislative Conference. During that conference, each member of the Congressional Black Caucus can submit the name of someone they think has made a difference in the lives of others, whether it was for health care, whether it was for civil rights, or making a difference through philanthropy. As I thought about all of the individuals that I could submit, I was very proud that I submitted the name Muhammad Ali. It was even a greater honor when he received the most votes from my colleagues, and he received one of our Phoenix Awards, named after Ralph Metcalfe. So when I stood on that stage before thousands and thousands of individuals, including the President of these United States, President Barack Obama, and watched the video that his family sent because he wasn’t able to attend that dinner, I sat there, honored and proud because this Black man made a difference in the lives of so many young children, so many adults. And today, we come here and we salute and we honor a great legacy. So I want to thank you, Congressman YARMUTH , for letting me make this small contribution. Mr. YARMUTH. I thank the gentlewoman. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ). Mr. MEEKS. I thank the gentleman from Louisville. Mr. Speaker, when I heard of the greatest of all time’s passing, my heart was filled and heavy because he was very significant in my life. When you just think of him—and I got to meet him first as a young boy. I was about 10 years old. My dad was a professional boxer. He is one of 49, one of 49 individuals to get knocked out by Rocky Marciano. But that also brought him into the area where he got to know many of the boxers in training, et cetera. He would train in the same gym in New York where Sugar Ray Robinson was, and where Bundini and Youngblood were, who were always in Ali’s corner. So I got to see Ali, this Cassius Clay train at an early age, and fell in love with him immediately. Number one what you could do when you saw Muhammad Ali, at that time you saw a young man who was confident. And yes, as I hear my colleagues talking about his athletic ability and skills, he had all of that. But what I would like to talk about briefly tonight, what was the highest of esteem for Muhammad Ali was his brain. There is nothing that Ali did that he didn’t think about. Everything that he did, there was a reason for it. When he first saw this wrestler and how people hated him, this George guy, but he saw how all the people were coming to watch and paying all of their money because they were talking, he was talking. He said here’s a good way to promote myself and to make sure that he could make some money, and so he did that. Then he thought about calling and naming the round that he was calling people in and all of that. And so he did all of those things, but there was a reason for it. He was a promoter. He knew what it took. People at that time, many of them wanted to go see the Louisville Lip shut up, but each time he would win. What I just want to say about Ali, though, his brain and his heart, his brain and his heart. Because throughout my lifetime, I had several times to be with him and to get to know him a little bit. I will just, for brevity of time, talk about one real quick. I can recall I used to drive him at times when he was in New York. So I would get in the car, and he would get in the car. Of course, he is the funniest guy in the world. He would be telling jokes and doing everything else. So we were driving down the street in Brooklyn, New York. I remember it like it was yesterday. I stopped at a light. All of a sudden, Muhammad is looking around, and he jumps out of the car. He jumps. There were some kids on the corner. He jumps out, and he goes and starts shadowboxing with them. The kids are saying: Oh, the champ, the champ is here, the champ is here. He would just talk to them. He was encouraging them to go to school and 
encouraging them to do good things. I know because when you listened to all of the stories afterwards, individuals were giving personal stories. Never would you see an individual as popular and well known as Ali where an individual could actually talk about a personal story, because Ali wasn’t one that was hidden behind bodyguards or this one or that one. He was one that always wanted to be the man on the street involved with people to make a difference in their life. He set an example for individuals. So I think of the example, too, because of the size of Ali, I heard somebody talking about the rumble in the jungle. I used to go up to the camp and watch them train in Deer Lake. I was there when he was training for George Foreman. I was there, stayed up there for about a week. There, again, talk about consciousness, he had these huge rocks, talking about all of the great African American fighters before him because he never forgot who he was or where he came from, but he had these rocks there, and he was in the gym training. I can remember he would get up on the ropes. He put his hands up, and Angelo Dundee would say: Get off the ropes, champ. Get off the ropes. Get off the ropes, champ. You are going to get killed on those ropes. About the second round of training, he went over, and he said to Angelo: Shut up. I know what I am doing. Nobody knew what he was doing, but he knew what he was doing. He always outthought everyone. He outthought them. That was the key to this thing, the greatest of all time. So, Ali, I say this—I say this because I remember you saying this one time to someone: 
If you want some gin, I’ll get you in 10. If you like wine, it will be round number nine. If you think you’re great, you’ll fall in eight. If you want to go to heaven, it will be round number seven. But if you want to mix, I’ll get you in six. Talk that jive, you’ll fall in five. If you want to go like old Moore, I’ll get you in four. Mess with me, I’ll reduce you to three. If that won’t do, you’ll fall in two. If the crowd wants some fun, you’ll fall in one. Why? Because I float like a butterfly, and I sting like a bee. That’s why nobody mess with Muhammad Ali. 
Ali, we love you. We thank you for your contribution not only to Louisville, not only to the United States of America, not only to African Americans and to Africa, but to everyplace on this planet. You are, indeed, God’s gift to this great planet. We thank God for your life and times. You will live on forever as the greatest of all time—and the prettiest. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ). Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ) for yielding this evening. I am absolutely embarrassed to come after my friend, Congressman GREG MEEKS . Why in the world would the gentleman put me on the schedule to come to the podium at this very moment? But I thank the gentleman, in any event, for his friendship, and I thank the gentleman for his extraordinary leadership. I was in the gentleman’s hometown of Louisville, Kentucky, a few weeks ago and absolutely enjoyed going to church with him and meeting many of his friends there in Louisville. The gentleman is a great Member of this body, and I thank the gentleman so very much. But, Mr. Speaker, I stand with Congressman MEEKS and Congressman COHEN and all of my colleagues today to recognize and to remember a great American, a true American hero. We honor and we remember this extraordinary life and the accomplishments and the countless contributions of Muhammad Ali. Born just 5 years before me in 1942 in Louisville, Kentucky, Cassius Marcellus Clay, Jr., was born to Cassius Marcellus Clay and Mrs. Odessa Lee Grady Clay. Those were his parents. On March 6, 1964, when I was a junior in high school, after joining the Nation of Islam, Cassius Clay became known as Muhammad Ali. b1830 Mr. COHEN , I remember it like it was yesterday. His interest in boxing began at the age of 12 after he reported a stolen bicycle to a local police officer named Joe Martin, who was also a boxing trainer. In 1959, Muhammad Ali was the National Golden Gloves Light Heavyweight Champion and National Amateur Athletic Union champion. After winning his first 19 fights—and that was absolutely incredible, winning his first 19 fights—including 15 knockouts, Muhammad Ali defeated Sonny Liston on February 25, 1964, to become the World Heavyweight Champion. Muhammad Ali would then become the World Heavyweight Champion in 1964, 1974, and 1978, making him the first fighter to capture the heavyweight title on three separate occasions. In 1981, Muhammad Ali retired from professional boxing and dedicated his life to promoting world peace, fighting for civil rights, hunger relief, and just basic human values. His humanitarian work included helping secure the release of 15 U.S. hostages. Many of my colleagues may have forgotten about that, but Muhammad Ali helped to release 15 U.S. hostages held in Iraq during the first Gulf War, four hostages held in Lebanon, and conducted goodwill missions to Afghanistan and to Cuba. Muhammad Ali even had the distinct honor of traveling to South Africa to meet Nelson Mandela following President Mandela’s release from prison. Ali received numerous awards in his life following his boxing career, including being inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame, receiving the Arthur Ashe Courage Award by ESPN, the Essence Living Legend Award, the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2005 by thenPresident George W. Bush. The footage of that ceremony has been all over the news for the last few days, and I would encourage all of my colleagues to look at it if you haven’t. He was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2005 by President George W. Bush and the Otto Hahn Peace Medal for his work with the U.S. civil rights movement and the United Nations. Mr. Speaker, I have used enough time this evening. I will simply close. I cannot close like my friend, Congressman GREGMEEKS , did a moment ago. That was a masterpiece, and I cannot wait to see the video of his closing on another day. It was extraordinary. But I will conclude by saying that Muhammad Ali, the greatest of all time, was not only a champion in the boxing ring, but a champion of human rights and civil rights, who, during a difficult time in our Nation’s history, stood on principle to end racism and bigotry in this country. Muhammad Ali, we love you. May God bless you, and may God bless your family. To the fans of Muhammad Ali all across the world, I thank you for supporting this great American, and I thank you for allowing us to come into your homes and be a part of this tribute this evening. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ). Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH). Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank both of my colleagues for allowing me to come before this body to speak on behalf of the people of the city of Chicago, the people of the First Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, I must say that although Muhammad Ali was and is a native of Louisville—that is his birthplace—I must also claim that Chicago is his adoptive city. He spent many, many years in Chicago. He bought a home on South Kenwood Avenue in my district. Mr. Speaker, as a young man, a young civil rights activist myself, I can’t even express the pride that I had when I would travel down the street and point out to my young sons and anybody else who was with me that that is where Muhammad Ali lives. He was a man of the neighborhoods in Chicago. He touched many people—young people, old people, and people who didn’t necessarily share his same political or religious ideas, but he touched them anyhow. Mr. Speaker, Muhammad Ali was a man for all seasons. Yes, he achieved prominence in the boxing arena, in the sweet science of boxing, but he 
achieved greatness because of the life that he led both inside of boxing and outside of boxing. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday afternoons, many of us who had few heroes would gather around television sets and watch Muhammad Ali fight in the heavyweight division against other fighters and other boxers. One of his predictions came true when he defeated and knocked out his opposition in the time that he said he would, and there was a collective cheer that you could hear throughout the neighborhoods of Chicago. He meant something to me. He meant something to others. Muhammad Ali not only achieved, worked hard, and sacrificed for excellence, but he also inspired excellence in others. Muhammad Ali would walk down some of the main thoroughfares in Chicago: 47th Street, 79th Street, and Madison Avenue. He would walk down those streets, and the crowds would just gather around him and follow him. His beam in his eyes, the halo and the charisma that he had just made for an exciting time, a grand time for all of us. Mr. Speaker, Muhammad Ali not only was a great boxer, but he was indeed a man for all times. Look at his following not just in Louisville, not just on the south and west sides of Chicago, but all across the Nation, all across the world, foreign countries, African countries specifically. The same kind of enthusiasm that he inspired, the same kind of reverence that he inspired to the young men and young women in Chicago, you could see the same kind of inspiration ran up in the Congo, in Nigeria, in Zaire, and in other places all across the world. Mr. Speaker, when he retired, I remember as a freshman here in Congress when we had a session and we honored the 50 greatest athletes of the century. Here were some great athletes, but the one who I wanted to be with, the one who I was most excited about, the one who I wanted to be photographed with was only Muhammad Ali. Bart Starr, Kareem AbdulJabbar, and many, many others were here; but Muhammad Ali was here, and he kind of sucked the air out of the room. Later, Mr. Speaker, when I chaired the Annual Legislative Conference, for the dinner, the gala—I chaired the gala—I was so honored that he came to me to accept an award from the Congressional Black Caucus with his lovely wife, Lonnie; another great time, another great memory. But, Mr. Speaker, the greatest honor, the greatest moment of inspiration, my most profound memory of Muhammad Ali was when he refused to go to fight in the Vietnam war. I think, in my humble opinion, had he just been a great champion—we have had other great champions who are African American: Jack Johnson, Sugar Ray Robinson, and many others, many, many others who are great champions. But Muhammad Ali wasn’t just a boxer. He didn’t just inspire others to take up boxing. I was a political activist in the sixties, and Muhammad Ali spoke to the quintessential aspect of all my activism when he said: Hell no, I won’t go. Hell no, I won’t go. No Vietnamese have ever called me the N word. And he said it. I don’t want to say it on the floor, but he said it. b1845 Mr. Speaker, from that moment on, he solidified his appeal, his essence, his relationships; he solidified himself with all of the struggling people of the Nation, of the world. Let me just say this: I thought about Muhammad Ali when I heard of his death, and I thought of trying to recapture some of my memories of him—how he walked, his gait, how he talked. I remember his size. I remember the face that was also a beautiful face. He was proud of how he looked. But, Mr. Speaker, I guess what inspired me most about Muhammad Ali was how he did not surrender his faith, surrender his belief, surrender his core values to the U.S. Selective Service which drafted him. Mr. Speaker, I don’t remember the names of the men who were on that Selective Service committee. I don’t remember anything about them. They thought that they were destroying The People’s Champion, but they could not destroy The People’s Champion. He rose even above all of those people who were officially appointed to bring him down. Nobody could knock out Muhammad Ali, in a real sense. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for yielding, and I thank all of my friends. We are friends when we come to celebrate someone as potent and powerful and, certainly, symbolic. But we should really recognize that The Greatest, Muhammad Ali, who had many homes—many of us can claim having had the privilege of him walking through many of our streets—was a husband, father, grandfather, and son to all of his family members that loved him. Today I offer my deepest sympathy to his beautiful wife who worked so hard to create the Muhammad Ali Center, all of his children who gained his magnificent talents in many different forms and capacities, to be able to now not only suffer this loss, but mourn someone who probably in their life created such a space for so many years. I rise today to join in celebrating— for that is what I would like to do—The People’s Champion. He was truly the voice of a generation, advocating for the ending of inequality regarding African Americans, but as well, I believe he stood for opposing injustices all around the world. The threetime world heavyweight boxing champion helped define the turbulent times in which he reigned as the most charismatic and controversial sports figure of the 20th century. We all know that he was born Cassius Marcellus Clay, Jr. Over the past 30 years, he had his own boxing battle. I believe that time after time he knocked out Parkinson’s disease because he lived with it, he let others know that they could live with it, and he worked every day to support the advocacy groups who were trying to battle Parkinson’s. I am reminded of a gold medal at the 1960 Olympic Games in Rome and being crowned the World Heavyweight Champion so many times. As I had watched him over these past years, the admiration and affection and respect grew much more looking at him as the iconic figure, the real spirit of cando, the best of America, a man whose faith was very special to him, so much so that he was a conscience objective which was not understood. That Selective Service committee was right in Houston, Texas. He walked those streets, his case was tried there, and victory came because he refused to yield on his principles. As one of his noteworthy opponents, Floyd Patterson, told author David Remnick some years ago: ‘‘I came to see that I was a fighter and he was history.’’ Ali traded banter with United States presidents and world leaders alike, verbally sparring with musical greats— The Beatles—and shaking hands with Mother Teresa. His greatest triumph lies in his legacy as a champion, leader, social activist, and humanitarian, but also a mentor by distance of so many boys and girls, particularly our young men. In my own hometown, a young boxer by the name of Eric Carr, first met him with one of our great sports figures, Lloyd Wells, down at the Hyatt Regency. He said that when the champ met him, the champ treated him like a longtime friend. He played around with him, maybe boxed with him. I may be adding something to it. But Eric Carr, as the day went on—it was in the boxing beginnings of his life—told him he wanted to be a champ just like him. Eric Carr went on to win boxing championships, but he will always remember how real Muhammad Ali was. Let me say that as he fought for the future, he envisioned that we all would enjoy. I love to hear the bantering because it was wisdom of a philosopher. His greatest triumph, as I indicated, was a humanitarian. At the apex of his career, lauded for his unparalleled physique and mesmerizing moves—I wish I could do a few of those right now—but he is more than a sum total of his athletic gifts. His agile mind, buoyant personality, brash selfconfidence, wouldn’t you love him? I often remember some of those words that he said: 
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. His hands can’t hit what his eyes can’t see. 
Now you see, now you don’t. George thinks he will, but I know he won’t. Don’t count the days; make the days count. I’m young; I’m handsome; I’m fast. I can’t possibly be beat. 
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on Earth. 
And so his inspiration continues. I would often say that as he lived his life, we took joy. As I close, Mr. Speaker, let me offer you these words, and let me thank him for the life that he has lived. Let me borrow from Shakespeare and say of Muhammad Ali: 
He was a man. Take him for all in all. We shall not look upon his like again. 
May The Greatest rest in peace. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding to me. I still see that ‘‘float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.’’ Muhammad Ali, again, rest in peace. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of boxing legend and social activist Mr. Muhammad Ali, whose words floated like a butterfly and punches stung like a bee, who died Friday at the age of 74. The people’s champion, was truly the voice of a generation, advocating for the African Americans battling racial inequality. The threetime world heavyweight boxing champion helped define the turbulent times in which he reigned as the most charismatic and controversial sports figure of the 20th century. The man who would come to be known as the ‘‘Greatest of All Time,’’ was born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. on Jan. 17, 1942 in Louisville, Kentucky. Despite baffling Parkinson’s disease for 30 years Muhammad Ali would live a full and consequential life, winning the Gold Medal at the 1960 Olympic Games in Rome and being crowned the world Heavyweight champion an unsurpassed three times. As one of his noteworthy opponents, Floyd Patterson, told author David Remnick some years ago, ‘‘I came to see that I was a fighter, while he was history.’’ Ali traded banter with United States presidents and world leaders alike, verbally sparring with musical greats the Beatles, shaking hands with Mother Teresa. His greatest triumph lies in his legacy as a champion, leader, social activist and humanitarian. At the apex of his career, lauded for his unparalleled physique and mesmerizing moves. He carried into the ring a physically lyrical, unorthodox boxing style fusing speed, agility and power more seamlessly than any boxer before him or since. But, he was more than the sum total of his athletic gifts; he was a man of uncompromising principles. His agile mind, buoyant personality, brash selfconfidence and evolving set of personal convictions fostered a magnetism that the ring alone could not contain. A masterful entertainer, Ali captivated audiences as much with his mouth as with his fists, narrating his life with a patter of inventive doggerel. He was targeted by his country when, in 1966, he exercised his First Amendment right voicing political dissension and concern for humanitarian observation. Ali was a purposeful fighter, and even more so, a principled human being, once reminding us all that he would, ‘‘Fight for the prestige, not for [himself], but to uplift [his] little brothers who are sleeping on concrete floors today in America . . . living on welfare, . . . who can’t eat, . . . who don’t [have] knowledge of themselves, . . . [and cannot see a] future.’’ Ali fought for the future he envisioned and that we all enjoy today. As a conscientious objector to the Vietnam War, he refused to be inducted into drafting leading him to be banned from the sport he loved at the height of his career. His inspiring courage and antiwar stance helped spearhead the growing antiwar movement of the 1960s. The press called him the Louisville Lip. He called himself the Greatest. Ali was the most important politicalcultural figure to survive the deadly tumult of the 1960s and flourish during the 1970s. Ali reawakened the American consciousness stating, ‘‘Champions are made from something they have deep inside them—a desire, a dream, a vision.’’ He eventually retired for good in 1981 and after being diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease in 1984 as the only fighter to be heavyweight champion three times. In 2005 Muhammad Ali was presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George W. Bush. Ali received the President’s Award from the NAACP soon after Obama’s inauguration in 2009. In 1996, he was trembling and nearly mute as he lit the Olympic caldron in Atlanta, but his smile induced a thunderous roar in what was one of the most celebrated Olympics moments ever. His postboxing humanitarian endeavors include putting his name to many initiatives for peace and humanitarian aid as well as anonymous donations of millions of dollars to a variety of individuals and organizations surpassing race and class barriers. Despite battling with Parkinson’s disease for three decades, he has inspired millions of people. His work as a humanitarian has been immortalized in the Muhammad Ali Centre. Explaining his resolve later in life, Ali said that, ‘‘All my life, growing up as a little boy, I always said that if I got famous I’d do things for my people that other people wouldn’t do.’’ ‘‘I am an ordinary man who worked hard to develop the talent I was given,’’ he said. He was truly a legend—a statesman of the people. Muhammad Ali was a product of America but a citizen of the world, at first hated and misunderstood but eventually beloved for the way he carried himself in dignified decline. He will remain one of the most wellknown and respected sports figures of all time—may his legacy be revered. In closing, Mr. Speaker, let me borrow from Shakespeare and say of the Muhammad Ali: ‘‘He was a man. Take him for all in all. We shall not look upon his like again.’’ May the ‘‘The Greatest’’ rest in peace. 
THESAYINGS OF MUHAMMAD ALI—THE GREATEST OF ALLTIME Muhammad Ali, considered to be the greatest heavyweight boxer, died June 3, 2016 in a Phoenixarea hospital. He was 74 years old. Here is a list of some of his best quotes (in no particular order): 1. ‘‘Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. His hands can’t hit what his eyes can’t see. Now you see me, now you don’t. George thinks he will, but I know he won’t.’’ 2. ‘‘Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.’’ 3. ‘‘I’m young; I’m handsome; I’m fast. I can’t possibly be beat.’’ 4. ‘‘Don’t count the days; make the days count.’’ 5. ‘‘If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it—then I can achieve it.’’ Jesse Jackson said this as early as 1983, according to the Associated Press, and Ali used it in his 2004 book. 6. ‘‘It’s hard to be humble when you’re as great as I am.’’ 7. ‘‘It isn’t the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it’s the pebble in your shoe.’’ 8. ‘‘If you even dream of beating me you’d better wake up and apologize.’’ 9. ‘‘Braggin’ is when a person says something and can’t do it. I do what I say.’’ 10. ‘‘I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was.’’ 11. ‘‘Only a man who knows what it is like to be defeated can reach down to the bottom of his soul and come up with the extra ounce of power it takes to win when the match is even.’’ 12. ‘‘I’m so mean, I make medicine sick.’’ 13. ‘‘I should be a postage stamp. That’s the only way I’ll ever get licked.’’ 14.‘‘Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the world they’ve been given than to explore the power they have to change it. Impossible is not a fact. It’s an opinion. Impossible is not a declaration. It’s a dare. Impossible is potential. Impossible is temporary. Impossible is nothing.’’ 15. ‘‘He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.’’ 16. ‘‘A man who views the world the same at 50 as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life.’’ 17. ‘‘If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you.’’ 18. ‘‘I shook up the world. Me! Whee!’’ 19. ‘‘I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.’’’ 20. ‘‘At home I am a nice guy: but I don’t want the world to know. Humble people, I’ve found, don’t get very far.’’ 21. ‘‘A man who has no imagination has no wings.’’ 22. ‘‘He’s (Sonny Liston) too ugly to be the world champ. The world champ should be pretty like me!’’ 23. ‘‘I am the astronaut of boxing. Joe Louis and Dempsey were just jet pilots. I’m in a world of my own.’’ 24. ‘‘I’ve wrestled with alligators. I’ve tussled with a whale. I done handcuffed lightning. And throw thunder in jail.’’ 25. ‘‘Hating people because of their color is wrong. And it doesn’t matter which color does the hating. It’s just plain wrong.’’ 26. ‘‘It’s not bragging if you can back it up.’’ 27. ‘‘I’m the most recognized and loved man that ever lived cuz there weren’t no satellites when Jesus and Moses were around, so people far away in the villages didn’t know about them.’’ 28. ‘‘It’s just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.’’ 29. ‘‘I’m not the greatest, I’m the double greatest.’’ 30. ‘‘Live everyday as if it were your last because someday you’re going to be right.’’ Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. I yield once again to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ). 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, there is so much that has been said appropriately about Muhammad Ali that people in this era might not realize that when he was fighting, all of America really looked forward to his fights and watched them. The eyes of the Nation were glued to the television to see him fight and to see afterwards Howard Cosell speaking the sports talk to him and reviewing those fights. He was a lot about Louisville. There is a street in Louisville named after him, Muhammad Ali Boulevard, and the Muhammad Ali Center. Nobody carries on and will carry on Muhammad Ali’s love of Louisville more than you, Mr. YARMUTH . I appreciate you having this hour. He was to Louisville in such a great way, and he was a great man to America. I thank you for putting this hour together. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ). Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. YARMUTH for hosting this hour. Muhammad Ali was a good friend. He was someone that I had known that I had worked on some projects with. But more than that, my husband was one of those athletes. My husband was then the linebacker for the Cleveland Browns when Bill Russell and my husband, Sidney Williams, and Jim Brown all got together to support Muhammad Ali when, of course, he was not allowed to be a conscientious objector and was threatened with prison. I got to know him sometime after that. We used his home for a very special event. I got to know his former wife, Veronica, and his children. One of his children worked in one of my programs. This comes at a very difficult time for all of us. I loved him because he had courage. He had the courage to give up his career, had the courage to threaten to be imprisoned, and had the courage to fight. The Nation of Islam stood with him, and these athletes all stood with him. He was a great man. When he said he was The Greatest, he really was, because he was an unusual extraordinaire. I will be at the funeral on Friday. I will be there with the family and the rest of the athletes that are still living that are going to be there to honor him. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. I yield again to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for a quick comment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Mr. YARMUTH and say that I couldn’t leave the mic without acknowledging that George Foreman is in Houston, and Evander Holyfield, only to say that the people that he fought became his dear friends. I know they would want me to say that. Thank you so very much for allowing us to pay tribute to The Greatest. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, as we wrap up this tribute to the life of Muhammad Ali, I just want to express what I know all of my colleagues would feel, and that is our outpouring of love and support for Lonnie, his wife of 25 years, his many children, and his extended family. Lonnie’s love and dedication inspired and energized Ali, even when his body was failing him. I know that the hearts of this body as well as the world go out to her and the rest of Muhammad Ali’s family. May he rest in peace. I thank him on behalf of everyone for his great contributions to humanity. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of a man who was a threetime heavyweight champion of the world, a victor at the Supreme Court of the United States, and one of the most remarkable men of the 20th Century—a man who truly earned his title: The Greatest. Muhammad Ali was born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. in Louisville, Kentucky on January, 17, 1942. By age 18, he was the Light Heavyweight Gold Medalist at the 1960 Olympics. In 1964, he won the heavyweight world title. He would go on to hold that title—offandon—for another 15 years. But Muhammad Ali was not merely one of the greatest fighters in history—he was also a champion of justice in a country struggling to find its way. Like Detroit’s own great champion, Joe Louis, he was a lightning rod for controversy. His success angered those who disagreed with the simple principle that a person’s worth was never lessened by the color of their skin. He showed courage when he stood up for civil rights at a time when it was dangerous to do so. He never backed down, never allowed his voice to be silenced because of his faith or his race. He was an example for countless men, women, and children who needed one. Beyond his work in the ring and as part of the civil rights movement, Muhammad Ali was also an advocate for peace. He grew into his faith in a way that shows that Islam is a religion of peace and America is a place of tolerance when—at great personal cost—he spoke out against the Vietnam War. As a conscientious objector, he was stripped of his title and unable to fight for three years during his prime. Convicted of refusing to report for military service, he appealed to the United States Supreme Court, where he won a unanimous (8– 0) opinion reversing his conviction. A champion boxer, a champion for civil rights, and a champion of peace—it is not possible to overstate Muhammad Ali’s achievements. He was quite simply, The Greatest. We will mourn his memory going forward, and we will remember him for his work. Most of all, we will continue to draw strength and inspiration from a man who knew the true meaning of being a Champion. 
STOP THE FRANK The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I am slow to come to the floor because you can’t compete with a Muhammad Ali commemorative Special Order. That is too much passion to follow. I just have little old legislative business on my mind. I am not talking about changing the world. I am just talking about changing our little part of the world. I don’t know if you remember, Mr. Speaker, when you first got here, you had to go downstairs and sign your name so that we could use that instead of a postage stamp on every piece of mail that you sent out the door. It is called the franking privilege. I have a bill—it is H.R. 1873—that TAMMY DUCKWORTH and I introduced together to abolish that franking privilege. It is not going to take a lot to get that done. It is something that is within the complete control of us here in this institution, but it has been a challenge that is hundreds of years in the making. I put mine on here, Mr. Speaker. This is my signature there on the front of every envelope I send out. If you want to know how to forge a check in my name, all you need to do is look at any envelope I send out the door. Back in the day, had we been here in 1817, it might have been hard to find a postage stamp. In the name of getting congressional business done, the law of the land, carried over from England, was that you could sign your name on all of your government documents in order to get that important government business done. You couldn’t just walk down to the local grocery store and buy stamps. You had to have a mechanism for getting your constitutional responsibilities accomplished. b1900 We do that still here today. In these cynical times, Mr. Speaker, I would tell you that I hear most often from folks that they think one of two things is going on with the franking privilege: one, that we are involved in some sort of incumbent protection plan—selfpromotion here in this institution, self glorification—by sending our names out on the front of all of the mail that goes out the door. If not that, I hear the second criticism, which is, ROB, why do Members of Congress get free mail? The Postal Service is in dire straits—free mail for all Members of Congress. It is not free mail. For every letter that goes out the door that reads ‘‘ROB WOODALL ’’ up at the top, I get a bill. I get a bill from the United States Postal Service for what a stamp would have cost had I put it on that letter. For every piece of mail that goes out the door with ‘‘ROBWOODALL ’’ written up at the top, I get a bill from the Postal Service for whatever the bulk rate would have been for the large amounts of mail that I send out the door. It is not free mail for Members of Congress. I want to dispel that myth. 
I get all of the emails that I know so many of my colleagues do, which read: ‘‘Go and serve one term in Congress, and get your pension for life.’’ Nonsense. Not true. I do get the emails that come in and that talk about the special health care privileges that Congress has and that nobody else can have access to. Come on down, and join the ObamaCare exchange. You can have the same health care privileges that I have. Of all of the myths that go on out there, the myth of free mail continues still today. It is not free mail. We just don’t put a stamp on it. Why don’t we end this confusion once and for all? I would like to tell you that this was my brilliant idea—a small idea but my brilliant idea. Not true. We, actually, went down this road in the 1800s. I hold here—Mr. Speaker, you can’t read it— an article from The New York Times on March 3, 1875. It reads: 
By a vote of 113–65, the House has concurred in the Senate amendment to the postal appropriations bill partially restoring the franking privilege. The precise extent of this restoration is an allowance of free transmission through the mail on a Congressional frank of the Congressional Record, agricultural reports and seeds, and all public documents now printed or authorized to be printed. 
The New York Times, as it is still known for today, goes on to editorialize just a bit: 
So far, as our observation goes, there has never been any demand for the restoration of the franking nuisance except on the part of Congressmen. The new men, especially, long for a taste of the sweets of privilege. 
Understand that we have a special section in the United States Code that deals with how mail gets out the door, because it is very difficult. We have only been doing it for a couple of hundred years. It requires some special attention from the United States Code, so we have a special section of the Code that allows officers of the Government of the United States, of the Smithsonian Institution, of the PanAmerican Union, of the PanAmerican Sanitary Bureau, and of the United States Employment Service some special dispensation so they can get mail out the door. But was that good enough for Congress? The answer is ‘‘no.’’ Congress has yet another special exception beyond the special exception, as is highlighted in section A, ‘‘officers of the Government of the United States other than Members of Congress,’’ because what we have is our special signature program. Mr. Speaker, we have got big things we have got to solve in this country— big things we have got to solve. You can’t solve those big things when folks believe that you are not telling them the truth about the little things. You have got to build trust with one another. You have got to build trust with one another not just here in this institution but with our constituencies back home; but when people see what they think is free mail that is going out the door, it undermines that trust. I refer now to the House Manual, Mr. Speaker: 
Postal expenses incurred only when the frank is insufficient, such as certified, registered, insured, express, foreign mail, and stamped, selfaddressed envelopes related to the recovery of official items, are reimbursable. Postage may not be used in lieu of the frank. 
I got to Capitol Hill, Mr. Speaker, and I thought: Do you know what? I know what it is like not to be on Capitol Hill. I am going to go get a bulk mail permit. They said, No, ROB. You can’t get a bulk mail permit to send out mail on Capitol Hill. I said, Most of what I do isn’t bulk mail. I will go buy stamps to send that out. They said, No, ROB. You can’t buy stamps to send out mail. You have to sign your card. You have to put your signature on it. We have to have a special congressional mail privilege for you. TAMMY DUCKWORTH and I—one Republican, one Democrat—say we can do better than that. It is an election year. Do you know what happens in an election year? The law of the land is: you can’t send out mail anymore. If I have a town hall meeting that is going on next week, I couldn’t have sent out an invitation last month to have invited you to come meet your Congressman. I couldn’t have sent out a newsletter last month to have told you what we were doing with the National Defense Authorization Act. I couldn’t have sent out a newsletter last month to have told you about an employment and jobs fair program that was going on, because the law of the land so recognizes this privilege as something that incumbents use to boost their election prospects that it is banned in the 90 days before any election. So I ask you: If this practice is so offensive that we ban it within 90 days before any election, why don’t we just do away with it altogether? If it is so offensive that it must be banned for 180 days out of the year, why don’t we do away with it for the other 180 days, too? I don’t need my name on the front of every letter that goes out the door, and I don’t need someone to protect me from the challenges of buying stamps; but I have rules in place that prevent postage from being used in lieu of the frank. I serve on the Budget Committee, Mr. Speaker. I want to balance the Federal budget. We are not going to do it with this bill. I am the lead sponsor of the FairTax. It is the most fundamental reconstruction of our Tax Code that has happened since the income tax came into being in the early 1900s. It is the most prominently cosponsored piece of fundamental tax reform legislation in this body. Those are serious pieces of legislation. This is something minor— this is around the edges—but the National Taxpayers Union has seen fit to say that repealing the socalled ‘‘franking privilege’’ is a simple reform to introduce payasyougo budgeting. It is absolutely right. Public Citizen hardly supports the WoodallDuckworth legislation to rein in the abuse of taxpayer funded franked mail. I want to do the big things together, and I want to do the things that matter together. When silly things like this undermine the sacred trust that we have with our constituents, they need to go. Our colleagues who served in this body in the 1870s knew it. They abolished it, but they just couldn’t let it go, and they brought it back. Even The New York Times asked: Where was the outcry for free congressional mail? Why was it brought back yet again? I tried to get this done on my own. I say to my colleagues that I didn’t want to waste your time in this way. I tried 
to go to the Chief Administrative Office to see if I could just get an exception so I didn’t have to send out this mail. I tried to go through the House Administration Committee to see if there was some sort of dispensation so that I could opt out of this system. I tried to go through the Office of the Speaker to see if my MRA could be spent in a different way so I didn’t have to perpetuate this. Again, it is a practice that is, apparently, so hideous it is outlawed for 180 days out of the year; but I couldn’t get any of those things done. Now it has come down to us to pass that simple line of code. It is a bipartisan bill—ROB WOODALL , T AMMY  DUCKWORTH , a host of other cosponsors. I invite you to join me to abolish the franking privilege. You are welcome to use our hashtag of ‘‘Stop the Frank’’ any time you feel like you can move that forward. We are not going to reestablish trust overnight, but with one little accountability action at a time, we can do it. Let’s do this little one today. Let’s show up again and do another one and tomorrow and do another one and the next day and do another one and the next day and do another one. Then we are going to wake up a year from now or a month from now or a week from now, and we are going to find out that we have really made a difference together. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), my friend from the Rules Committee. 
Ms. FOXX. I thank my colleague from Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I frequently hear from employers who are struggling to find employees with the right experience and technical skills to meet workforce needs. The passage of the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act was an important step for the millions of Americans who are looking for work and for the employers who have 5 millionplus job opportunities that remain unfilled due to the skills gap. However, great jobs are still going unfilled. Americans are still missing out on rewarding careers, and many businesses are still suffering. For example, in the AED Foundation’s 2016 Workforce Survey Report, more than 50 percent of equipment distributors indicated that the skills gap hindered company growth and increased costs and inefficiencies while nearly 75 percent said the lack of skilled technicians made it difficult to meet customer demand. It is imperative that the Department of Labor finalizes regulations for WIOA and that Congress strengthens the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act. I appreciate very much my friend from Georgia and my colleague on the Rules Committee for yielding to me in order to discuss this important issue to so many of us. Mr. WOODALL. If my colleagues don’t know, one is used to seeing the gentlewoman from North Carolina leading on the Education and the Workforce Committee. All day today, she has been leading on the Rules Committee—chairing those actions that are going on up there. I hoped she was here to file a rule to tell us that that process had been moved right along, but we will have to wait for that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
b1915 FLOODING IN THE STATE OF TEXAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the subject of my Special Order. That subject, Mr. Speaker, will be flooding in the State of Texas. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I and a good many of my colleagues will speak tonight about circumstances that are occurring in Texas more often than we would care to see. In a sense, Mr. Speaker, this is a continuation of a mission of mercy that we embarked upon earlier this year when we were having flooding in Houston, Texas. These floods that we are having across the length and breadth of our State are causing great property damage, and that is worthy of a lot of consideration and it is worthy of being addressed on the floor of the House of Representatives. But we also have a good many lives that have been lost across the length and breadth of our State, and these, of course, are of paramount importance to us. So while we may make some references to the property damages and there will be some things said about possible solutions, I believe that we will say a good deal about the lives that have been lost. At this time, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas’ 27th Congressional District (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) to give his comments. Mr. FARENTHOLD has experienced some flooding, and I am honored to have him appear and tell us about what is happening to his constituents in the 27th Congressional District. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and a privilege to be here. A little over a year ago, there were some horrible floods just outside the district I represent in Wimberley, Texas, that took the lives of several constituents vacationing there in Corpus Christi, Texas. In fact, some of the bodies of the young children who perished in that horrible flood have yet to be recovered. My family’s prayers and the prayers of the Nation go to those grieving families and the survivors and for the repose of the souls of those who passed. There has been a lot of flooding in Texas over the past year or so, just as recently as last week. I represent Wharton, Texas. The river in Wharton rose just as it had gotten repairs from the previous flood a few months earlier. All the Sheetrock was newly installed and ready to go; and sure enough, another flood comes and the damage to the property continues. Unfortunately, the floods of last week and the previous weeks did not result in loss of life in the district that I represent. Thank the Lord for that. I tell you, in the past 14 months, another county I represent, Bastrop, has experienced the worst flooding it has seen in 35 years. It is currently dealing with $2.5 million in damaged infrastructure, and 20 roads still remain closed today. Of the 100plus homes damaged in the past 14 months, more than half were determined to be unlivable, and four families still remain in temporary housing. Earlier, in Wharton County, more than 1,000 people were evacuated and 150 homes flooded. It has really been tough. I was driving through and visited with the emergency management folks in Wharton. You look at the fields of green. I posted on Instagram the picture of a milo field. It said, ‘‘Amber waves of flooded grain.’’ Cotton fields are under water as well. In addition to the property damage, I think our farmers in Texas may suffer from an overabundance of water. As I grew up in a farming family, our complaint was it either rained too much, too little, or at the wrong time. I will tell you that these floods have just been horrible in Texas. I do want to thank the folks from FEMA, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, for their quick response. What it has told us is that we are taking way too much time for projects to stem the flooding, levees and the like, to get approved by the Army Corps of Engineers and the other Federal agencies. The funding for it is difficult to come by. We end up spending all this money with FEMA. If some of that money were redirected to preventive maintenance or preventing these floods, we might save lives and certainly save property as well. I think it is something that this Congress should look at: preventing problems rather than just reacting to them. I also want to commend the first responders and the emergency management personnel throughout Texas who have done so much. I also want to offer my thoughts and prayers to those brave servicemen who perished in Texas in the training exercises as well. 
It has been a tough few months here back in Texas. But you know what? We are Texans, and we will survive. We will mourn those we have lost, and we will rebuild, and we will continue to reflect that which is the greatest of the American spirit: perseverance through adversity. I thank Mr. ALGREEN for the opportunity to speak. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) for the unity that is engendered by his being here tonight. It is important for people to know that this is not a time for Democrats or a time for Republicans. This is a time for Texans to come together and to talk about some of the concerns that we have and to remember those who have lost their lives in these floods. At this time, I am honored to yield to a neighbor who is from the 22nd Congressional District of Texas. He is south of me. Of course, I speak of the Honorable PETEOLSON . We are honored to have him with us tonight, and we welcome your commentary about some of the concerns in your district and, indeed, across the State. I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ). Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and neighbor to the east, Mr. AL GREEN , for holding this very Special Order about floods we have had in Texas. It has been a rough year in Texas’ 22nd Congressional District. Last Memorial Day, we had the 100year flood and lost one life, one who drove into a flooded small creek and died in their vehicle. Tax day 2016, there was lots of street flooding. I had to move my pickup truck off my street before it was taken over by the water. The worst came 2 weeks ago, the 500 year flood. The Brazos River came out of its banks like never before. That river cuts through the heart of my district. It first hit Simonton, a small town in the northwest part of Fort Bend County. They had a mandatory evacuation on May 29. Every home, except for 12, left. Almost all the homes have been flooded. Next, was Richmond and Rosenberg. Two days after Simonton, they, too, had mandatory evacuations and had homes north of the railroad track flooded. Next came my hometown of Sugar Land. We had to cancel our Memorial Day celebration because our park was flooded. Next came Missouri City, Sienna Plantation, floods there. It crossed over Brazoria County and went down to Rosharon, and that place was flooded out as well. Luckily, God willing, we lost no lives these past couple of weeks. I saw the greatest in Texans this past week. I put 500 miles on my pickup truck in 8 days. At our Fort Bend emergency command operations center, people from all over the region had taken pizza, ChickfilA, coffee, Shipley DoNuts, kolaches, making sure these people who were working 24/7 are fed. I saw an oldfashioned cattle drive. Sheriff Troy Nehls led other sheriffs on a cattle drive, moving some cattle down flooded 90, away from the threat of floods. But the best, my friend, was 2 days ago. My wife, Nancy, and I drove over the river and went down to Rosenberg, Texas, to be with B.F. Terry High School. There was a recovery center giving out goods to people in need. This effort was started by what is called The Church, Second Mile Ministry, and Lamar Consolidated Independent School District, who opened up B.F. Terry High School. Every single day they said, ‘‘We need more rooms. We have to have more space,’’ and they got it. Nancy and I were assigned to stuffing small bags with one roll of toilet paper, a toothbrush, some toothpaste, some shampoo, some soap, and a razor. We were supervised by three young ladies: Rachel, Isabella, and Layla. They were a true team of Texans, my friend. I called Rachel ‘‘the skipper’’ because, man, she was in charge. I called Isabella ‘‘the executive officer’’ because she was number two in making sure everything worked well. And Layla was ‘‘the weapons officer.’’ Don’t mess with Layla. I failed my inspection the first two times. I could not get the bag closed. They got on my back and made sure that I closed that bag so people could have all they needed in times of crisis. That is what makes Texas so great, my friend: not waiting for D.C., but neighbors helping neighbors in need. Those ladies know what the Bible says: love thy neighbor more than thyself. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for not only what he has said tonight, but for what he has been doing in his district to help persons in times of need. It is greatly appreciated by his constituents, and I greatly appreciate you coming to the floor tonight to let people know that we in Texas are standing together, and we are going to work together and we will get through this, but it won’t hurt if we can get a little bit of help. I am honored to have another colleague, who has a district that is in Houston. Of course, he has been in Congress for many years, and I consider him a very dear friend, the Honorable GENE GREEN , from the 29th Congressional District in Houston, Texas. I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ). Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and namesake from Houston, Congressman ALGREEN . I appreciate his effort, both on the legislation that we are cosponsors of, but also setting up these Special Orders. It is great to have bipartisan support. As we found out in Houston, it doesn’t matter if you are a Democrat or a Republican. If your house gets flooded, your cars get flooded, in some cases, the lives of your family and your neighbors are in jeopardy, as Texans, we work together. I have watched this over the years because we have had some terrible floods over the years, whether it be Tropical Storm Allison in 2001, Hurricane Ike in 2008, or what we are seeing now in May of 2015, which we called the Memorial Day flooding that was devastating and included more than 11 inches of rain and $3 billion in damage. But in April of 2016, this year, Houston and areas experienced what we call the devastating tax day flooding on April 18 that claimed lives and caused hundreds of millions of dollars in damage. In the last 3 weeks, just before Memorial Day, we also have seen historic rainfalls and subsequent flooding. The rain in the Houston area has ceased, but downstream in Brazoria County is my colleague from Fort Bend, just southwest of Houston, the flooding has continued. An estimated 200,000 residents, nearly twothirds of the population of Brazoria County, have been affected by the flooding. Once again, I stand before this body while southeast Texas is under water. Once again, I stand with my Houston colleagues and ask the House of Representatives to give our constituents the resources we need to protect lives and property in the future. I have worked with my colleague, AL GREEN , on H.R. 5025, to appropriate $311 million to complete our bayou system. These projects are not imaginary. They are ideas that would help, and these projects during the process would save lives. These are projects that the Corps of Engineers have said that they have approved. We just don’t have the money to complete them. In the Houston area, we have a number of bayou systems that actually start in Congressman OLSON ’s, Congressman ALGREEN ’s, Congressman CULBERSON ’s, and Congressman MCCAUL’s districts. But it runs through my area because I have the eastern side of Harris County, where Buffalo Bayou and the Houston Ship Channel are located. We are downstream from those, and we see that flooding ourselves. I ask the House to bring our bill to the floor and to help mitigate the suffering of these thousands of Texans. Earlier this month, our office received early notification that the United States is entering hurricane season as of June 1. Once again, the problem could be expanded. Like I said earlier, in 2001, Tropical Storm Allison hit the Texas Gulf Coast and devastated my area of east and north Houston. In 2008, Hurricane Ike caused citywide flooding and hundreds of millions of dollars in damage. Again, it came over our district in east Harris County. Now we face another hurricane season with the possibility of extended damage and no protection for our vulnerable citizens. Houstonians continue 
to suffer the effects of Mother Nature, and we have the ability to help them. The President has declared Houston a disaster area a number of times. Again, with hurricane season upon us, we would like to see that Congress responds and acts on H.R. 5025 as the best option now. b1930 Again, these are flood control projects that have been approved. We just don’t have the money. Of course, in Houston, Harris County, we have a flood control district that we pay our property tax to. They have to come up with a match for the Federal funding, so it is not all Federal funding taking care of our problems. It is actually local folks also paying up to be able to keep our houses and homes from flooding and our families and neighbors from drowning. Again, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 5025. I want to thank my colleague, ALGREEN , for his leadership on this. We will continue to ask our colleagues to help even through this hurricane season. It doesn’t end until typically the end of October. Again, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I thank my colleague for coming to the floor. I know a good many of his constituents—he and I are often in each other’s districts. I know that they are exceedingly pleased that he has taken up this cause. My hope is that he and I will continue with this mission of mercy, if you will, such that we will bring to fruition some solutions for the problems that we encounter not only in Houston, but also across the length and breadth of our State. I am honored to yield, Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman from the 20th Congressional District of Texas (Mr. CASTRO), who is in Congress not as a neophyte. I believe he has been here now into his second term. He has done an outstanding job since he arrived in Congress. We are honored to hear from him about some of his concerns and his constituents. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman GREEN for yielding me this time and for organizing tonight’s discussion on the devastation our State has seen in recent weeks and months. I know that his city of Houston has experienced truly horrific flooding and destruction, and I offer my condolences to him and to the entire Houston community. These storms have been severe and deadly. We all mourn the loss of nine soldiers training at Fort Hood whose lives were taken way too soon in floodwaters last week. Six other people across Texas have also died as a result of the storms as well. My prayers are with the families and loved ones of all those whose lives were claimed by this terrible flooding. Some of the most destructive weather that my hometown, San Antonio, experienced was back in April when three hailstorms struck our city. The Insurance Council of Texas estimates that those storms caused more than $2 billion in damage, and the Council projects $1.93 billion in losses from auto and homeowner claims. It is not unusual for San Antonio to get a foot of rain by early June each year, but rainfall totals are already double that amount so far in 2016. All of this precipitation is a major economic hit to our city, and it poses a real threat to people’s wellbeing. I urge folks in San Antonio and across Texas to educate themselves on storm and flood safety. I also encourage Texans who have questions about what help the Federal Government can provide during this trying time to reach out to their Members of Congress. You see a number of us here on the House floor tonight drawing attention to this issue, specifically the issue of flooding in Texas. We are deeply concerned, and we are here to offer any assistance that we can. I would also say to Congressman GREEN that in addition to what has been the tragic loss of life and the obvious property destruction wrought by these floods, there is also an untold cost in the flooding. I grew up in a few neighborhoods in San Antonio where we didn’t have sidewalks, for example. Often in lower income areas or even in middleincome areas, older parts of the city that don’t have sidewalks and don’t have the proper infrastructure to deal with even midlevel flooding. People’s basements or garages will flood, ruining a lot of property. These are folks who oftentimes are renters or don’t have insurance, and so there is really no recourse for them. They end up just paying the price. It really speaks to the importance of the work that we do, the States do, and the local governments do in making sure that infrastructure is properly built, that it is built across cities and counties, and that flooding is prevented everywhere it can be. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I greatly appreciate the gentleman sharing time with us on the floor tonight. He has spoken very eloquently about some of the concerns that go beyond the visible property damages. Ostensibly things happen, but there are some other things that are happening that we don’t always uncover. When these things happen to poor people, the damages can exceed far more than the eye can see. I am grateful that he has called some of these things to our attention. Thank you very much. At this time, I am going to call upon another colleague. All of these are dear friends. These are persons who have come to the floor tonight, quite frankly, not in a bipartisan effort, but more in a nonpartisan effort. There is no partisanship associated with what we do. We work together on these issues. I am honored to yield to the gentleman from the 14th Congressional District, the Honorable RANDY WEBER . He is one of my neighbors as well. I welcome you, and I yield to him, my dear friend. Mr. WEBER of Texas. I thank my good friend, Congressman GREEN from Houston, for yielding to me. I appreciate that. He is the consummate gentleman. I appreciate him lining this up and helping us to draw attention to it. Mr. Speaker, all the recent rains in Texas have devastated parts of up to 31 counties in our beloved State. Governor Greg Abbott has declared them a disaster area. I happen to represent the lower half of Brazoria County, from the south side of Alvin going south, and it has been the recipient of a lot of flooding. On Monday, I toured the Emergency Management Office Command Center in Angleton, Texas, which is the county seat for Brazoria County. I was privileged to meet with County Judge Matt Sebesta and others as I was introduced to the Brazoria County first responders working night and day to take care of our citizens, our citizens’ animals and their livestock, and their property as much as we could. I was also privileged, Mr. Speaker, to go up in a Texas DPS helicopter with two of our great Department of Public Safety pilots. Wow. What devastation, Congressman GREEN , in Brazoria County. I have pictures on my iPhone. I mean, it is just unbelievable the flooded areas. The devastation and destruction is astounding. Waters from the Brazos River, the San Bernard, and other creeks and bayous are out of their banks and wreaking havoc in our area. Mr. Speaker, I want my constituents to know that our office is already on the ground in the area, already working to ensure that FEMA is in gear, and that our constituents are taken care of. I would like to give a shout out to my great staff, Ms. Dodie Armstrong, Ms. Carmen Galvan, and Jed Webb, who have been on the ground there at the Emergency Management Center monitoring this almost night and day and interfacing with the county to provide them any assistance needed. We have assured Brazoria County that anything we can do, as my good friend JOAQUIN CASTRO was saying, from our end to assist, we would be glad to do that. Let me just add that we, too, mourn the loss of the Fort Hood soldiers. Our thoughts and prayers go out to them and their families. Mr. Speaker, we will bounce back from this. Our great Brazoria County first responders are on top of the situation, and our great Brazoria County folks are resilient. I have to say that about Congressman GREEN ’s Houston constituents as well, our Texas people. I have lived on the Gulf Coast of Texas almost 63 years. In fact, it will be 63 years this July 2nd coming up. I have seen nothing quite of this magnitude in flooding in our area, but I have seen a lot of hurricanes, a lot of disasters. Texans are a resilient people. 
They are going to need our help. They are going to need our prayers. They are going to need some time to heal and get back to business as usual. I want to say, again, thank you to my good friend, ALGREEN from Houston, for setting this up in a very bipartisan way. We just appreciate that. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Honorable RANDY  WEBER . I especially thank him for signing on early to the legislation that Congressman GENEGREEN called to our attention. I appreciate it greatly. We look forward to working with the gentleman. I thank him for the outstanding effort. Mr. Speaker, you heard one of our Members mention that we were having 100year and 500year floods. This is debatable, I suppose, whether they are 100year floods or 500year floods, but there is one fact that is beyond dispute. It is beyond reproach. The fact is this: We are having billion dollar floods. Billion dollar floods, Mr. Speaker, in Houston, Texas. Within the last year, a little more than a year now, but within a 12month period of time, Houston, Texas, has been declared a disaster area twice. Twice. Over the last 20 years, billions of dollars spent, and we have had 4 to 5 days of flooding each year over the last 20 years. This flooding is causing great harm to property. There are people who have just moved back into their homes, Mr. Speaker, and they find themselves now being evicted by floodwaters again, waters that they cannot extricate themselves from. Their homes are stationary and fixed. They have to cope with these floods. They have to cope with their life after the floods. We are here tonight to let the country know that we in Houston, Texas, are tough. We are Texas tough. But there is something that we can do to help the people in Houston, Texas. I don’t want to talk about that right now, to be quite candid with you. After losing the lives of our military persons in Fort Hood, Texas, I believe it is very important for us to make some special reference to them. These are people who have served this country, who were prepared to live and die for the country. They are persons who were in training, and they were among the finest that we have. I regret that we have lost them. All lives are precious. All lives are special. I came to the floor earlier, and I recited the names of persons who had lost their lives, some 16 persons in the Memorial Day flood and the tax day flood. At this time, I believe it necessary and appropriate to mention the persons who lost their lives in Fort Hood, nine soldiers. Mr. Speaker, we had a staff sergeant lose his life, Staff Sergeant Miguel Angel Colonvazquez, 38 years of age. Mr. Speaker, he served with honor. He received five Army Commendation Medals and Army Achievement Medals, three Army Good Conduct Medals, two Korea Defense Service Medals, the Army Service Ribbon, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Medal, and other honors as well. Specialist Yingming Sun, age 25, from California. He received the National Defense Service Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Medal, the Korea Defense Service Medal, the Army Service Ribbon, the Overseas Service Ribbon. Specialist Christine Faith Armstrong, age 27, from California. She received the National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Medal, Korea Defense Service Medal, Army Service Ribbon, and the Overseas Service Ribbon. Private First Class Brandon Austin Banner, 22 years of age. He received the National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Medal, Korea Defense Service Medal, Army Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon, Marksmanship Qualification Badge. Private First Class Zachery Nathaniel Fuller, age 23, Floridian. He received the National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Medal, Army Service Ribbon. Private Isaac Lee Deleon, age 19. He received the National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Medal, Army Service Ribbon. Private Eddy Gates, age 20, North Carolina. She received the National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Medal, Army Service Ribbon. Private Tysheena James, age 21. She received the National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Medal, Army Service Ribbon. Finally, Cadet Mitchell Alexander Winey, age 21. He was majoring in Engineering Management at West Point. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the time, and I would like to close with this, if you will allow. All of these people were meeting the measure of life that Ruth Smeltzer called to our attention: Some measure their lives by days and years, others by heartthrobs, passions and tears; but the surest measure under God’s sun is what for others in your lifetime have you done. b1945 These were persons who were committed to doing for others in this great country; and they were committed to doing it to the extent that, unfortunately, with all of their honors, they lost their lives in circumstances from which they could not extricate themselves under adverse weather conditions. I believe that they are worthy of a moment of a silence. They are worthy of much more, to be quite candid with you, but I believe that tonight this House should recognize all of them and all of those who have lost their lives with a moment of silence. And I shall ask that we engage in such at this time. Mr. Speaker, I would have the families of all of them note that they may be gone physically, but they will never be forgotten. We want the record to show that they served their country with distinction and with honor. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the ongoing flooding in my home state of Texas. Texas has experienced numerous incidences of heavy rain and extreme weather events since last summer, which have resulted in extensive flooding, property damage, and tragic loss of life. Flooding and heavy rain has affected much of our vast state this spring. Flood warnings continue throughout Dallas County along the Trinity River this week, while my district has been the focus of flash flooding and severe weather for the better part of this year. Further throughout Texas, rain gauges at the Austin Bergstrom International Airport, College StationBryan, and San Angelo have recorded the wettest spring seasons on record for these areas. Recent flooding in Texas has so far claimed the lives of 16 individuals and has resulted in significant costs associated with property damage. Even more alarming is the fact that these catastrophic floods seem to be occurring with greater severity and frequency over time. More than ever, we need to recognize the effects of climate change on our normal weather systems. Before we can begin to seriously address these severe acts of nature, we must trace these events back to their root cause. Climate change is undeniably a significant contributing factor of the increase in frequency and severity of these storms. The State of Texas has fostered a strong relationship with our federal partners, such as the Department of Homeland Security, to deliver critical funding and emergency response for rescue and cleanup efforts. As long as these floods continue, we need to continue to build on our cooperation and work over the past year by not only improving our response to current events, but also by taking deliberate steps to mitigate future risks. Mr. Speaker, the extreme weather events that we are experiencing in Texas are emblematic of the potentially devastating consequences of climate change—and this is only the beginning. As we continue our efforts to assist the people of Texas, I urge for more federal assistance in our fight to address the recent rain and flooding while also mitigating future flooding concerns throughout the state. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on April 17–18, 2016 Houston experienced a historic flood event that claimed the lives of eight people; damaged over 1,150 households; disrupted hundreds of businesses; closed community centers, schools, and places of worship due to flood waters. On Monday, April 25, I led a tour and held a press conference with the Army Corps of Engineers, local and state elected officials to focus on the damaged caused by the flood and to refocus our efforts on reducing the damage and frequency of flooding in the Houston area. On April 25, President Obama granted the request for federal Individual Assistance for Harris County residences and business owners who were affected by severe weather and flooding. I would like to thank all the local, state and federal officials who helped in making this possible. 
On May 3, 2016, I held a town hall for the residents of Houston, which includes my constituents in the 18th Congressional District so that they could learn from FEMA what resources were available to assist them with recovery. Unfortunately, that was not the end of the story of flooding in Houston for 2016—in early June another record setting rainfall led to catastrophic flooding throughout the Houston area. At the beginning of this month Houston once again was flooded and another Disaster Assistance request was submitted to the White House. I am grateful to the President and the great work of those at the Department of Homeland Security who worked tirelessly to help people after both events. I spoke on the House Floor several times over the last six weeks about the floods and the suffering caused by the waters that came through our communities—damaging homes, our schools, places of business, and our places of worship. I am gratified that the House approved my amendments to The Energy and Water Appropriations Act which will help facilitate the $3 million needed to fund the Army Corps of Engineers’ Houston Regional Watershed Assessment flood risk management feasibility study. The Energy and Water Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (H.R. 5055) provides that the Secretary of the Army may initiate up to six new study starts during fiscal year 2017, and that five of those studies are to consist of studies where the majority of the benefits are derived from flood and storm damage reduction or from navigation transportation savings. My discussion on the House floor about Jackson Lee Amendment with Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR of the Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee made a compelling case and legislative record that the Houston Regional Watershed Assessment Flood Risk Management Feasibility study is most deserving to be selected by the Secretary of the Army as one of the new study starts. The Energy and Water Appropriations Act is still under consideration in the House, and I continue to work with my colleagues in moving this important effort forward. The Houston Regional Watershed Assessment study is critically needed given the frequency and severity of historiclevel flood events in recent years in and around the Houston metropolitan area. The purpose of the Houston Regional Watershed Assessment is to identify risk reduction measures and optimize performance from a multiobjective systems performance perspective of the regional network of nested and intermingled watersheds, reservoir dams, flood flow conveyance channels, storm water detention basins, and related Flood Risk Management (FRM) infrastructure. Special emphasis of the study, which covers 22 primary watersheds within Harris County’s 1,756 square miles, will be placed on extreme flood events that exceed the system capacity resulting in impacts to asset conditions/functions and loss of life. The Federal government should not run every aspect of our lives—but it is an umbrella on a rainy day—it is a shelter in a powerful storm. The Federal government is help when no other source of help can meet the challenges we may be facing is sufficient. It takes all sectors of a community to effectively prepare for, protect against, respond to, recover from, and mitigate against any disaster. We come together as community—we come together as Houstonians—we come together as Texans and yes—we come together as Americans to provide support, help and assistance to each other during difficult times. This is a difficult time for many in our city of Houston. Some of those who were hit hard by the flood are here tonight, but there are many others who suffered losses who were not able to be here. I ask that you take material with you to share with your neighbors, friends, family, and coworkers who had flood damage or economic impacts due to the flood, but were not able to join us tonight so that they can get the help they may need to recover from the historic flooding. You may qualify for FEMA Individual Assistance grants of up to $33,000 from the federal government, and lowinterest disaster loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration. An estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12 hour period, which resulted in several areas exceeding the 100 to 500 year flood event record. The records on floods are based upon the time period of rain fall, the location of the rain fall, and the duration of the event over a watershed. The areas that experienced these historic rain falls in April were west of 1–45, north of I–10, and Greens Bayou. An estimated 140 billion gallons of water fell over the Cypress Creek, Spring Creek, and Addicks watershed in just 14 hours. The flooding problems in the Houston area are frequent, widespread, and severe, with projects to reduce flood risks in place that are valued at several billion dollars. Recent historical flooding in the region was documented in 1979, 1980, 1983, 1989, 1993, 1994, 1997, 2001 (Tropical Storm Allison), 2006, 2007, and 2008 (Hurricane Ike). In 2015, the Houston and surrounding area experienced widespread historic flooding; and again two weeks ago we saw significant flooding damage and loss of life during the 12 hour flood event from April 17–18, 2016. On June 6, 2016, I held a tour of the flood damage in Houston, Texas with the President and CEO of The American Red Cross Gail McGovern: Following the flooding in April I worked with FEMA and the city of Houston to provide housing to those left homeless by the flooding in April. Organized a Houston area delegation letter to appropriators to fund a study. Sent letters to appropriators on the impact of flooding on the region and requested that a similar effort to deal with storm surge be undertaken for the upper Texas Gulf Coast. On March 10, 2016, I held what is likely one of the first Congressional events to raise public awareness regarding Zika Virus and to ascertain the needs of local and state agencies who would be responsible for responding to the threat. On June 1, 2016, CDC reports are there are 1,732 confirmed Zika cases in the continental United States and U.S. Territories. Cases of the Zika Virus have been reported in every state in the United States except Alaska; Idaho; North Dakota; South Dakota; and Wisconsin. At that meeting I called for the following directives to happen: 1. Establish a national task force to discuss the Zika virus; The First meeting of the Task Force occurred on Tuesday, June 7, 2016. Other objectives that I outlined included: 2. Creation of public service messages explaining what the word DEET means and why it is important to protect yourself with insect repellant; 3. We must make sure that untreated mosquito bed netting is available to women and girls in high risk areas; 4. Post posters in all public hospitals highlighting the dangers of the Zika virus and how one can protect themselves from the Zika virus; 5. Hold a MAJOR briefing in Houston with officials from the CDC regarding the Zika virus; 6. Conduct a Houston/Harris County Public service campaign to inform the community about traveling to Zika Virus mosquito borne infected regions around the world; and 7. We must secure public and private funds to cleanup illegally dumped tires and other debris where mosquitos may breed near people. We must also rethink how testing is conducted for the Zika Virus. Dr. Peter Hotez, Dean of the School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine recommends that an aggressive testing and disease surveillance approach be adopted for areas of greatest risk along the Gulf Coast like the city of Houston. Subtropical climate; Areas of Extreme Poverty; Presence of the most threatening Zika Virus carrying mosquitoes the Aedes Aegypti; Mosquito breeding conditions that are supportive of spread of the disease from travelers who come to the Houston area with the illness. The CDC guidance for persons who seek testing for the disease should allow for greater testing in areas that have these conditions along the Gulf Coast from Texas to Florida. Mosquito surveillance along the Gulf Coast is not even nor as wellresourced as it once was due to budget cuts and a lack of concern regarding mosquito borne disease, which has greatly reduced capacity and competence in this critical area. The mosquito that carries Zika Virus is known as the greatest killer of people—it is also known as the yellow fever mosquito. This Aedes mosquito is the real threat and it must be battled from the neighborhood level up to the county or parish level. President Obama’s request for $1.9 Billion in Zika Virus Emergency Response Funding. 
The Senate passed a Zika Virus Appropriations of $1.1 billion, but unfortunately the House only provided $622 million. The Senate has called for a conference to reconcile the differences between the two bills. The CDC reported on May 30, 2016, that it has confirmed cases of the Zika Virus include 279 pregnant women in the United States or U.S. Territories. This number is double the number of cases reported the previous week. The CDC is reporting all pregnant women who have ‘‘any laboratory evidence’’ of possible infection, no matter what. The CDC made the change after seeing reports of asymptomatic pregnant women— women with no symptoms who delivered children with known Zika Virus birth defects. These are sobering and troubling numbers this early in our mosquito season. These cases of Zika Virus include both travel related and those that were contracted from mosquito bites. The 13 Local Cases of the Zika Virus are all travel related thus far. Seven cases of the Zika Virus recorded by Harris County Public Health Environmental Services. Six reported by the City of Houston Public Health Department Reported cases of the Zika Virus. We know that 4 in 5 people who contract the Zika Virus have no symptoms. This is especially problematic for pregnant women who may become infected with the Zika Virus and have no symptoms. Although the contracting of the disease is most associated with mosquitoes it has been transmitted sexually. This presents other challenges to Zika Virus public education and preparedness. 
b2203 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ) at 10 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5278, PUERTO RICO OVERSIGHT, MANAGEMENT, AND ECONOMIC STABILITY ACT Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–610) on the resolution (H. Res. 770) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5278) to establish an Oversight Board to assist the Government of Puerto Rico, including instrumentalities, in managing its public finances, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5325, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–611) on the resolution (H. Res. 771) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. HARDY (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of a death in the family. Mr. JEFFRIES (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for June 7 and today. Mr. PAYNE (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of being in district. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, June 9, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3738. A bill to amend the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to improve the transparency, accountability, governance, and operations of the Office of Financial Research, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–608). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4638. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to allow for the creation of venture exchanges to promote liquidity of venture securities, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–609). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 770. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5278) to establish an Oversight Board to assist the Government of Puerto Rico, including instrumentalities, in managing its public finances, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–610). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. WOODALL. Committee on Rules. House Resolution 771. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 611). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself and Ms. SLAUGHTER ): H.R. 5403. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to liability under State and local requirements respecting devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Ms. SLAUGHTER , and Mr. Z INKE): H.R. 5404. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require physicians and physician’s offices to be treated as covered device users required to report on certain adverse events involving medical devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mrs. WAGNER ): H.R. 5405. A bill to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. C RAMER , and Ms. MCCOLLUM ): H.R. 5406. A bill to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to improve access to tribal health care by providing for systemic Indian Health Service workforce and funding allocation reforms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BROWN of Florida: H.R. 5407. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Labor to prioritize the provision of services to homeless veterans with dependent children in carrying out homeless veterans reintegration programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. N ORTON, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ): H.R. 5408. A bill to provide for the treatment and extension of temporary financing of shorttime compensation programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5409. A bill to help individuals receiving disability insurance benefits under title II of the Social Security Act obtain rehabilitative services and return to the workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 5410. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to better align the grace period required for nonpayment of premiums before discontinuing coverage under qualified health plans with such grace periods provided for under State law; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. T ONKO , and Ms. MATSUI ): H.R. 5411. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide under the State plan under the Medicaid program early and periodic screening, diagnostic, and treatment services to individuals under age 21 who are receiving services in institutions for mental diseases; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Ms. STEFANIK , and Ms. D ELBENE): H.R. 5412. A bill to provide the right of American Indians born in Canada or the United States to pass the borders of the United States to any individual who is a member, or is eligible to be a member, of a Federally recognized Indian tribe in the United States or Canada, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5413. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to provide additional requirements for the consumer complaint website of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. UPTON (for himself and Mr. PALLONE ): H.R. 5414. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for establishment of one or more Intercenter Institutes within the Food and Drug Administration for a major disease area or areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. NADLER , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. DELBENE, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Ms. S LAUGHTER ): H. Res. 769. A resolution terminating a Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. H INOJOSA, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. LEWIS, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. TAKANO , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN ): H. Res. 772. A resolution encouraging the celebration of the month of June as LGBTQ Pride Month; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
252. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of West Virginia, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 20, urging the United States Congress to provide funding for the West Virginia National Guard to sustain and enhance its capabilities in its role in a regional catastrophe and to modernize the antiquated avionics of its fleet of C130s and other aircraft to meet global airspace requirements for 2020; to the Committee on Armed Services. 253. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Iowa, relative to Senate Resolution 118, calling upon the Congress of the United States, the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the President of the United States, and this country’s future President of the United States and administration, to continue to support the RFS in order to encourage American energy production and to strengthen rural communities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 254. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 119, to recognize May 2016 as ‘‘Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month’’ and to memorialize the Congress of the United States to enact legislation to provide additional funding for research for the treatment and cure of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 255. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Colorado, relative to House Joint Resolution 161013, condemning atrocities against Christians and other ethnic and religious minorities; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 256. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 66, memorializing the United States Congress and the Louisiana Congressional Delegation to take such actions as are necessary to rectify the revenue sharing inequities between coastal and interior energy producing states; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 257. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 90, to memorialize the Congress of the United States to designate the Louisiana Highway 8/Louisiana Highway 28 corridor as Future Interstate 14; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 258. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 91, designating Wednesday, April 27, 2016, as the fourth annual Liquefied Natural Gas Day at the state capitol; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 5403. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 5404. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 5405. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 5406. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sections 7 and 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. BROWN of Florida: H.R. 5407. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 5408. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5409. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 5410. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 5411. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 5412. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper . . .’ By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5413. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power ....  T o  make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 5414. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 188: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, H.R. 244: Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. H.R. 250: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 302: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 379: Mr. GARRETT and Ms. E DWARDS . H.R. 391: Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. C LYBURN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. K ILDEE , and Ms. P LASKETT . H.R. 415: Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 448: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 542: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 605: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 612: Mr. HARDY . H.R. 711: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 769: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 836: Mr. TROTT and Mr. M ARCHANT . H.R. 921: Mr. BARTON , Mr. I SSA, Mr. DESANTIS , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H.R. 927: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 969: Mr. ROHRABACHER . H.R. 1062: Mr. BARTON . H.R. 1130: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 1148: Mr. CHAFFETZ . H.R. 1151: Mrs. ROBYand Mr. M EEHAN . H.R. 1197: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 1218: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 1258: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. K IND. H.R. 1427: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 1516: Mr. SHUSTER . H.R. 1549: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 1559: Mr. TROTT and Mr. R IGELL . H.R. 1581: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 1603: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 1652: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 1655: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 1706: Miss RICEof New York and Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 1717: Mr. ROYCE , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 1845: Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 1860: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 1904: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 1905: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 2411: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 2434: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2500: Mr. SARBANES and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 2513: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 2698: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 2737: Mr. NADLER , Mr. S MITH of Mis souri, Mr. COLE, Mr. J OYCE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. TONKO , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2739: Mr. DOLD, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. FOSTER , and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2752: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 2759: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 2889: Mr. TAKANO and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 2903: Mr. ISRAEL , Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 2911: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 2992: Mr. ROKITA , Mr. R OONEY of Flor ida, Mr. COLE, Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. HUDSON , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. AMODEI , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. H ANNA , and Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 3094: Mr. ZINKE, Mrs. L UMMIS , and Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3099: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. M AC ARTHUR , and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3180: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 3222: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 3235: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mr. M EEHAN. H.R. 3238: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 3255: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 3268: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 3316: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 3535: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 3539: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 3580: Mr. RYANof Ohio and Mr. B ISHOP  of Utah. H.R. 3632: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 3720: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 3765: Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 3799: Mr. RUSSELL . H.R. 3861: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 3880: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 3957: Mr. NUGENT . H.R. 4013: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4019: Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 4061: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 4247: Mr. ROONEY of Florida, Mr. R USSELL, Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. PEARCE . 
H.R. 4262: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 4352: Mr. RIBBLE , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, and Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 4365: Mr. LABRADOR and Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 4381: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 4424: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 4435: Mr. GRAYSON , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. DOGGETT , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia, and Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 4469: Mr. CHABOT , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. I SSA, and Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 4481: Mr. KILMER and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . H.R. 4488: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 4559: Mr. BARTON , Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 4567: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 4585: Ms. HAHNand Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4625: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4626: Mr. LUCAS , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. NOLAN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. MCGOVERN , and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 4646: Mr. ENGEL , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania, and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4653: Mr. O’ROURKE and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 4662: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 4665: Mr. ROSSand Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 4695: Mr. RYANof Ohio, Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 4708: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania and Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 4764: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 4768: Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mrs. W AGNER, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4773: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi and Mr. CARTER of Texas. H.R. 4795: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 4798: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mr. POLIS. H.R. 4817: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. POLIS. H.R. 4854: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 4855: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 4918: Ms. DELAURO and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 4931: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 4989: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5025: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 5044: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. HOYER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. RUSH, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. NEAL, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. N OLAN , and Mr. HERA. H.R. 5051: Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. POLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ARNEY, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. COOPER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , and Mr. I SSA. H.R. 5082: Mr. KING of New York, Mr. DUFFY , and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 5135: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 5166: Mrs. MILLER of Michigan, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 5177: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 5180: Mr. MARCHANT and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 5182: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 5190: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 5203: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 5207: Mr. DEUTCH and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 5210: Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. ALLEN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 5224: Mr. WITTMAN and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 5254: Mr. KEATING , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. MOORE , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5258: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 5272: Ms. ESHOO , and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 5275: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 5285: Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. TIBERI . H.R. 5292: Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. LONG, Mr. F LORES , Mr. MULVANEY , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California, Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. KIND, Mr. R OGERS of Ken tucky, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. G IBBS, and Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 5294: Mr. GIBBS and Mr. K ELLY of Mis sissippi. H.R. 5307: Mr. PEARCE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. GOHMERT , and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 5319: Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 5320: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. R OSKAM, Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. ISSA, and Mr. M EEHAN . H.R. 5340: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 5351: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 5361: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 5362: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 5368: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5369: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 5386: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 5400: Mr. RANGEL . H.J. Res. 48: Mr. CONYERS . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. BARR and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. LAMALFA . H. Con. Res. 132: Mrs. DINGELL and Mr. TAKANO . H. Res. 494: Ms. GRANGER and Mr. R OUZER . H. Res. 590: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. L IPINSKI . H. Res. 617: Mr. MICA. H. Res. 625: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. C ALVERT . H. Res. 650: Mr. HUNTER . H. Res. 660: Mr. MCCAULand Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H. Res. 667: Mr. MEEHAN . H. Res. 668: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H. Res. 703: Mr. LANGEVIN . H. Res. 712: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico. H. Res. 729: Mr. KILMER , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. PALLONE , Mr. W ALBERG , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. STEWART , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida. H. Res. 730: Mr. POLIQUIN . H. Res. 750: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. Y OUNG  of Indiana, Mr. SCHIFF , and Miss R ICEof New York. H. Res. 759: Mr. COSTA . H. Res. 766: Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl vania, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. DEUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. H IGGINS, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. KEATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. LANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. S ABLAN , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. J EFFRIES . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative ROBBISHOP , or a designee, to H.R. 5278, the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3599 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 2016 No. 90 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 