Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, we should all be concerned with the killing of innocents. Let’s start right here in America where we are under attack. We are all still reeling from the horrific violence in Orlando—49 killed, more than 50 wounded. It is the worst mass shooting in American history. The killer was someone who, in his own words, identified with ISIS, a madman’s fury directed at the GLBT community, who were slaughtered in a place of comfort, release, and joy. It was especially jarring because this has been an unprecedented period of progress for the GLBT issues on every front. New landmarks have been achieved. While this outrage is tragic, horrifying, and frustrating, it is important that people understand that the advocates of GLBT equality and of a rational approach to gun safety are not going to stop in their efforts for reform. The unprecedented outpouring of support in the wake of Orlando ought to be a source of comfort and strength for the GLBT community as people everywhere reaffirm their support and stand in solidarity for full equality. Our Pride Parade in Portland this weekend is going to be larger and more enthusiastic than ever. The equality tide is not going to turn, and the silly bathroom police in North Carolina is not where America is going or even where North Carolina will be in the future. While it seems gun violence continues unchecked by sensible gun safety laws, that tide, too, is poised to turn. We know what to do. No one needs an assault rifle to hunt; although it is very efficient to slaughter little children in school or people in a nightclub. There are dozens of simple steps that can be taken to protect Americans, steps which are, in fact, supported broadly by the public, not just by the majority of Americans but by most gun owners themselves. We should start with universal background checks for all gun purchases. Someone on the terrorist watch list should not be able to purchase a gun; no fly, no buy. If we can personalize our cell phones so that others can’t use them, we ought to be able to make smart guns so that others cannot use guns unauthorized. b1015 When somebody fails a background check, that ought to be reported to the authorities, who it was, and why. We can repeal the inane prohibition on gun safety research that stops us 
from treating the epidemic of gun violence like we would any other public health crisis. It is interesting that even the author of this misguided policy 20 years ago now realizes it was a mistake, and he has changed his mind and wants to overturn it. Just like automobile safety, we can take dozens of small steps to reduce gun violence. Not eliminate it altogether, but we don’t stop treating cancer just because some people die; so it is with our commitment to gun safety. If we can stop a few tragic acts, it is worth it to reduce the number of attacks and save lives. We are poised for one of the most consequential elections in anybody’s memory. Let’s make it count. We have an opportunity to stand in solidarity with our brothers and sisters in the LGBT community. We can join with President Obama and Secretary Clinton for enlightened national leadership, stand with the LBGT community committed to making this tragedy a turning point. This is the year to deliver on full LBGT equality and commonsense gun safety. 
ACADEMY APPOINTEES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to recognize a group of remarkable young people from Pinellas County, Florida, who have excelled among their peers and answered the call to duty to serve their fellow Americans. These young men and women have tested and proven themselves academically, athletically, and physically, and have demonstrated the leadership skills necessary to now be offered appointments to one of our United States Service Academies. It is an honor to recognize these young men and women from Florida’s 13th Congressional District today. Receiving appointments to attend the U.S. Military Academy at West Point are: Elizabeth BrownWorthington of Gulfport, Florida, a graduate of Boca Ciega High School; Andrew Buck of Tierra Verde, Florida, a graduate of Saint Petersburg Catholic High School; Sean McClair of Seminole, Florida, a graduate of Osceola Fundamental High School and the U.S. Military Academy Preparatory School; Tyler Mitchiner of Clearwater, Florida, a graduate of Palm Harbor University and the U.S. Military Academy Preparatory School; William Moorhead of Clearwater, Florida, a graduate of Clearwater Central Catholic High School; Patrick Prior of Saint Petersburg, Florida, a graduate of Osceola Fundamental High School; John Rusnak of Seminole, Florida, a graduate of Saint Petersburg Catholic High School. Receiving appointments from Pinellas County to attend the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis are: Connor Price of Safety Harbor, Florida, a graduate of Palm Harbor University High School and the U.S. Naval Academy Preparatory School; Jared Price of Safety Harbor, Florida, a graduate of Palm Harbor University High School and the U.S. Naval Academy Preparatory School; Zack Quilty of Saint Petersburg, Florida, a graduate of Jesuit High School; and Ethan Singer of Clearwater, Florida, a graduate of Countryside High School. Receiving appointments to attend the U.S. Air Force Academy from Pinellas County, Florida are: Brian Brown of Safety Harbor, Florida, a graduate of Countryside High School; Dalton Collins of Largo, Florida, a graduate of Admiral Farragut Academy and the U.S. Air Force Academy Preparatory School; Joseph Gannaio of Clearwater, Florida, a graduate of Calvary Christian High School; Thomas ‘‘Trey’’ Walker of Saint Petersburg, Florida, a graduate of Saint Petersburg High School. Receiving appointments to attend the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy from Pinellas County, Florida, are: Jackson Misner of Tampa, Florida, a graduate of H.B. Plant High School; and Sofia Tucker of Navarre, Florida, a graduate of Navarre High School. Finally, receiving an appointment to attend the U.S. Coast Guard Academy is Olivia Suski of Seminole, Florida, a graduate of Seminole High School and the Marion Military Institute. These future cadets and midshipmen that we recognize today will be the future leaders of our military forces and our Merchant Marine. I wish them Godspeed in the challenges of their summer training and the academic years to follow. These young people represent the best of America, and we each look forward to witnessing their future success and their service to country. We, the House of Representatives, can have great confidence in our Nation’s future as we entrust it to these appointees and those of my colleagues here in Congress. 
ORLANDO MASSACRE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, this is what our moments of silence have brought us: A silent nightclub. The only sound is the frantic ringing of cell phones that would never be answered and silent bodies where there should be life, love, and pride. And, here, a silent Congress. Mere words cannot express the depth of my rage and grief. Fortynine lives lost in the middle of Pride Month when they should have been safe and celebrated. Fortynine families devastated by the loss of their loved ones. Forty nine phones ringing and ringing and ringing. There were also frantic texts, like Eddie Justice’s final message to his mother: ‘‘Mommy, I love you. He’s coming. I’m gonna die.’’ If you can hear these words without your heart breaking, if you can think of those little children gunned down in Newtown without breathing, if you can think of empty pews in Charleston without mourning, then truly you have lost your souls. Hateful people like to compare LBGT equality to the sinfilled Biblical cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, but we here in Congress are the real Sodom and Gomorrah. Are there not 218 Members here to stand against this bloody tide? I ask you today: How many lives must be destroyed before Congress acts? Nine lives? Charleston showed us nine is not enough. Thirteen lives? Columbine showed us that 13 was not enough. Certainly, 27 small children killed in their classrooms in Newtown? No, not enough. The 32 lives lost at Virginia Tech, again, not enough lives. The more than 33,000 Americans killed each year by guns, not enough. Now 49 people have been mowed down and murdered in Orlando, yet even this historic tragedy, the biggest mass murder since 9/11, hasn’t been deemed big enough, horrific enough, or insidious enough to break the weakkneed, spineless, silent Members of Congress. Congress is happy to debate for hours about bathrooms, but bring up the gun violence killing of thousands? Absolutely not. Radical Islam or homegrown American homophobia or a toxic stew of both may have inspired the Orlando shooter. No doubt we will learn about his disgusting motivations in the coming weeks. But there are simple actions we can take right now, actions that would have reduced the deaths in Orlando as well as in Aurora, Newtown, San Bernardino, and at Umpqua Community College. All these killers use AR– 15s. All of them used weapons of mass destruction. First, let’s make sure every gun purchase requires a background check rather than just 60 percent of gun purchases. Why have we created a separate market for criminals, domestic abusers, and mentally ill? Let’s ban assault weapons that have time and time again caused mass bloodshed. The American people are too familiar with the AR–15, a weapon designed to hunt Americans in their most vulnerable places: the classroom, the movie theater, the nightclub. Whether the wouldbe killers are Islamic extremists or American White supremacists or disgruntled coworkers, banning assault weapons would prevent mass bloodshed on the scale we saw 
last weekend in Orlando. Motive doesn’t matter without the means. Finally, we must lift the ban on gun violence research. Our best minds should have access to gun violence statistics and be encouraged to study ways to stem the tide of violence. The Second Amendment cannot be abridged by basic scientific studies. Would these policies stop all gun violence? Of course not. But I am repulsed by the moments of silence that just are for show. No other industrialized country has such blood soaked streets. By remaining silent, we are complicit in these crimes. To the Latino and LGBT communities that are dealing with this unimaginable tragedy, I mourn with you and stand with you against this tide of hatred. To my colleagues, I plead with you, please, stop the idolatry of weapons of death. 
REMEMBERING THOSE LOST IN THE JUNE 11TH SHOOTING IN ORLANDO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in praying for the victims and the impacted families from Saturday’s terrorist attack in Orlando, Florida. This terrorist attack serves as a reminder that we must do everything possible to defeat those who inspire hate and we must eradicate ISIS before other incidents occur. Mr. Speaker, over the past 2 years alone, 73 American lives have been taken by acts of terrorism here at home, in the United States. Mr. Speaker, the first duty of American leadership is the safety of our citizens and our families. When American leadership fails, our citizens pay a heavy price. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 100th anniversary of the farm credit, which was signed into law through the Federal Farm Loan Act of 1916 and was created to be a source of competitive credit for those who live and work in rural America. Today, the farm credit system plays a vital role in the success of our rural communities throughout our 50 States and in Puerto Rico, providing more than $237 billion in loans to more than 500,000 customers. Now, while the farm credit system has a national footprint, its leaders are local. There are nearly 75 independently owned and operated farm credit organizations across the Nation, acting as cooperatives, owned by its customers with a deep understanding of agriculture in their area. Agriculture is the number one industry in Pennsylvania, my home State, and I can tell you that the farm credit system has played a major role in helping farm families survive and thrive through the use of financing, the construction of new buildings, the purchase of land, the pursuit of agribusiness opportunities, and the purchase of new equipment to remain competitive. The farm credit system has also been vital to helping new farmers in Pennsylvania hit the ground running and to start to grow their new businesses. Mr. Speaker, American agriculture is responsible for feeding our local communities, our Nation, and the world as a whole. It is my hope that the farm credit system will assist our farms for generations to come. f 
AL RIDDLEY’S PRAYER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Al Riddley of Springfield, Illinois, who is giving this afternoon’s opening prayer. This tradition of a congressional prayer dates back all the way to the Continental Congress in 1774. It has guided the House of Representatives through trying and through difficult times. That is why I can think of no better person to lead us in prayer this afternoon. Al has dedicated his life to helping others and improving our communities in Illinois. Throughout his entire professional career, he has extended a helping hand to the most vulnerable, especially our friends and our neighbors in need. Al serves on the Governor’s Commission on the Elimination of Poverty. As the recent past executive director of the Illinois Coalition for Community Services, he has worked to empower volunteers through education and grassroots organizing. As a minister, Al gives the best sermons I have ever heard. He can move congregations to tears. He can give them a good laugh. And I can guarantee you that if you hear him, there is never a congregation that doesn’t walk away feeling inspired to make a difference in the lives of their neighbors. That is why it makes me proud to say that Al Riddley is going to be giving the opening prayer later this afternoon, and I am honored to have him here with us today. 
TRUTH ABOUT THE BABY BODY PARTS INDUSTRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to bring attention to the research that the Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives is conducting. On April 20 of this year, Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives Chairman MARSHA  BLACKBURN held a hearing on the pricing of fetal tissue and found broad consensus among witnesses that Federal law may have been violated when abortion clinics profited from the sale of baby body parts and the privacy of women may have been violated in the process. Let’s take a look at what the panel found. First, and possibly the most shocking, is a Web site where one procurement business, whose name has been redacted, has set up an online order form. From this Web site, a user can select what type of parts they want: baby brains, baby tongue, scalp, reproductive organs. The quantity is then selected of the gestational period chosen. The user even has shipping options. This is truly appalling. This is online shopping for baby parts, and this procurement business has made it as easy as possible. b1030 But these procurement businesses are not doing this by themselves. They are only the middlemen in a transaction between the supplier—or abortion clinic—and the end user. As seen on exhibit B2, this procurement business markets itself in its brochure to abortion clinics as a way for the clinics to make additional income by allowing the procurement business technicians to collect tissues and organs from aborted babies immediately after an abortion is completed. The brochure uses the words ‘‘financially profitable,’’ ‘‘fiscally rewards,’’ and ‘‘financial benefit to your clinic.’’ The Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives’ investigation revealed that the procurement business technician performs every conceivable task in the harvesting process immediately after an abortion. For this, the procurement business is charged a fee by the clinic, even though the clinics are not incurring any additional costs in the process, thus they are making money off of this horrific act. It is important to note at this point that the underlying statute allowing for the donation of fetal tissue assumes the tissue would be for transplantations and research and would not be sold. Further, in 1993, former Democrat Congressman Henry Waxman, who wrote the restrictions into law, stated on the House floor: ‘‘This amendment would enact the most important safeguards to prevent any sale of fetal tissue for any purpose, not just the purpose of research.’’ He went on and said: ‘‘It would be abhorrent to allow for the sale of fetal tissue and a market to be created for that sale.’’ So what have these clinics done? Well, just the opposite, it would seem. This shows an abortion clinic charged the middleman $11,365 for harvested baby parts or what they call POCs, products of conception, and blood. Exhibit D2 shows the abortion clinic charged the middleman again, this 
time $9,060, for harvested baby parts and blood even though the clinic did not incur any additional expense in the harvesting process. This is the very market Congressman Waxman called abhorrent, and he was right. It is abhorrent. How callous does one have to be to rob a baby of life and then charge others for the pieces of the corpse? This is beyond disturbing. Just as disturbing, the Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives also found that women’s privacy rights appear to have been violated in the process. After the online order form comes to the procurement company from a researcher, it goes to the procurement company’s technician, who is embedded in the abortion clinic. The technician then, without their consent, reviews the woman’s medical records to see if their baby’s age and gender match that day’s order. If so, the technician then goes to the woman, befriends her, and coerces her to give consent by lying to her—and this is a Planned Parenthood consent form— claiming that blood from pregnant women and tissue that had been aborted have been used to treat and find a cure—find a cure—for such diseases as diabetes, Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s, cancer, and AIDS. As we know, this is not true. From there, the procurement technician dissects the aborted baby in order to harvest the specific organs that were ordered and ships them off. The Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives’ investigation into this issue is already illustrating that the clinics are turning the sale of baby body parts into a business, and they are making a profit doing so. No woman should be treated this way. No woman should have her private medical records given to a for profit company so they can use her for financial gain. These practices are deplorable, and they must end. 
WE ARE ALL MOURNING THE SENSELESS VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, regardless of our party affiliation or our congressional district, we are all mourning the senseless violence and loss of life in Orlando. As we learn the names and the stories of each victim, our focus now turns to how we respond, how we prevent another act of terror and hate, another tragedy to which this country has become far too accustomed. We face a multitude of shortcomings that this Nation must account for: access to guns designed to maximize death and destruction as well as the very real threat that violent extremism and homegrown terrorism pose to American lives. Two debates, it is worth noting, that this body has repeatedly failed to take up. In the days and weeks ahead, these issues deserve and demand our attention. But as we wrestle with the means by which terror was expressed, we cannot ignore the specific target it sought: the LGBT community. We often use words like ‘‘indiscriminate’’ when we talk about gun violence, referring to the terrifying randomness these tragedies can reflect, the sense that it could happen anywhere, anytime, to any of us. We cannot use the term ‘‘indiscriminate’’ here. While the details are still coming to light, all signs point to a crime motivated by hateful prejudice against a specific subset of our population. It comes at a particularly difficult time. This month is LGBT Pride Month, 30 days to celebrate what it means to be an LGBT American, to be true to yourself, to remember the blood, sweat, and tears that activists and advocates have shed for generations demanding better of their country. On Saturday afternoon, I walked through the streets of Boston for our Commonwealth’s annual Pride Parade. It is one of my favorite events of the year—the celebration, jubilation, camaraderie, and energy that takes the city by storm. The first year I participated, I had the honor of marching with my predecessor, Congressman Barney Frank. The year after that, I walked with my former college roommate, Jason Collins, who had recently come out as the first gay professional athlete in a major U.S. sport. Standing next to Congressman Frank and Jason, I saw not only what their presence meant to that sea of supporters surrounding us, but what those supporters mean to them: an incredible wave of love and acceptance that they had to fight a lifetime to see—a statement of support from community and country that most of us get to take for granted. This past Saturday was no different. Love and tolerance emanated from every sidewalk, every storefront, and every street. Yet less than 24 hours later, we woke up on Sunday to the devastating images of the Pulse nightclub: families and friends searching for loved ones; heroes carrying injured victims in their arms to a nearby hospital; strangers waiting in line for hours to donate blood; a community far too accustomed to violence and hate forced to confront a painful truth—that for all of our recent strides and successes, this country continues to give discrimination against the LGBT community a home. While this body stands firmly united in heartbreak and horror over what transpired on Sunday morning, we cannot ignore the example that our actions—or inactions—have helped set. Our Nation was founded on a sacred promise of equal treatment under the law; yet, even today, we still fall short. When we allow some Americans to be fired from their job because of who they love, when we deny access to public accommodations because of who you are, when we fail to end legalized discrimination in businesses and hospitals and homeless shelters, when we set policies that treat an entire community as less worthy of our protection, then we cannot be surprised when that prejudice takes root across the country and rears its head with gruesome, gutwrenching consequences. Bigotry begets violence. This is a lesson our country has learned time after time at tremendous human cost. Today, if we are serious about responding to hate, then we have to dismantle the policies within our Federal Government that give it cover. f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FARM CREDIT SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROSS) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Farm Credit System. Established by Congress in 1916, Farm Credit’s mission is to provide a reliable source of credit for United States farmers. At the time of Farm Credit’s creation, credit was virtually unaffordable or inaccessible in rural areas. Over the next 100 years, Farm Credit helped our Nation’s farmers survive the Great Depression, feed a country during World War II, and survive nearly two decades of a farm crisis. Today Farm Credit provides more than onethird of the credit needed by those living and working in rural America. In my home State of Florida, Farm Credit is the largest single lender to agriculture. It is made up of people like a good friend of mine, Al Bellotto, a World War II hero who survived Iwo Jima and Okinawa, came back home and served for 35 years as the chairman of the Farm Credit of Central Florida and is now a chairman emeritus and member of Florida’s Agricultural Hall of Fame. It is people like him who make sure that Farm Credit is dedicated to the people and to the business of agriculture, the heart and lifeblood of the United States. It is my hope that the Farm Credit System will continue to support our Nation’s great farmers, that our agricultural industry will thrive, and in 100 years a future Representative of central Florida will be on this floor celebrating Farm Credit’s 200th anniversary. Happy anniversary, Farm Credit. 
TRAGEDY HAS ONCE AGAIN STRUCK OUR NATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, this week tragedy once again struck our Nation when the deadliest mass shooting in American history occurred in an LGBT nightclub in Orlando early Sunday 
morning, leaving 49 people dead and more than 50 wounded. Our hearts go out to the victims and their families. So many young people in the prime of their lives were senselessly murdered. It is hard to make sense of it all, but there are three aspects of this tragedy that I want to address today: First, the fact that the shooter pledged allegiance to ISIS is deeply disturbing. We need to follow every lead and find out if he did, indeed, have any connection to ISIS or any other terrorist group. We must pursue those who may have inspired him, trained him, or assisted him in his deadly act, and we must take action to prevent others from being radicalized and turned into deadly killing machines. Second, we must acknowledge that this was a hate crime targeted at the LGBT community. The killer didn’t pick his target randomly. He sought out gay, young men in a club environment where they felt safe, where they felt a sense of community and acceptance, and he sought to shatter their world and terrorize and intimidate the LGBT community. I have worked with my friends in the LGBT community for a very long time, and one thing I am sure of is that they will not be intimidated; they will not be beaten down; they will not be forced into hiding; they will not be silenced. The community is strong, it is united, and it is unashamed. The LGBT community will come together to honor the dead and then will keep educating, keep advocating, keep mobilizing for a more fair, a more just society where no one has to live in fear because of who they are or whom they love. Third, it is clear that far fewer people would have been killed or wounded if the attacker had not had access to a deadly assault weapon. Once again, the necessity of controlling access to militarystyle assault weapons, whose only purpose is to kill large numbers of people as quickly and efficiently as possible, is made tragically clear. Our refusal to ban assault weapons makes this House complicit in this and every other mass murder that we now see on a regular basis. This Chamber is drenched in blood. We must cleanse it. We must pass the longpending legislation to reinstitute the assault weapon ban. We ban machine guns, and we had an assault weapon ban not that long ago, so it is not a radical proposal. It is not counter to the Second Amendment. It is just common sense. And yet, President George W. Bush let the ban expire, and Republicans in Congress have acted repeatedly to prevent even our consideration of renewing the ban. Every Member of Congress who has refused to support renewing the ban should be forced to answer to their constituents, to their country, and to the countless victims and their families who have suffered so much heartbreak due to gun violence. How can you allow such carnage to go unchecked? How can you do nothing in the face of so much pain? Why won’t you stand up to the NRA and at least take the basic step to prevent mass murder? Why won’t you ban people on the terrorist watch list from purchasing assault weapons? If someone is too dangerous to permit to fly, certainly he or she is too dangerous to permit to buy assault weapons. And yet this Congress has done nothing except hold repeated moments of silence. That is not enough. This silence, combined with this inaction, makes hypocrites of us all. The American people are baffled by our silence. They demand more. They demand action, action to combat hate, to protect the LGBT community, and to control access to deadly weapons to prevent murderers and lunatics from getting assault weapons. If the leadership of this Congress won’t take action, then it ought to be replaced by a leadership that will. 
b1045 A DEDICATED EDUCATOR TO RETIRE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge Minnesota State Colleges and Universities chancellor Steven Rosenstone’s upcoming retirement, and I thank him for his years of serving our State’s higher education system. Steven has dedicated his entire life to education, which began when he received his own degree from Washington University and a master’s degree from the University of California, Berkeley. From there, he went on to teach political science at Yale University, and later at the University of Michigan. In 1996, Steven came to Minnesota to serve as the dean of the College of Liberal Arts, where his hard work and vision ultimately led him to being named the chancellor of Minnesota State Colleges and Universities in February of 2011. During his time as the head of Minnesota’s State schools, Steven implemented numerous policies that ensured a better and more affordable education for Minnesotans. Thank you, Steven, for dedicating your life to helping others pursue their goals through education. We wish you a happy and restful retirement. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 150th birthday of a fantastic Minnesota company, General Mills. In 1866, Cadwallader Washburn started a mill that would eventually become General Mills. Located on the mighty Mississippi, the mill was the largest mill west of the Mississippi, causing the locals to name it ‘‘the pride of Minneapolis.’’ Throughout the years, the company flourished, even through the hardest of times. During the Great Depression, while many other companies went under, General Mills thrived, creating popular products like Kix and Bisquick. General Mills not only succeeded during these times, but extended a helping hand when it was needed. During World War II, 9 out of 10 employees worked on projects so vital to the war effort that armed guards patrolled the company. Today, General Mills successfully markets many popular brands like Betty Crocker and HaagenDazs, creating jobs and making a major contribution to the great State of Minnesota and this country. I would like to thank General Mills for feeding the Nation, and I wish them a happy 150th birthday. Here’s to 150 more years of success. HONORING ST . CLOUD STATE UNIVERSITY ’S 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of St. Cloud State University president, Earl Potter, who was tragically killed in a car accident last night. Earl was one of Minnesota’s best and brightest educators, and he dedicated his entire life to this Nation’s students, most recently serving Minnesota’s Sixth District at St. Cloud State University. He brought innovation and positive change to St. Cloud State University over the past decade, preparing his students for life after college. Not only was Earl Potter committed to the students within the St. Cloud community, but he dedicated his time and energy to serving the greater St. Cloud community and Minnesota as a whole. He served on the St. Cloud Area Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, United Way of Central Minnesota Board of Directors, Greater St. Cloud Development Corporation, and the Minnesota National Guard Senior Advisory Task Force, among many others. Earl’s service extended well beyond the borders of our great State of Minnesota as well as with his service on nearly a dozen national academic boards. He was passionate about the universities he represented, the students he served, and the communities in which he lived. We have suffered a huge loss in the St. Cloud community, and my deepest condolences go out to Earl’s wife Christine, their children and grandchildren, and their loved ones across the country. The work that Earl has done for our community will be his living legacy. 
REMEMBERING THE ORLANDO SHOOTING VICTIMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) for 5 minutes. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, Stanley Almodovar, III. Amanda Alvear. Antonio Davon Brown. Darryl Roman Burt, II. Angel L. CandelarioPadro. Luis Daniel Conde. Cory James Connell. Tevin Eugene Crosby. Deonka 
Deidra Drayton. Leroy Valentin Fernandez. Simon Adrian Carrillo Fernandez. Mercedez Marisol Flores. Peter O. GonzalezCruz. Juan Ramon Guerrero. Paul Terrell Henry. Frank Hernandez. Miguel Angel Honorato. Javier JorgeReyes. Jason Benjamin Josaphat. Eddie Jamoldroy Justice. Anthony Luis Laureanodisla. Christopher Andrew Leinonen. Alejandro Barrios Martinez. Juan ChevezMartinez. Brenda Lee Marquez McCool. Gilberto Ramon Silva Menendez. Oscar A. AracenaMontero. Kimberly Morris. Akyra Monet Murray. Luis Omar OcasioCapo. Geraldo A. OrtizJimenez. Eric Ivan OrtizRivera. Joel Rayon Paniagua. Jean Carlos Mendez Perez. Enrique L. Rios, Jr. Jean C. Nives Rodriguez. Xavier Emmanuel Serrano Rosado. Christopher Joseph Sanfeliz. Yilmary Rodriguez Solivan. Edward Sotomayor, Jr. Shane Evan Tomlinson. Martin Benitez Torres. Jonathan Antonio Camuy Vega. We will never forget. And while we mourn your loss, your memory will inspire us to fight for change. 
TIME FOR ACTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) for 5 minutes. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because thoughts and prayers are not enough. It is time for action. The hateful terrorist attack targeting America’s LGBT community in Orlando is another reminder to come together and work across party lines to root out terrorism, prevent gun violence, and put an end to bigotry of all kinds. An attack on one American is an attack on all of us. We cannot allow partisanship to define this debate. We must take decisive and united actions to ensure that nothing like the attacks on Orlando, Paris, Newtown, or San Bernardino ever happen again. Congress should immediately move forward and pass the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act. This commonsense bill would prohibit suspected terrorists from possessing guns or explosives. Keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of people who wish to do our country harm is a solution that we should all be able to get behind. The hateful attack in Orlando also reminds us once more of the growing threat of ISISinspired radical Islamic terrorist on U.S. soil is real and cannot be ignored or downplayed. Congress must reassert leadership in the fight against ISIS by passing legislation to hold the President accountable for developing a comprehensive plan to destroy ISIS. Through congressional oversight hearings, we must also ensure that Federal agencies and local law enforcement are effectively communicating with each other to identify international and homegrown terror threats through both traditional security approaches and social media. Internationally, Congress must act to cut off sources of funding to other radical Islamic terror groups by restoring crippling sanctions on Iran. The recent agreement, which, frankly, shipped billions of dollars to the world’s largest state sponsor of terror while helping finance organizations like Hamas and Hezbollah, is simply unacceptable. At home, we cannot allow the tired, partisan bickering to distract us from the difficult but necessary work of preventing gun violence. We need to bridge the partisan divide and put the best interests of our country before politics. A good first step is the legislation that I helped introduce with former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords to require universal background checks on firearm purchases. The vast majority of the American people support this commonsense idea, and it is past time Congress moves forward with this proposal that will keep more people safe. We also need to improve communications so that local law enforcement is notified when someone attempts to purchase a gun and fails a required background check. My colleague, Congressman MIKEQUIGLEY , introduced a commonsense bill to make this fix, which I strongly support. Other important efforts to prevent gun violence include my bill with Congresswoman DEBBIE DINGELL to prevent domestic abusers from being able to purchase weapons. This proposal would help, again, prohibit firearm trafficking used to evade background checks, and also, a longoverdue increase in mental health resources. In short, there are numerous commonsense proposals, Mr. Speaker, that will keep guns out of the hands of those that should not have them while protecting our Second Amendment rights. It is time that we take action. Mr. Speaker, there is no quick and easy solution to all the problems underscored by the Orlando terrorist attack, but if we are able to set aside partisan differences and unite in the best interests of our Nation, we can make serious strides in the ongoing efforts to keep Americans safe and prevent future atrocities. 
WE ARE ALL ORLANDO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I went down to the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village in New York City, where the modern gay rights movement really began. I went there to leave some flowers in honor of those members of the LGBT community who lost their lives in the massacre—the worst mass shooting in American history—at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida. While I stood there in solidarity with a somber crowd of allies and members of the LGBT community, it occurred to me that, just as the events at Stonewall were a turning point in the gay rights movement, this horrific attack in Orlando may serve as a turning point of its own because it is time for all of us to stand up together and say: Enough. We will not be silent. This madness must end. And make no mistake, it is utter madness that a man with a history of domestic violence, a man who had been investigated by the FBI for his possible ties to terror, could buy an assault weapon as easily as he could buy an aspirin. In the Pulse massacre, this man armed with an AR–15 militarytype assault rifle, a weapon that he bought legally, killed 49 people and injured 50 more. b1100 Earlier, at an elementary school in Connecticut, another madman with an AR–15style assault weapon killed 26 children and their teachers. And in a theater in Aurora, Colorado, one man with one AR–15 assault weapon killed 12 and wounded 70. In each of these mass casualty events, it took one gun and one man to brutally take so many innocent lives. In each case, the gun was an assault weapon. Assault weapons are designed to do one thing very well, and that is to kill people very rapidly. They aren’t used for hunting. They aren’t used for self defense. They are used as weapons of war. So why is it so easy for people to purchase them and hurt others? That is why, in 1994, three United States Presidents—President Ford, President Carter, and President Reagan—all signed a letter to the House of Representatives calling for a Federal ban on militarystyle assault weapons. I will place their meaningful letter into the RECORD . 
MAY3, 1994. TOMEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES : We are writing to urge your support for a ban on the domestic manufacture of militarystyle assault weapons. This is a matter of vital importance to the public safety. Although assualt weapons account for less than 1% of the guns in circulation, they account for nearly 10% of the guns traced to crime. Every major law enforcement organization in America and dozens of leading labor, medical, religious, civil rights and civic groups support such a ban. Most importantly, poll after poll shows that the American public overwhelmingly support a ban on assault weapons. A 1993 CNN/USA Today/Gallup Poll found that 77% of Americans support a ban on the manufacture, sale, and possession of semiautomatic assault guns, such as the AK– 47. The 1989 import ban resulted in an impressive 40% drop in imported assault weapons traced to crime between 1989 and 1991, but the killing continues. Last year, a killer armed with two TEC9s killed eight people at a San Francisco law firm and wounded several others. During the past five years, more than 40 law enforcement officers have been killed or wounded in the line of duty by an assault weapon. 
While we recognize that assault weapon legislation will not stop all assault weapon crime, statistics prove that we can dry up the supply of these guns, making them less accessible to criminals. We urge you to listen to the American public and to the law enforcement community and support a ban on the further manufacture of these weapons. Sincerely, GERALD R. F ORD. JIMMY CARTER . RONALD REAGAN . 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. That same year, I voted for a Federal Assault Weapons Ban signed into law by President Clinton that also banned massacresized magazines. Unfortunately, this ban expired in 2004, and Congress, under pressure from the NRA, has since refused to reauthorize it, even when facts show that reauthorizing it would save lives. It should come as no surprise that, of the 10 mass shooting incidents in the United States, 7 of them involved the use of an assaultstyle rifle. That is why I fully and wholeheartedly support the commonsense proposal to reinstate a Federal ban on the sale and manufacture of assault weapons and massacresized magazines, and that is why so many Members of Congress have introduced—on both sides of the aisle—commonsense gun reform bills. And let’s be clear. These measures are not some kind of assault on Second Amendment freedoms for hunters or those who wish to have a gun for self protection. The assault ban is a limited, commonsense measure to help keep people safe. It is time for us to stand up together and to pass these commonsense bills because this time #WeAreAllOrlando. 
RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE AND IMPACT OF SMALL BUSINESSES ON OUR NATION’S ECONOMY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the importance and the impact that small businesses have on our Nation’s economy. Last month, we celebrated National Small Business Week in order to recognize the hard work and dedication of the estimated 28 million smallbusiness owners who provided 48 percent of the private sector job workforce here in the United States while also representing 99.7 percent of all businesses with employees. It is without a doubt that small businesses are the backbone of our Nation’s economy. I greatly appreciate each and every smallbusiness owner across this country who devotes their time, their passion, and their financial resources to ensure that small businesses are successful. For these individuals, Small Business Week is every week of the year. As a former smallbusiness owner of 20 years, I understand what it takes to build a successful small business while ensuring that our customers receive the products and service they expect and our employees are provided for. It wasn’t always easy as a smallbusiness owner, but having the opportunity to employ hundreds of employees over the years is an experience I would never trade. Over the last 17 months, I have had the great privilege of touring numerous small businesses within my district, where I have had the opportunity to speak to the employees that see firsthand what business does as it contributes to our economy. From the smallbusiness barber shop to a tortilla chip factory, it has always amazed me to see the enthusiasm that exists when the smallbusiness owners work sidebyside with their employees. It is for this reason that small businesses are the backbone of our economy. It is my honor to recognize outstanding individuals who received the award on May 4 in Las Vegas during the 2016 SBA Small Business Award luncheon. These individuals serve their community as a current smallbusiness owner or provide services for small businesses. Receiving the Small Business Person of the Year Award was Bradley Burdsall, owner of six restaurants in southern Nevada named The Egg Works and the Egg & I, with his newest location just recently opening in Nevada’s Fourth Congressional District. Mr. Burdsall’s company has seen tremendous growth and expansion over the past 18 years, including being featured in USA Today and on the Food Network. I congratulate Bradley Burdsall on being awarded the 2016 SBA Small Business of the Year for Nevada. Receiving the Veteran Owned Business of the Year award was Robert D. Daniel, the owner of PrideStaff Las Vegas. Prior to starting the PrideStaff Las Vegas location, Mr. Daniel spent 30 years in the field of employee management, including holding executive positions with IBM, Fuji USA, Western Electronics, and MicronPC. With this valuable managerial experience along with his service in the United States Air Force and as a Vietnam veteran, Mr. Daniel has built a company that greatly benefits southern Nevada by providing businesses with temporary employees. I congratulate Robert D. Daniel on being awarded the 2016 SBA Veteran Owned Business of the Year for Nevada. Receiving the Small Business Advocate Lifetime Achievement Award was Bob Cushman, who has volunteered his time as a SCORE Las Vegas counselor and a mentor since 1998. With decades of experience, Mr. Cushman has used his invaluable knowledge to counsel 3,000 small businesses in southern Nevada. Mr. Cushman’s dedication to the small business community has been a valuable asset to southern Nevada, so I congratulate Mr. Cushman on being awarded the 2016 SBA Small Business Advocate Lifetime Achievement Award. Receiving the Women’s Business Advocate of the Year was Leanna Jenkins, director of the Nevada Women’s Business Center. Ms. Jenkins has spent years working in the small business community to provide smallbusiness owners with the educational and financial resources necessary to succeed, especially for women and minority owned businesses. Ms. Jenkins has made a tremendous impact within the smallbusiness community of southern Nevada, so I congratulate Ms. Leanna Jenkins for being awarded the 2016 SBA Women’s Business Advocate of the Year Award for Nevada. Again, I would like to thank these award winners and all smallbusiness owners for what they do on a daily basis to provide their employees with a job, their customers with a great product or service, and contribute to the American economy. Small businesses are the true economic engines of this country. f 
YOU ARE NOT ALONE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is always a preeminent privilege to stand in the well of the Congress of the United States of America. I never take for granted the opportunity that has been afforded me by my constituents, as their representative, to be here and stand and speak on their behalf. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say that this day is Flag Day. It is the day that the flag was adopted, June 14, 1777, and I am honored tonight to make additional comments about Flag Day. But this is a day that we honor the flag of the United States of America. On this day when we will honor the flag of the United States of America, this evening, after the first votes, we will also bring to the floor the LGBTQ Pride Month resolution. We are bringing this resolution to the floor, notwithstanding things that have occurred, because we would not want the dastardly deeds of one to prevent us from commemorating the accomplishments of the many. The resolution will be brought to the floor, and those Members of Congress who consider themselves allies of the LGBTQ community, please come. This will afford you an opportunity to speak of your concern and to express your love for the LGBTQ community. Allies of the community should come to the floor. This will be a great opportunity, and we ask that you preface your statements, let your preamble be ‘‘you are not alone.’’ This is an opportunity for those of us who are allies of the community to make it clear, perspicuously so, that this community is not alone; that they 
have friends; that they have people who will stand with them, even in the darkest hour; even when they walk through the valley of the shadow of death, there are friends who will stand with them. They are not alone. Come to the floor, if you choose, and make your statements known. I do this because I understand that this opportunity to stand here is not something that I enjoy because I am so smart. There are people who lived and some who died so that I might stand in the well of the Congress of the United States of America on this day. And because they did, it is worthy of mentioning that there were people other than African Americans who participated in my liberation. Schwerner and Goodman died fighting for the rights of African Americans. They were not Black. John Shillady died in Austin, Texas, a field marshal for the NAACP. He was not Black. When Rosa Parks went to jail, Virginia Durr and her husband, attorney Clifford Durr, along with Mr. Nixon, who was the thenpresident of the NAACP, posted her bail. Mr. Nixon was African American; the Durrs were not. So it is important for those of us who have benefited from the goodness, the goodwill of others, to pay that debt we owe. This is an opportunity to make another installment on the debt that we owe as a result of others standing up for us. We were not alone, and the LGBTQ community should not be alone and is not alone. So, tonight, we invite Members to come to the floor and to preface your statements with ‘‘you are not alone’’ and to let people know that you stand with the community in this time of great sadness, of great sadness. But, also, speak of some of the good things that have occurred. We can talk of how the Supreme Court has made a significant difference, not only for this time but for all time, for people, because the Constitution of the United States was not written for Democrats or Republicans. It wasn’t written for conservatives or liberals. It wasn’t written for people of a certain hue. It wasn’t written for people of a certain religion. It was written for the people of the United States of America, and that includes the LGBTQ community. I thank you for the time. This is a to becontinued moment. First hour after votes, to be continued. God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. And I pledge allegiance to the flag and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, with liberty and justice for all, and that includes the LGBTQ community. 
CI REALIGNMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, when most folks hear or think about the Internal Revenue Service, I am sure they probably think about the April 15 deadline. Maybe they even think about the prospects of an audit, or, in most cases, I imagine people are thinking about and wondering, you know, when is their tax refund going to be delivered? b1115 Or perhaps their minds might jump to the scandals that have plagued the IRS, from the targeting of conservative groups to the IRS’ failures to keep track of employee emails. Whatever the case, Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe most people would immediately associate the IRS as a Federal law enforcement agency. However, the IRS is, in fact, home to our Nation’s sixth largest law enforcement agency. It is called the IRS Criminal Investigation, or CI, for short. CI was originally known as the IRS Intelligence division, and it was formed in 1919 to combat widespread corruption and organized crime. A great example of that from the early days is the investigation and conviction of Al Capone. Now, today, CI is solely responsible for the enforcement of criminal violations of our Nation’s tax laws and shares jurisdiction over violations of money laundering and bank secrecy laws. In addition, CI has also become an indispensable tool used in the investigation of terror financing cases and works jointly with many of our other Federal law enforcement agencies. Now, Mr. Speaker, I was a United States attorney for a number of years, and I have had the privilege of working with many CI special agents and personally know the value of their unmatched financial investigatory abilities. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the IRS’ mismanagement of CI and their inability to prioritize CI’s needs has caused a troubling drop in the number of CI special agents and staff. This, in turn, has led to a reduction in the number of CI’s investigations and convictions at a time when offenses such as identity theft, money laundering, tax fraud, and terror financing are all on the rise. These resource decisions, along with an organizational and reporting structure at the IRS that is poorly suited to oversee a Federal law enforcement agency, have demonstrated that the IRS is illequipped to effectively support and manage CI. Mr. Speaker, simply put, we need to be placing a premium on the world class financial investigations CI carries out each day. This is why, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have recently introduced the CI Realignment Act. This legislation, which I am pleased is supported by the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, will create a new Bureau of Criminal Investigation within the Department of the Treasury by transferring CI out of the IRS. Mr. Speaker, first and foremost, this legislation is about law enforcement. It is about the dedicated personnel at CI that work in offices across the country and, indeed, across the world. While this House will continue to have discussions and consider necessary reforms and legislation to right the ship over at the IRS, the CI Realignment Act is concerned with creating a clear distinction between the civil IRS function and the Federal law enforcement agency charged with criminal enforcement of our Nation’s laws. Most importantly, Mr. Speaker, my legislation will remove CI from the bureaucracy of the scandalridden IRS and allow for an increased focus on law enforcement. Mr. Speaker, it is clear that the IRS urgently needs to address their shortfalls in many areas, from consumer service to data protection. Let’s make certain that they do not further impede the critical work of our Nation’s top financial investigators while they try to figure out how to run the IRS. f 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY UNITED STATES ARMY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on this day 241 years ago, the Congress adopted the American Continental Army. This Congress resolved to raise six companies of expert riflemen and to march and join the Army near Boston. Our Army was born in war, and to this day, it has continued its service in the defense of American liberty. Our six companies have grown to over 1 million strong. Our AllVolunteer force continues to be the example around the world, producing an image of American idealism and vision and a culture of soldiers that fight for country, the Constitution, and their fellow man. General George Washington, during one of the Army’s first battles at the 1775 Siege of Boston, articulated how I feel about the Army: ‘‘Your exertions in the cause of freedom, guided by wisdom and animated by zeal and courage, have gained you the love and confidence of your grateful countrymen; and they look to you, who are experienced veterans, and trust that you will still be the guardians of America.’’ These past 241 years have tried and tested our Army, from the fields of France to the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan. Today our soldiers are deployed in over 140 countries. Representing Fort Hood, I am aware that Fort Hood soldiers are deployed in Afghanistan and Korea in the defense of our American security. Every day I am reminded of what our men and women in uniform and their families do to protect what we hold special. With all the focus on weapons, programs, and initiatives, it is easy to forget that the Army is about people. Looking to God, I am reminded of Isaiah 6:8: ‘‘Then I heard the voice of the Lord saying, ‘Whom shall I send? And 
who will go for us?’ And I said, ‘Here am I. Send me.’’’ On this 241st year of our Army’s founding, I want to be one of the first to wish our United States Army the best and to say thank you and happy birthday. If you see a soldier anywhere today, wish the Army a happy birthday. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Reverend Al Riddley, The Springs of Bonita Church, Bonita Springs, Florida, offered the following prayer: Dear God, grant us the wisdom and vision to comprehend the common belief that all people shall know peace as well as justice, righteousness, freedom, and security, with equity for every culture, color, and commitment. Remind us of the past victories while recognizing the present challenges so as to strengthen our future as a country. Lord, on this Flag Day, as it is honored and displayed around the world, may we take pride as Americans in being reminded of the significance of our democracy. Give guidance to us as we are diligent in our responsibilities as citizens to guarantee that freedom is enjoyed by all who claim this country as home. In our Allegiance, we witness to ‘‘one nation under God’’ as a promise of what others in this world can yet become. For this, we Americans stand together today, proud and strong, both now and forever. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. LANGEVIN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND AL RIDDLEY The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, during morninghour debate, I spoke about Al Riddley, who is from Springfield, Illinois, which is my hometown. He also is my brotherinlaw. My sister from Springfield, Illinois, Lynn Callahan Riddley is also here. I want to welcome them to the Nation’s Capitol. Mr. Speaker, thank you very much for your courteousness to my sister and brotherinlaw. I am grateful to you. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the father of Flag Day, Illinois’ own Dr. Bernard Cigrand, on its 100th anniversary. An immigrant and a teacher, Dr. Cigrand believed his students needed a symbol to instill a sense of national identity. He first celebrated our flag’s birthday with his students on June 14, 1885, 108 years after its official adoption by Congress. Thus began his life’s work to create a National Flag Day. He wrote articles for magazines and newspapers. He gave lectures and wrote a book on the flag’s importance. Soon, schools caught on, and more than 100,000 children participated in an Illinois celebration in 1894. Eventually, Dr. Cigrand moved to Batavia, Illinois, opened a dental practice and remained passionate in his efforts. Finally, in 1916, President Wilson called for a nationwide observance. Seventeen years after Dr. Cigrand’s 1932 passing, President Truman signed a law cementing June 14 as National Flag Day. This 14th of June, the 14th Congressional District of Illinois celebrates Dr. Cigrand’s dedication to our Nation’s symbol, which gives hope and moves hearts throughout the world. 
ORLANDO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, the tragic events over the weekend in Orlando defy comprehension. There is no way that reason can underlie this staggering loss of life, for the act itself flies in the face of reason. My thoughts and prayers are with those who lost their lives and their families, and my thoughts and prayers are with those who were injured and are recovering from their wounds. This attack is the truest example of senseless violence and pure evil. Today, we mourn as a Nation because we will not allow hate to invade our own hearts and minds. America is better than that. But tomorrow, tomorrow, Mr. Speaker, and in the days and months to come, we can do something. We must do something. We must ensure that our LGBT brothers and sisters are welcomed by their communities, not subjected to discrimination. We must ensure that access to deadly weapons are sensibly controlled, and we must ensure that Congress no longer sits idly by while hate and violence continue to take innocent lives. But, today, Mr. Speaker, we pray for Orlando, though we know our prayers, our thoughts, our moments of silence, they are not enough. f 
NAVAL STATION AT GUANTANAMO BAY (Mr. HOLDING asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, last week, The Washington Post reported that at least 12 former Guantanamo detainees, after being released, had gone on to lead and participate in attacks against Americans and allied forces in Afghanistan. And most troubling, Mr. Speaker, the report noted that these attacks cost American lives. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration’s plan to shutter our detention facility at Guantanamo Bay and accelerate the transfer of detainees to foreign nations or even the United States is both misguided and extremely dangerous. I am committed to preventing the closure of Guantanamo and the further transfer of detainees. Mr. Speaker, even one detainee returning to the battlefield is too many. This administration needs to acknowledge the reality of the threat posed by these detainees and abandon their illadvised attempt to close Guantanamo Bay. 
KEEP DANGEROUS WEAPONS OUT OF THE HANDS OF SUSPECTED TERRORISTS (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, our hearts are broken, and we are angry. The deadliest mass shooting in our history, 49 young lives ended in a place that served as a refuge from hate, a place of love and safety and community. 
Mr. Speaker, when faced with terror and hatred, our Nation is tested. This House of Representatives is tested. And we are failing that test. Shame on us if we cannot close the loophole that lets people on the terrorist watch list buy AR–15s. I am so tired of the House majority’s pitiful excuses. Why does this majority allow suspected terrorists to buy guns? Why does this majority refuse to close the terrorist loophole and strengthen background checks? Mr. Speaker, I am ashamed of this institution. Let us vote today. Let us vote to keep dangerous weapons out of the hands of suspected terrorists. Let us vote so everyone can see where we stand and who we stand with. Mr. Speaker, I stand with every American who rightly believes that if you are on the terrorist watch list, you can’t buy weapons that can be used in the next mass shooting. That is where I stand, Mr. Speaker. Where do you stand? 
GOD BLESS THE FLAG AND VETERANS WHO CARRY IT (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, our veterans face many challenges when they return home from war, both physical and psychological. All too often, the latter is overlooked. An estimated 22 veterans per day take their own life, many of them struggling with post traumatic stress disorder. One Michigan veteran, Marty Wills, is embarking on an incredible journey to raise awareness about PTSD and mental health issues. Carrying an American flag, he is walking more than 1,000 miles from his home in Michigan to North Carolina. Last week, he went through several cities in my district, including Jonesville, Hillsdale, Hudson, Adrian, and Blissfield. On Flag Day, as we commemorate Old Glory and the freedom and liberty she represents, let’s also remember the brave men and women who fight in harm’s way in defense of those freedoms. And when they get home, let’s do everything we can to get our veterans the help they need for wounds, both seen and unseen. 
ORLANDO TRAGEDY (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of those whose lives were lost in my home State at Pulse nightclub in Orlando. Floridians, Americans, and people around the world are in mourning today, grieving for those young lives lost and for their families. When will this body finally say ‘‘enough’’? Gun violence is a public health crisis, and we must do better. No one needs an AR–15 assault rifle. This was the weapon of war that was used in Newtown, Aurora, and San Bernardino. We need to reinstate the assault weapon ban to reduce the chances that we have more tragedies. People on the terrorist watch list should not be able to get a gun. This is common sense, but the majority continues to block this critical security measure. I also rise to commend our law enforcement and healthcare professionals whose lifesaving work is ongoing. Acts of love like these will always conquer hate. They always have. The American people will continue to stand with our LGBTQ and Latino brothers and sisters, and we will work that much harder and that much smarter and that much faster to ensure their safety and equal rights in their communities. Love will win. Hate will be defeated. f 
FLAG DAY AND COLLIN COUNTY FLAG CEREMONY (Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in honor of Flag Day, a special day when we reflect on what our American flag stands for and how blessed we are to live in this great Nation that celebrates freedom. I believe this reflection is particularly important given this weekend’s ISISinspired terrorist attack. There are those who seek to destroy our way of life, and we must actively defend our freedom. So, as our American flag waives proudly today and we reflect on its symbol of hope, I invite Collin County folks to join me this Saturday for a special event that I will be hosting— the inaugural ‘‘Honor our Stars and Stripes’’ flag retirement ceremony. I hope you will join me for this unique program that honors our flag and our country’s unique founding. God bless America. I salute you. 
CLOSE THE DEADLY LOOPHOLE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, like my colleagues and so many Americans, I am horrified by the brutal act of terror that killed 49 people, including Tevin Crosby, a 25yearold man from my district, and that wounded so many others in Orlando. I stand with the loved ones of those lost and with the LGBT community that has suffered this unimaginable act of violence. You know, as our country works to heal from this latest deadliest mass shooting ever, Congress has got to do its job. We can act on this floor to protect American citizens by making sure that, if an individual is on the terrorist watch list, they cannot fly on a plane. For God’s sake, they should not be able to go and buy a weapon. The shooter in Orlando had been on the terror watch list and was able to go buy three weapons, including an AR–15. Congressman PETER KING of New York’s bill would stop this. I join with him, and I ask all Members of Congress, please, let’s not let this moment pass. Let’s take action. 
WESTERN NORTH CAROLINA AGRICULTURAL HALL OF FAME INDUCTEES (Mr. MEADOWS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the service of two men from western North Carolina: John Queen, III, and Don Smart. Recently, they were inducted into the Western North Carolina Agricultural Hall of Fame. As those plaques were put on the wall, it really didn’t share the entire story, the entire story of who they are and how they serve their communities so well, not only in Haywood County but throughout all of western North Carolina. These two men, whether it was with the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, both on the local and national level, or whether it was with different associations of growers and farmers and the Farm Bureau, as is the case with Don Smart, served their community and have made their community better. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to not only acknowledge their service but also to acknowledge their friendship because they have helped me understand the agriculture community in a way that profoundly can only be done by those who are in it. So, with this, we honor them today and their induction into the Western North Carolina Agricultural Hall of Fame. 
b1215 IT IS TIME FOR CONGRESS TO ACT (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for a call to action. Over 200 years ago, when our Constitution was authored, it ignored the backbone of the American people: women, African Americans, Latinos, and even White men who did not own property. However, the beauty of our Constitution and our democracy is our ability to change. The power to amend the United States Constitution is the power to protect and reflect the will of the people. Our forefathers could not anticipate the introduction of assault rifles into the United States. They could not anticipate that 32,000 Americans per year 
would lose their lives at the hands of gun violence. It is now time to act, to do the job that we were elected to do by the people of this great Nation. Since its inception, we have amended our Constitution 27 times. It is time for us once again to lead the world and put an end to these horrendous attacks and violence that we have witnessed. Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress to act. 
100TH BIRTHDAY FOR BOEING (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on July 15, the Boeing Company will mark their 100th birthday, a remarkable achievement for its employees, subcontractors, and entire community. Boeing opened facilities in North Charleston, South Carolina, creating over 8,000 jobs directly and giving back to the community as a partner, such as sponsoring the Heritage Golf Classic at Hilton Head Island. The impact of Boeing extends beyond their facility. Many of their subcontractors are located in the Second Congressional District, including Zeus of Orangeburg and Aiken, Prysmian of Lexington, Thermal Engineering of Columbia, and AGY of Aiken. Governor Nikki Haley and the General Assembly, led by House Speaker Jay Lucas and Senate President Hugh Leatherman, have recognized the important milestone by proclaiming June 1 as Boeing Impact Day across South Carolina. Congratulations to the chairman, president, and CEO of the Boeing Company, Dennis Muilenburg; vice chairman Raymond Conner; and the executive vice president, Leanne Caret. Thank you to all of the many dedicated team members of Boeing South Carolina, especially the newly selected vice president, Joan RobinsonBerry, and Beverly Wyse, who leads the Shared Services Group. Best wishes for your continued success creating jobs. In conclusion, God bless our troops and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Today, more Islamic terrorist murders in Paris. 
REMEMBERING AMIN DAVID (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a friend, a role model, a mentor, Mr. Amin David. He passed away in his home on May 21 of this year at the age of 83. He was an immigrant from Mexico, and his life quickly became the epitome of the American Dream. He came here to California, ended up being an entrepreneur and owning businesses and being such an integral part of Orange County, California. He founded, with others, in 1978, a group called Los Amigos of Orange County, whose motto was ‘‘We love to help’’—‘‘Nos gusta ayudar.’’ And help they did, no matter what. Whoever came before their Wednesday morning meeting every week would get help. He also helped a marginalized community. In a very volatile time in Orange County, the change of diversity was happening. He sat on the Orange County Human Relations Commission and on the Anaheim Planning Commission, and he was an active member of the police chief’s advisory council and helped to foster dialogue between the police and our community. He fought for marginalized communities and called out prejudices like Islamophobia and antiSemitism. He is survived by his wife and his four children. I am proud to have called him a friend. f 
CONDEMNING THE HATEFUL ATTACKS IN ORLANDO (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to condemn the horrific terrorist attack in Orlando. This tragedy is a strike at every single American, regardless of your age, race, gender, sexual orientation, location, or religious beliefs. Our hearts go out to the wounded and their families, but most especially to the families and loved ones of all who were killed. There is no room for hate in America, and this ugly crime is the result of a coward following his own hate. It doesn’t matter what the source of that hate was. It was and is an affront to God himself. In moments like this, it is my hope that we can come together as a nation and as a people instead of turning against one another. If we allow these attacks to pull us further apart, then we have done exactly what the attacker intended to achieve. So I hope every American will join me in condemning these hateful attacks and pledge to stand together in support of those who tragically lost their lives. 
IT IS TIME TO ACT (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, if I could every minute of the day offer to those in Orlando who had to experience the most horrific terroristic mass shooting in the United States, I would do so every minute of the day. I would also do so, however, for others who have suffered at the hands of those who have used guns violently and used guns illegally, for I am not ashamed to be someone who understands the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, and all amendments, to stand and say that it is immoral that this Congress does not act to move forward on securing the American people. It is important to know that assault weapons, guns have been used in mass shootings: San Bernardino; Chattanooga, Tennessee; Charleston, South Carolina; Garland, Texas; Oak Creek, Wisconsin; and Fort Hood, Texas. Mother Emanuel, of course, is Charleston, and then, of course, Newtown, where babies were murdered and slaughtered. This was a hateful crime, and more than one in three hate crimes end in violence. It was Hispanics. It was the LGBTQ community. Tell it what it is: hatefulness, terrorism. Pass the assault weapons ban now. No fly, no buy now. Time to act. It is immoral for us not to act. f 
THE ORLANDO ATTACK WAS AN ACT OF HATE (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart. This past weekend, our Nation suffered a terrible attack in an Orlando nightclub. This was an act of terror. This was an act of hate. This was an unacceptable, unfathomable tragedy. Our neighbors in Orlando remain in our thoughts and prayers. As we mourn the tragic loss of life, we must stay laserfocused on rooting out radicals in our Nation who heed the call to radical jihad and aim to harm our friends, neighbors, and families. We must provide law enforcement and intelligence officers the tools they need within constitutional restraints to prevent the spread of incitement to violence and to hunt down the radicals. Protecting our homeland should never be taken for granted. In light of this tragedy, we must unite and stand firm against the evil in the world. Orlando, we are here for you. 
CELEBRATING THE 90TH BIRTHDAY OF HUGH MCMILLAN (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, Friday is a big day in my neck of the woods. It is the day we are going to celebrate the 90th birthday of Hugh McMillan. Hugh is an absolute icon of our region and is the definition of a servant. He served our country in the military and in the intelligence community, and he served our community as the unofficial mayor of the Key Peninsula. That is evidenced through his service in the Lions Club, who each year puts on a Citizen of the Year ceremony to honor those who make the Key Peninsula a better and stronger place. In fact, he served the community so well, he was given the Service Above Self Award 
from the Gig Harbor Rotary Club. Having a group of Rotarians honor a Lions Club member is a big deal. Beyond that service to community, though, he is also a servant when it comes to our kids. He served on the board of the Communities In Schools group in the Peninsula School District and on the Peninsula Schools Education Foundation board. He writes a Kids’ Corner column in the Peninsula Gateway. Anytime there is a kid in our neck of the woods doing something cool, Hugh McMillan is there with a camera to take their picture and make them feel special. I am just very grateful for all he does on behalf of kids and on behalf of our community and our country, and I am proud to call him a friend. 
A DAUGHTER WILL NOT BE WITH HER FATHER THIS FATHER’S DAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a Texas father wrote me this week: ‘‘I heard your statements . . . about removing the socalled judge in the Stanford swimmer’s rape case. I do hope you pursue this all the way to his elimination. ‘‘As the father of a daughter that was raped a number of years ago while she was jogging at night near a college campus in Texas, I would even consider the death penalty for the perpetrator. Why? Because that is what happened to my daughter. The feeling of violation and uncleanness caused her to take her own life in later years. The judge does not know the meaning of rape and the effects it has on a female.’’ Mr. Speaker, the father is correct. Rape victims live lives of quiet hopelessness and despair. That is why the weakkneed judges like the one in California need to be removed. Sunday is Father’s Day, and I will be with my 4 kids and 11 grandkids. The father I referenced here will not be with his daughter. We must deliver justice for rape victims, daughters, and families because, Mr. Speaker, justice is what we do in America. And that is just the way it is. 
HONORING LEON LEGGETT AND HERBERT ROGERS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Leon Leggett and Herbert Rogers, two distinguished American veterans who served in the Korean war from 1950 to 1953. On June 25, the American Legion’s Post 9 in the First Congressional District of Georgia will present both men with South Korea’s Ambassador of Peace Medal. South Korea offers the Peace Medal to all U.S. servicemen and women who served in the Korean war as an expression of gratitude for their service. During the Korean war, nearly 40,000 Americans sacrificed their lives and over 100,000 were wounded. This reward is certainly well deserved by Mr. Leggett and Mr. Rogers. Making the ceremony even more unique is that Mr. Rogers and Mr. Leggett will be only the third and fourth people from the American Legion Post 9 who have been awarded the Peace Medal. I am proud to recognize these two veterans from the First Congressional District of Georgia, and I thank them for their service to the United States. f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 781 Resolved, That the following named Member be, and is hereby, elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY : Mr. Davidson. COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS : Mr. David son. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5053, PREVENTING IRS ABUSE AND PROTECTING FREE SPEECH ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5293, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 778 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OLLINS of New York). The gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. b1230 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for H.R. 5053, the Preventing IRS Abuse and Protecting Free Speech Act, and H.R. 5293, the fiscal year 2017 Department of Defense Appropriations Act. House Resolution 778 provides a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 5053 and a general debate rule for H.R. 5293. The resolution provides 1 hour of debate equally divided between the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means for H.R. 5053, and 1 hour equally divided between the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations for H.R. 5293. The resolution also provides for a motion to recommit for H.R. 5053, with or without 
The rule also provides for general debate of H.R. 5293, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for 2017, and we expect the Rules Committee to report a structured rule later today for consideration of amendments to that legislation. When Speaker RYAN was elected to preside over the House, he made a promise to return to regular order. He promised to fix this broken House by making changes to the process by which the House does business. He promised to ‘‘open up the process,’’ to ‘‘let people participate.’’ He said it would be a ‘‘relief’’ to the American people if we were to get our act together. Well, unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, we are lightyears away from regular order and have yet to get our act together. We are here on the floor of this House considering another two pieces of legislation under rules that violate the Speaker’s promise of an open process for both the majority and the minority. b1245 This week, the Republican leadership has chosen to shut down the appropriations process even further, with the majority on the Rules Committee indicating that they will issue a structured rule for consideration of amendments to the FY17 Defense Appropriations bill. Now I am saddened by the recent events that have led to the shutdown of the appropriations process, and by the fact that my conservative Republican colleagues voted down their own appropriations bill because it included an amendment to protect LGBT rights, which was adopted during consideration of the Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill a few weeks ago. But I shouldn’t be surprised. Last summer, the appropriations process was upended because some of my conservative colleagues refused to vote for legislation that banned the display of the Confederate flag. So this is just more of the same dysfunction and misplaced priorities from this Republican majority. Mr. Speaker, Republicans have yet to issue a single open rule this Congress, and we are now beginning a process that further restricts what little opportunity we once had to offer amendments under a modifiedopen appropriations process. And let me say a few words about the Department of Defense Appropriations Act bill that we are set to consider this week. Mr. Speaker, as my colleagues know, I oppose and I have been deeply troubled by these endless wars, by continuing to send tens of billions of dollars each year to fund U.S. military operations and wars in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Libya, and elsewhere. In the cases of Afghanistan, and especially Iraq and Syria, I believe that this Congress has failed in its most solemn constitutional duty to debate and approve an authorization for the use of military force. I believe that without Congress approving an AUMF, our troops should not be there, quite frankly. For me, this is not just a matter of principle, it is a matter of the Constitution of the United States and the role and responsibility of the United States Congress. It is also the duty that we owe every single one of our men and women in uniform, to either formally authorize their mission, or to bring them back home to the comfort and security of their families. Over the years, we have had a few debates on this serious issue, and often those opposed to bringing forward an AUMF will argue that we can’t put in jeopardy the support of our troops. Well, Mr. Speaker, for those Members who are concerned about cutting off funds for our troops, they must stand up and be counted and oppose this rule and the underlying Defense Appropriations bill. H.R. 5293 cuts the funds in the overseas contingency operations account so badly that it is estimated that all funds for all U.S. military engagements in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, and elsewhere will run out on or around the end of next April. Now, Mr. Speaker, you may recall that the defense authorization bill actually sets a date for this national security disaster: April 30, 2017. And while the authors of the Defense Appropriations bill are too coy to name a date, the amount of money is so limited that it is guaranteed to run out just about this time. Now the Republican leadership is gambling that the next President and the next Congress will pass a supplemental appropriations bill to fund all these wars through the remainder of fiscal year 2017, just scarcely 2 months after being sworn into office. Even I, as someone who does not support these wars, can see that this is crazy. How can anyone stand up and say that they support the troops, and then support a bill that knowingly, deliberately, willfully cuts them off at the knees at the beginning of next year? And why did the Republican majority, with eyes wide open, take such a calculated move? Well, they did it to pump up the funding of some of their favorite pet projects in the defense base budget. They stole $15.17 billion of OCO funds— that is nearly 27 percent of the OCO budget—funds that were supposed to fund our troops, their equipment, and their supplies for an entire fiscal year, and boosted the base budget. To take this hypocrisy another step further, the rule that we are debating right now forbids any amendments from being offered that would take money from the base budget and put it back into OCO, not even to fund our troops for 5 months until the end of the fiscal year. This is ludicrous. This is a disgrace. And this is just one more dishonorable act perpetrated by this Congress against our men and women in uniform. We won’t formally authorize their missions overseas, and now we are not going to fund them for an entire year. Now, the last piece of irony to this disgusting set of gimmicks is that this type of prohibition in a rule is rarely, if ever, seen. Why, you ask, Mr. Speaker? Well, because that type of guidance is generally outlined in a budget resolution. You know, Mr. Speaker, the budget resolution that the Republican leadership hasn’t brought to the House floor this year because it can’t get a consensus out of its cantankerous caucus, and can’t corral enough votes to even pass a budget resolution. Enough is enough, Mr. Speaker. We need to bring forward an AUMF for Iraq and Syria, and if we continue to fail to do so, then we should bring our troops home. If the Members of this House can sit here safe and sound, then so should our troops. And we should stop purposely robbing the funding for our troops and using that money for their pet projects and weapons systems in the base budget. Lastly, let me just say a few words about the other bill that we are considering this week, to constrain the Internal Revenue Service’s ability to enforce our tax laws and reduce transparency. H.R. 5053 removes one of the only tools available to ensuring that foreign money is not illegally spent by taxexempt groups in our elections, and I strongly oppose this most recent effort to unleash a new flood of unlimited, anonymous, unaccountable money into our political system. My colleague mentioned that this was about people being able to give freely to charitable organizations. The charitable organizations that they are referring to are groups like Crossroads GPS, Americans for Prosperity, American Future Fund, funded by—these are the groups headed by Karl Rove and the Koch brothers. The Koch brothers sent a nice letter to all of us asking us to support this legislation with one goal in mind, to basically keep the American people in the dark. They don’t want you to know all the money that is being pumped in to influence our elections and who is giving that money. They want to keep the American people in the dark. I think the one lesson on both the Democratic side and the Republican side during this Presidential campaign that is clear, people want us to open up the process. They think this process has been corrupted by money. And rather than opening up the process, this is shutting the process down, shutting transparency, and I think that goes against what both Democrats and Republicans want. I urge my colleagues to defeat the rule and the underlying legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Really quickly, on the IRS bill, it is already the interpretation of the Federal district court that these contributions should not be made public; that donor lists should not be made public because people have a right to free association and free speech. These are constitutional rights. So to argue that this information that is not allowed to be made public is somehow going to lead to a flood of foreign money, is nonsense. Also, again, I will reiterate that the Bank Secrecy Act is in place to make sure that that does not happen. So I just wanted to quickly dispel with that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), who is a distinguished member of the Homeland Security Committee. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on H.R. 5293, the fiscal year 2017 Department of Defense Appropriations Act, and to recognize the hard work that the House Appropriations Committee’s Defense Subcommittee has put into this bill. I would also like to thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and all the members of the subcommittee and the Rules Committee for their work on this bill. This legislation represents an opportunity for Members on both sides of the aisle to work together to provide our Armed Forces the resources they need to keep our country and Americans safe. We ask the courageous men and women who volunteer in our Armed Forces to confront global terrorism, and we must give them the tools to do so. This year’s Defense Appropriations bill, H.R. 5293, funds the programs that are not only essential to our national security, but critical to the welfare of our military personnel. The Ohio Replacement Program is set to become the most dominant leg of our nuclear triad and is vital to our nuclear deterrence. This bill progresses that project. Townsend Bombing Range is being expanded to accommodate the needs of the new fifth generation fighters coming online, and offers a unique training aspect for those planes located on the East Coast. This bill helps to clear up ongoing airspace concerns. The A–10s, the most lethal close air support aircraft in the Air Force’s inventory, will continue to be funded, ensuring our warfighters get the closein air operations they need. Cyber is, and will continue to be, a major issue for our military, and I commend the committee’s focus on establishing cyber protection teams and partnerships with public universities. Endstrength has been another recurring issue, and this bill provides the necessary funding to reduce the strain on the men and women who serve. Warfighters have also relied on the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar Systems, or JSTARS, for upto date information on enemy movements, and this bill ensures our legacy fleet can continue to fly until the Air Force completes this recapitalization program. Lastly, this bill also provides support to the Army’s combat aviation brigades through additional AH–64 Apache helicopters, and the Air Force’s airlift capacity is strengthened under the engine enhancement programs for C–130s. Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and the Defense Appropriations Committee have, again, done a tremendous job on making the difficult decisions to prioritize what is most needed for our Armed Forces. I commend the subcommittee on their work. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter signed by a number of reform organizations that are organized to protect the public from the big money and from foreign donations, from the League of Women Voters, to Public Citizen, to Common Cause, to the Campaign Legal Center, the Center for Responsive Politics, Brennan Center for Justice, and so on. There are many more. I want to submit for the RECORD the letter they sent to every Member of Congress saying, vote ‘‘no’’ on the Roskam bill, and vote against opening loopholes for foreign money. These organizations believe that we are opening a loophole for more foreign money into our political system. And if that is what you want, then support the bill. I personally do not, and ask that that be part of the RECORD . 
the 3 years since Sandy Hook, there have been over 1,000 mass shootings, and more than 34,000 people have been killed by someone using a gun. Every time these tragedies take place, the response from my friends on the Republican side of the aisle is the same. Thoughts and prayers are sent and moments of silence are held, but no real action is taken. In the 3 years since Sandy Hook, we have held 30 moments of silence after a terrible tragedy such as the one that just occurred in Orlando. b1300 But we haven’t taken a single vote on legislation that would help keep guns out of dangerous hands. One of the simplest solutions we have put forward to help keep Americans safe is legislation to prohibit those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list from being able to legally purchase firearms. Today, individuals on the FBI’s terrorist watch list can go into a gun store anyplace in the United States of America and buy a firearm of their choosing legally. As a matter of fact, since this watch list has been established, over 2,000 individuals on the terrorist watch list have gone into gun stores across the country and legally purchased firearms. I think that is wrong. It is dangerous, it is unacceptable, and it makes our country less safe. I have bipartisan legislation that I have offered with my Republican friend and colleague, PETER KINGfrom New York, that would prohibit those on the terrorist watch list from being able to purchase a firearm legally in our country. The American people are overwhelmingly in support of this, and if House Republicans agree that suspected terrorists shouldn’t be able to legally buy guns, then let’s take a vote. Vote it up or down, but give the American people the right to have this measure voted on. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ). The gentleman was a colonel in the United States Army, a member of the Armed Services Committee, and a great American. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague, Mr. STIVERS , for yielding time. I also greatly appreciate his work on the committee and his service to our Nation. We appreciate the sacrifices that he has rendered on our behalf and also from his family. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the House Defense Appropriations bill, a very important piece of legislation that provides the resources for our servicemen and women to defend this cherished way of life and to protect our people. We are reminded of that after this devastating terrorist attack this past weekend. Mr. Speaker, dating back to the founding, we had a principle by which we rally our national security, and that is peace through strength; that is, we look to deter potential adversaries, always prepared, in the event that deterrence fails, to fight and prevail to win and to protect our people. As part of this concept of deterrence, it is critically important at this juncture, in my view, that we provide the resources necessary to revitalize our Armed Forces. We are coming through a very long period of focus on counterinsurgency operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. Much needs to be done. I think this bill does quite a bit on that score. I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their work on it. I also want to express my gratitude for them to include the bill that I authored that deals with end strength of our Armed Forces. This is the POSTURE Act. It is supported by 52 of my colleagues. It is a bipartisan piece of legislation. In fact, I authored it with Chairman TURNER , MIKETURNER from the House Armed Services Committee, and Representative TIMWALZ, the highest ranking enlisted man to ever serve in this Chamber, a Democrat from Minnesota. This bill effectively stops the drawdown that is planned over the next 2 years. Right now we have end strength numbers that essentially match where we were on September 11, 2001. If the administration’s plan is allowed to go into effect, we are looking at handing out approximately 70,000 pink slips between now and 2018, bringing down the size of our Armed Forces. Now is not the time to be doing that, as we deal with Russia, China, North Korea, Iran, and certainly the Islamic State. We have lots of challenges out there, and if we are going to reassert peace through strength, strengthening the hand of our diplomats, I think it is critically important that we don’t continue on that drawdown of our land forces and of our forces in the Department of Defense. So I appreciate the leadership’s including this bill that I have authored with my colleagues in the House Defense Appropriations bill. It was critical that it come with the resources, because you just can’t increase end strength. It has to come with the money to do that. This committee did that, and I appreciate that. I also want to say there are important provisions in here to reassure our allies, the European Reassurance Initiative. It is funded here along with the Global Response Force, and a pay raise for our servicemen and women. They richly deserve this. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, 1 yield the gentleman from New York an additional 1 minute. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I want to say how important it is that we bring forward all these initiatives: preserving our end strength, reassuring our allies, and ensuring that the Global Response Force has proper funding. All of these, Mr. Speaker, are going to help strengthen the hand of diplomats. When you look at our strengths, they are instantiated in our founding documents. On our best day, other countries want to be like us. It is the freedom and it is the prosperity that comes from arraying power the way that we do. Of course, all of this is relying on the principle of deterrence. This bill is very important toward that end. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague and friend, Mr. STIVERS , yielding time. I urge my colleagues to support the House Defense Appropriations bill. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I advise the gentleman from Massachusetts that I have no more speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, there are 1,000 reasons to be opposed to this rule. One is that it brings forward two bills that are deeply flawed. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  The New York Times editorial against the Roskam bill, ‘‘Dark Money and an I.R.S. Blindfold.’’ 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I will read the opening paragraph: ‘‘It is plainly illegal for foreigners to contribute to American political campaigns. But reform groups are warning that the ban would be gravely undermined by a littlenoticed bill’’—which is this bill—‘‘advanced Thursday by Republicans on the House Ways and Means Committee.’’ This is basically saying that this opens up a loophole that, quite frankly, can be very, very dangerous. So I urge my colleagues that if this rule gets passed, that they would vote against this bill. Again, as I mentioned on the Defense Appropriations bill, it is a bill that is based on budget gimmicks, and it is also a bill that continues to fund endless wars without having any authorization from this Congress. We have not voted on an AUMF for the most recent war in Iraq and in Syria. I find it unconscionable that we have no problem just putting these wars on automatic pilot and having our brave men and women in uniform in harm’s way, and we don’t even have the guts to debate it. We have tried and tried and tried and tried on various bills—on authorization bills and on appropriations bills—to be able to have that debate. There is always an excuse—oh, it is a different committee jurisdiction; oh, we have to give it more than 10 minutes; oh, we have to do this, we have to do that— but this is our constitutional responsibility. We have time to vote on all these other bills that, quite frankly, are going nowhere that are political messaging pieces written at the National Republican Congressional Committee, but we can’t find the time to debate these wars to clarify what our mission is—these wars that our brave men and women in uniform have been put in harm’s way to deal with? Come on. At some point, we have to find the courage to debate this. If people think these wars are the right way to go or they want to expand Presidential authority, then that is how you do it. If people like me think our military footprint is too big in the Middle East and that we need to have a more clearly defined mission about what we are doing, then that is the forum in which we restrain these wars. But to do nothing—to do nothing—is cowardly. It is just wrong. I am hoping in the amendment process that we will have the opportunity to debate some of these issues. But if history is any indication, the answer is probably not. Finally, I am urging my colleagues to defeat the previous question. Quite frankly, instead of these flawed bills, we should be debating how to prevent more tragedies like the one that took place in Orlando. If we defeat the previous question, we will bring up a bill that is a bipartisan bill that would simply say that, if you are on an FBI watch list so you are unable to fly, then you should be unable to buy a gun at a gun store. It is that simple. I don’t quite understand why that is such a big deal. If the FBI believes that you are potentially dangerous so that they will not allow you to fly on an airplane, then how in the world can we allow that person to go into a gun store and buy a gun? And not just any gun; they can buy an assault weapon. It is crazy. We have tried, on numerous occasions, to bring this issue to the floor, and House Republicans have voted 11 times—11 times—to block the bipartisan No Fly, No Buy legislation that was originally authored by my Republican colleague, Congressman PETER  KING. Since taking control of the House in 2011, my Republican friends have drastically cut the resources available for law enforcement, slashing the COPS program, which includes COPS hiring, COPS technology, interoperability, et cetera, by 64 percent. We need to respond to these terrible tragedies and make sure that our communities have what they need to keep people safe. According to the Government Accountability Office, as my colleague from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) pointed out, more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list have successfully purchased weapons in the United States—more than 2,000. These are people who can’t fly on airplanes because they are suspected of being terrorists, but they can go in and buy a firearm. More than 90 percent of all suspected terrorists who attempted to purchase guns in the last 11 years walked away with the weapon they wanted, with just 190 rejected, despite their ominous history. This legislation that we want to bring to the floor—just so there is no misunderstanding here—was originally crafted in 2007 and endorsed by President Bush’s Justice Department. It has bipartisan support in the House and is supported by prominent Republicans and counterterrorism and law enforcement experts. Yet we can’t find the time to bring it to the floor. All we can do in the aftermath of terrible massacres like the one in Orlando is come to the floor and have a moment of silence for 10 seconds, and that is it. That is our obligation. It is awful that we can’t deal in a responsible way with legislation like the bills that I have mentioned here. I think the American people—and this goes beyond political affiliation—are getting sick of our inaction on this stuff. I should just say, if my friends are afraid of the NRA, according to a 2012 poll, 71 percent of current or former NRA members and 80 percent of other gun owners support preventing people on a terrorist watch list from purchasing guns. I don’t know what it is going to take, but I will tell you this: the outrage is already beyond description here on the House floor of people who are simply tired of our inaction. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to defeat the previous question so we can actually have a debate and vote on something that might save some lives, and also vote against the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The gentleman makes an impassioned argument, but today’s rule is about two bills. It is about a bill that will prevent IRS abuse and make sure that our citizens have a right to free speech and free association that they are guaranteed under the First Amendment of the Constitution. I thought it was really interesting that he read a portion of The New York Times editorial that is very clear to say that reform groups claim that this bill does X. The editorial writer did not make the claim that it happened or that it will happen; he made the claim that reform groups claim it will happen because the editorial writer can’t verify the validity of it, and it is simply not true. The Bank Secrecy Act will make sure, as it does today, that foreign money is kept out of our elections. The Federal Election Commission, which is responsible for enforcing our election laws, will continue to enforce our election laws. b1315 In fact, no one knows what Schedule B is used for. Today it has no real purpose. The IRS’ Director of Exempt Organizations has publicly stated that they are considering doing away with Schedule B themselves. That is all the first bill does. The second bill we are talking about is providing for funding for our troops. It is the DOD authorization for funding for 2017. The gentleman talks about some other issues, but if we don’t fund it, we are the ones doing nothing. If we don’t fund our troops, we are the ones doing nothing. We have an obligation to fund our troops to provide for the common defense. We need to make sure we do that. That is what this bill does, and I want to make sure we do that. 
I do want to make a quick comment on process because the gentleman is apparently outraged about process. In this session of Congress, the 114th Congress, Mr. Speaker, the majority has allowed 1,269 amendments on the House floor in this Congress. That is as of May—halfway through this year. In the 113th Congress, the majority allowed 1,545 amendments to be considered. When the gentleman from Massachusetts was in the majority in the 111th Congress, his party only allowed 778 amendments during the entire 111th Congress. The gentleman’s claims ring a little hollow. Maybe where you stand depends on where you sit. I will say that these are important bills. The rule will make sure that we can fully fund our national defense and make sure that we look out for the constitutional rights of our citizens. Those are two very important things. I don’t argue with the gentleman that there may be other things we want to talk about, but those things are important, and that is what today is about, that is what this 1 hour of debate is about, and that is what the 2 hours the rule provides are about. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bills. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on adopting the resolution, if ordered, and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 5049. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 236, nays 171, not voting 27, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Bass Bishop (UT) Comstock Dingell Duffy Farr Fattah Forbes Gabbard Goodlatte Granger Grijalva Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hunter Kirkpatrick Labrador Larson (CT) Lawrence Lipinski McDermott Meng Rokita Sanford Takai Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1337 Messrs. RYAN of Ohio, SERRANO, SIRES, and TAKANO changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mrs. NOEM, and Mr. JOYCE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 299, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 239, noes 179, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Bishop (UT) Dingell Duffy Fattah Forbes Goodlatte Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lawrence McDermott Meng Sanford Takai Torres Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1344 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: No on rollcall No. 299. No on rollcall No. 300. 
NSF MAJOR RESEARCH FACILITY REFORM ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5049) to provide for improved management and oversight of major multiuser research facilities funded by the National Science Foundation, to 
ensure transparency and accountability of construction and management costs, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 412, nays 9, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Burgess Gohmert Grothman Jones Massie Mulvaney Sensenbrenner Stutzman 
Dingell Duffy Fattah Forbes Goodlatte Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Meng Sanford Takai Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1351 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RECOMMIT ON H.R. 5053, PREVENTING IRS ABUSE AND PROTECTING FREE SPEECH ACT Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question on adoption of the motion to recommit to H.R. 5053 be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
H.R. 5053 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing IRS Abuse and Protecting Free Speech Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 60 minutes, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ). 
said: We don’t think we need this actually. The person who is in charge of the tax exempt unit at the IRS has publicly said they are reviewing this. If all the other claims were true—I mean, I got carpal tunnel syndrome writing down all these things: hidden money, crisis in campaigns, codify secrecy, last safeguard against foreign influence. Put up the ramparts, Mr. Speaker. If all that was true, then why would the IRS Commissioner be saying these things, that they don’t think they need Schedule B? And further, why wouldn’t the White House just declaratively say they are going to veto it? But did you notice something, Mr. Speaker? The White House didn’t say they would veto it. Why? This is a pretty good idea. Now, my friends on the other side of the aisle at this point aren’t persuaded that it is a good idea, but just because they are slow to the game doesn’t mean it is not a good idea. So why is this a good idea? Here is why. The IRS in the past has demonstrated they have leaked this information. When did they do it? They leaked it in the case of the National Organization for Marriage, a group that was advocating for traditional marriage. They filed their Schedule Bs. Lo and behold, an IRS employee leaked it. Out it goes. You can imagine the donor harassment, the hassle, and so forth. So the IRS’ hands in the past, Mr. Speaker, are not exactly clean when it comes to holding this information close. The National Governors Association also was similarly situated. All right, that is the first reason. The second reason is the IRS acknowledges that they don’t need this to administer the Tax Code. They don’t need it. What is their job? Their job is to administer the Tax Code. They don’t need it to administer the Tax Code. Finally, we on the Subcommittee on Oversight and those of us on the Committee on Ways and Means know all too well that the IRS is very poorly equipped right now, Mr. Speaker, to deal with cybersecurity issues and identity theft issues. So my final point is this: the IRS has demonstrated an inability to hold this information in the past. They have demonstrated an inability to hold it in the future. And they don’t need it. So if they don’t need it, let’s not give it to them. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), a member of our committee. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on why this is a bad idea. We have seen in recent years a proliferation of political groups claiming tax exempt social welfare. You know how many groups in the past 5 years have claimed that? That is the status as a means to hide the identities of their donors. Can’t put it any more elementary than that. Now, that is the very law my friend from Illinois—and I mean that seriously—the very law that he is talking about. These groups offer a back door into unrestricted spending on political speech, often in the form of advertising meant to influence elections. I don’t think we would disagree on that point. H.R. 5053 would make it easier for superPACs to spend money anonymously in support of their preferred candidates or political party. That is H.R. 5053. The bill before us today would make it easier for groups to operate in the shadows, groups like Americans for Prosperity and American Future Fund, which together spent more than $61 million in just one election in 2012 yet still claim tax exempt status. Now, I believe we need better transparency and accountability in our system. Disclosure of donors to the IRS is a minimum safeguard and a practical tool for auditing. Furthermore, requiring disclosure of donors is one of the only safeguards we have against foreign money influencing our elections. That is why so many good government groups have spoken out against this legislation, groups that promote transparency in our political system, like the Sunlight Foundation and the League of Women Voters. This bill would make it easier, Mr. Speaker, for anonymous donors to funnel dark money into groups that spend unlimited sums of money to influence elections. This flies in the face of our democratic principles. I urge my colleagues to oppose it. This isn’t about the IRS. This is about hiding who contributes and how much. The IRS isn’t for sale, but there are many buyers out there, Mr. Speaker, who want to remain unknown. You and I, the sponsor of this bill, we don’t have that luxury. We have to put down everything when someone contributes to us. You know it, and I know it. I believe the PACs should have to do that, too. Why in God’s name you don’t think so, I have no idea. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, one quick point. The gentleman said that it was a practical tool for auditing, and yet there was a lawsuit recently where the attorney general of California tried to disclose the Schedule B information. The Federal judge who struck down the public disclosure pointed out that it had not been used in a single concrete instance, not one. And, in fact, the folks in California had not had this information submitted for 10 years before they even noticed that it was missing. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ), the distinguished chairman of the Subcommittee on Tax Policy. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I want to applaud my colleague, Chairman ROSKAM , for bringing this legislation to the floor. It is an important piece of legislation, Preventing IRS Abuse and Protecting Free Speech Act. Back in 2012, when I was the Chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee of the Committee on Ways and Means, I started this investigation into the IRS’ unconstitutional targeting of conservative groups for their political beliefs. We passed some legislation back then to improve transparency and accountability at the IRS, but I can tell you much more needs to be done, and this is part of that effort to continue to hold this agency accountable. Taxpayers deserve to know whether the IRS is violating their privacy. Chairman ROSKAM ’s bill furthers that effort by preventing the IRS from targeting nonprofits by prohibiting the agency from collecting the identity of donors who contribute to these organizations. We know that the IRS can impose an audit at any time, but there is no need for the IRS to just collect all this information when they can’t even do some of the things they are supposed to be doing with the resources they have. This bill is a step toward restoring individual privacy that the IRS has been exploiting and abusing, and I think the American people have had enough. Passing this bill would dramatically reduce the information that the IRS has the legal ability to demand, lessening that chance, that potential for abuse. Specifically, the bill would limit the Secretary of the Treasury from requiring the name, address, or other identifying information of any contributor, regardless of the nature or size of the contribution, with two exceptions. We know the IRS still operates under the shadow of a scandal in which it admitted to targeting organizations based on their political beliefs. We have to get to the bottom of this. This agency has to be reined in. We need to strengthen the laws that protect American citizens’ privacy. This investigation is still ongoing. I can tell you, the IRS still refuses to admit that some of its employees engaged in intentional wrongdoing. To successfully carry out its mission, the IRS must be viewed by the American people as an unbiased arbiter of the law. It cannot do that without coming clean. H.R. 5053 is a necessary step to require more accountability and transparency at the IRS. I urge my colleagues to support us in passing this critical bill. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ), a truly distinguished member of our committee. (Mr. RANGEL asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RANGEL. My colleagues, if you are frustrated, if you are down and out, if you lack selfesteem, if you really want to get a good shot in the arm, kick the IRS. I am telling you, I have been down here 46 years. It always works. It always works. But to take away an institution that depends on the voluntary contribution of taxpayers, to take away the image of trying to do the right thing for the American people because we have had some severe setbacks, whether under 
Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. SARBANES. I am opposed to it in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. 
Mr. Sarbanes moves to recommit the bill H.R. 5053 to the Committee on Ways and Means with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Add at the end the following: 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
b1601 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) at 4 o’clock and 1 minute p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidable detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 302. Stated against: Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, during the second voting series today, I intended to vote ‘‘nay’’ in accordance with leadership recommendation on the first vote, Democrat Motion to Recommit H.R. 5053—Preventing IRS Abuse and Protecting Free Speech. I inadvertently voted ‘‘yes.’’ I intended to vote ‘‘no.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 240, noes 182, not voting 12, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Dingell Duffy Fattah Forbes Goodlatte Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Moore Mulvaney Rigell Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 5293, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WESTMORELAND ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 778 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5293. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1633 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5293) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise to present the Appropriations Committee recommendation for the fiscal year 2017 Department of Defense Appropriations bill. I would like to begin by paying tribute to those who are not with us today—our men and women in uniform—all volunteers—who serve all across the globe defending our freedom. Our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines provide the mantle of security that allows us to meet in settings like this every day, and they should never be far from our minds. Mr. Chairman, they, those who serve in uniform and their families, deserve our heartfelt thanks for their personal sacrifice. I also want to thank Chairman ROGERSand Mrs. L OWEY for their support during the process, and special thanks to my counterpart, PETE VISCLOSKY , for his partnership in this effort. I thank him for his assistance and collaboration. Mr. Chairman, our Defense Subcommittee conducted 11 formal hearings and had numerous briefings to help shape this legislation. These meetings allowed us to look in great detail into our national defense posture and the capabilities of our adversaries and our partners, and we are very concerned by what we see. Over the past several years, we have largely focused on the dangers posed by Islamic terrorist organizations—al Qaeda, barbaric ISIS, alNusrah, and others. They remain a clear and present danger. But in recent years, new threats have emerged: a more aggressive and capable Russia, an expansionist China, emboldened states like Iran, and rogue nations like North Korea. At the same time, we are dealing with fiscal constraints imposed by sequestration and budget caps. So, looking today at our Department of Defense and intelligence community, we note that our readiness levels are alarmingly low for our soldiers, marines, sailors, and airmen; our decisive technological edge over our adversaries is eroding; and our adversaries’ resolve and their capability are only growing. The bill before you begins to reverse these trends by providing more money for national security. This measure includes a total of $575.8 billion for the Department of Defense for functions under our subcommittee’s jurisdiction and $58.6 billion for overseas contingency operations/global war on terrorism funding. Our recommendation mirrors the funding structure that the House Armed Services Committee and this House approved a few weeks ago and shifts roughly $16 billion from the President’s request for OCO operations into critical investments in our personnel, training, and equipment, while 
providing a bridge fund for our overseas operations through the end of April of 2017. By that time, our new Commander in Chief will be able to assess our defense posture, reevaluate readiness levels and recapitalization efforts, and request a targeted supplemental to support our troops. Congress did a similar maneuver in 2008. I am confident that Members of this House will work in a bipartisan way to ensure that this essential supplemental appropriations legislation is passed when that time comes. Rest assured that we will never let our troops down. By providing a bridge fund to next April, our bill is able to make targeted investments in additional manning for the Army, Marines, and Air Force, more training, as well as the equipment they rely upon—all designed to repair the worrisome readiness gaps we see across our Armed Forces. We currently have the lowest manning level in the Army since before World War II, and this legislation boosts Army and Marine Corps end strength. Despite the Secretary’s assurances that we are on our way to a 300ship Navy, we now have 273 in our fleet, which is smaller than at any time since before World War I. This bill funds a significant increase in shipbuilding. Our Air Force is flying the oldest planes in its entire history, and the bill before you boosts the modernization of our fighters, bombers, tankers, and other aircraft. We are also able to increase funding by $9.6 billion for equipment the service chiefs have requested in their unmet needs list. Our investments will allow our military services to fully meet critical training requirements, such as flying hours, steaming days, depot maintenance, ground training, facilities improvement, and base operations. I also want to note that our legislation again includes $500 million to continue improvements for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance for our combatant commanders. They need it; they will welcome it. Mr. Chairman, as I close, I want to make an observation about this year’s debate. The President’s spokesman and Secretary of Defense were quick to criticize the funding structure of the National Defense Authorization bill and, indeed, this proposal, and issued a veto threat against our bill this morning. The White House and Secretary Carter have suggested we are, in their own words, ‘‘gambling’’ with our troops’ mission in the Middle East and that our approach is somehow ‘‘irresponsible’’ or, in their own words, ‘‘dangerous.’’ But what was really ‘‘gambling,’’ ‘‘irresponsible,’’ and ‘‘dangerous’’ was the administration’s decision to pull all of our troops out of Iraq and Afghanistan—against the advice of our military leadership—and not anticipate that the resulting vacuum would be filled by ISIS, the Taliban, and other terrorist groups. What was ‘‘gambling,’’ ‘‘irresponsible,’’ and ‘‘dangerous’’ was—and is— the constant changing of the military rules of engagement to meet political objectives. What was ‘‘gambling’’ and ‘‘irresponsible’’ was ousting Qadhafi in Libya without any plan whatsoever for the aftermath. Indeed, it is ‘‘gambling,’’ ‘‘irresponsible,’’ and ‘‘dangerous’’ to believe that Iran would not violate any aspects of the Geneva Agreement. And surely it was a ‘‘gamble’’ to believe that the American people would ignore the capture and provocative treatment of 10 American sailors seized by the Iranian regime last January; and surely it was a ‘‘gamble’’ that the American people would not pay attention to increased military operations in Syria and Iraq and, yes, the tragic deaths of American service personnel, if the President refused to call them ‘‘combat operations.’’ There is more happening in the Middle East today than the airstrikes against ISIS, and we need to thank those warfighters on the ground that are there as we gather here this afternoon. They are risking their lives right now—every day—and their families are dispirited because their sons and daughters are in combat and do sustain injuries while the administration hides behind semantics of ‘‘no boots on the ground.’’ There are boots on the ground. Further, it was ‘‘gambling’’ and ‘‘dangerous’’ to establish a poorly thoughtout and poorly executed ‘‘train and equip’’ scheme in Syria, or to conclude that Russia and China would not cease their aggressive challenges to American superiority around the world. My friends, one thing we can all agree upon is that the last 2 years of budget cuts, constant deployments, and new crises have only eroded our military’s readiness and capabilities. The bill before you does not gamble. It is highly responsible. Rather, our proposal wisely invests more money for our troops, more training for our troops, more modern equipment, expanded cybersecurity, more intelligencegathering capabilities, and better healthcare outcomes for our troops and their families. Mr. Chairman, it deserves your support; it deserves our support. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Insert graphic folio 739 here EH14JN16.001smartinez on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of' Defense Appropriations Act FY 2017 (H. R. 5293) 
N.at l on a 1 Guard Personne 1 , Army. 
Operat ian and ttai ntenanc€, Marl ne Corps Reserve. 
D:pe:rat ion and Maintenance, A 1 r Force Reserve. 
Un i Led States Court of Appeals for the A;med Forces 
Overseas Hum.am tari an, Dis as tnr, and C1 v ~c: Al d 
Procurement of Weapons and Track.ed Combat Vehi c! es, 
Proctwcment of Ammun.it1on, Navy and Marine Corps ..... . 
W ~ n n v • n • • v •167,485,170 
~. ~ u " ~ " •• " 173' 680' 060 
H H ~ H ~. r H H H H H ~ 
Insert graphic folio 739/1 here EH14JN16.002smartinez on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defense ApprQpri.::tti0!1S Act FY 2017 (ILfL 5293) 
Orug Interdiction and Counte:r ·Drug Act1 vi ties, ()of(li1Se1/ 
Tot a 1 , T1 t "l e VI, Other Depu rtmerot of Oefense 
Central IntGl "ligence Agency Retirement and Di sablll ty 
n • • • • w • • • • ~ • • 
' T n ~ ~ T ~ 0 W T 
n r 0 • 0 • • • • • n ~ ~ 
n ~ m ~ • n • • • ~ n n M 
Insert graphic folio 739/2 here EH14JN16.003smartinez on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartmont of Defe11se App:ropr~.ations Act f.Y 2017 pi.R. 5293} 
F1Sher House O&M Army Navy Al r Force transfer authority 
145' 000 ·591 > 792 +1 +1 B1 IF vs 
n ~ n ~ ~ c • • • • • • • 
Insert graphic folio 739/3 here EH14JN16.004smartinez on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of De tense Appropriations Act T FY 2017 (H. R. 5293} 
0 ff ~ • n ~ n 0 T7' 169,611 
 ~ ~ 0 T n 0 0 0 n 
T ~. " ~ " o o •. o 
r • ~ ~ • • • • • • ~ •' 
Insert graphic folio 739/4 here EH14JN16.005smartinez on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Detense Appr9priuUons Act fY 2017 ULfC 529J) 
Operat "ion & Maintenance, Army Nat1 ona1 Guard (GWOT) 
Grand Tota1, Opoeration and Ma1ntenance. (Amouhtt:o 1 n lhous<';nds) 
n ~ ~ n ~ • r " n n n n • 
112,350 +112, 350 T112 , 350 ·· 138' 019 +106, 376 t111 '754 
27' 550 +27 550 +27' 550 ···· ·4··72. 723 +14, 617 +15' 137 
5, 584' 029 +5 '584' 029 f5. 584' 029 
Insert graphic folio 739/5 here EH14JN16.006smartinez on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defense Approprl~tioros Act FY 2017 (H.R. 5293) 
Procurement of Wei;~ pons and Tracked Combat Vehi c'les, 
.OCO I GWOi Rcqui rement s ( GWDT' . 
~ ~ ~ " n ~ • n • • • • 
~ ~ m ~ n • • • "•210' 990 
~ " " ~ ~ u " " " " " ~ 
0 T n n ~ 0 0 T 0 0 " 0 R 
0 ~ 0 " 0 0 T T T T 0 
• • ~ u u u •• u ~ 
• • u ~ ~ • " " • +205 814 
" 0 n • ~ T • o o • " 
Insert graphic folio 739/6 here EH14JN16.007smartinez on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defen$c Approprlations Act FY ?017 UI.Rc 5293) 
Insert graphic folio 739/7 here EH14JN16.008smartinez on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Det~nse Approp.:r;auons Act FY 2017 (HJC 5.293) 
~ r n " " • • r v • ~ 1 ,427 '431 +609, 001 +4SO. 000 
Insert graphic folio 739/8 here EH14JN16.009smartinez on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defense Appropriations Act FY 2017 (H.R. 5293) 
Nevy transfer to John C. Stennis Center for Public 
1 t l e I Mi 11 tary Personnel . T 
r 1 tIe V Revo I vi ng and Managemant fvnds 
pharmacy /Con so 11 dated Hea'l th Plan proposals 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to begin by conveying my deep appreciation, as well, for Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN ’s steady leadership of the Defense Subcommittee. His commitment to this subcommittee’s tradition of cooperation and bipartisanship is unwavering, and it is a pleasure to be able to work with him. I also would like to express my gratitude to Chairman ROGERS , Ranking Member LOWEY , and the other members of the subcommittee for their very good efforts. Additionally, as we all know, this bill could not have been written without the dedication, long hours, and discerning and thoughtful input of our committee staff and associate staffs. The chairman has well and clearly articulated the major elements of the bill and report. Under less than ideal circumstances and unsettled conditions, he and the subcommittee staff have, again, demonstrated their talent and acumen in putting together this legislation. There are many highlights to the bill. However, I will use my time during general debate to discuss the circumstances and conditions that led to the proposal to use nearly 27 percent of the overseas contingency operations, OCO, accounts to fund base Department of Defense programs, which gives me pause as an appropriator. It was as an appropriator that I opposed the Budget Control Act of 2011 and its arbitrary spending caps that only address onesixth of the Federal budget equation. b1645 In each session of Congress, we should be making discrete decisions on how we annually invest our discretionary dollars. Setting inflexible spending targets for 10 years is, in my opinion, nonsensical. I believe we need to invest in our roads, ports, drinking water infrastructure, universities, and our Nation’s defense. We need to generate more resources, and we need to have a fulsome discussion of our entitlement programs. My assumption is that there are very few people in Congress who believe that the Federal Government is currently making enough of a longterm investment in our Nation and its interests. It was as an appropriator that I voted for the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, which mitigated the BCA caps on base discretionary funding and capped OCO spending for fiscal years 2016 and 2017. I, obviously, would have rather seen the complete repeal of the act. But, nevertheless, I supported it because it provided some clarity to the appropriations process for the balance of this Congress. As such, we were able to wrap up the fiscal year 2016 process, and with a top line number for fiscal year 2017, I was guardedly optimistic that the House would have predictability this year. The Defense Appropriations Subcommittee was far along in its 2017 process when the OCO to base strategy—conceived to placate some on other committees—was settled upon as the strategy for the House majority. While this bill technically does not violate the caps established by the BBA for base defense programs and OCO, it is hard to argue that this bill was assembled under what passes for normalcy in this Congress. And there is no doubt that the chairman and the subcommittee members and staff made smart investment decisions in executing the $15.7 billion in OCO to base funding strategy. However, I am troubled with the circumstances that compelled the subcommittee’s action. First and foremost, the fiscal year begins October 1, 2016, not May 1, 2017, and it is the responsibility of us holding office in the second session of the 114th Congress to execute the 2017 fiscal year appropriations process. In order to make OCO funding available for base programs, our bill only provides enough funding to fully support the warfighter until the end of April 2017, which is 5 months before the end of the fiscal year. This is intended to force the next administration and the next Congress to pass a supplemental in calendar year 2017 to support ongoing combat operations. It is not the responsibility of the 115th Congress to finish a predetermined fraction of our work, and we should not be dismissive of the difficulties created. To assume that there will be smooth sailing for a supplemental appropriations bill in the spring is very problematic. We do not know who will be in the White House. We do not know who will be the civilian leadership at the Department of Defense. And we do not know the composition in the next Congress. And as we have clearly seen from the Zika virus debate and, before that, Hurricane Sandy, supplemental appropriations bills are not without controversy. Additionally, in making the $15.7 billion in cuts to the OCO budget request, the committee has had to make some assumptions on the pace of combat operations between now and May 2017. While Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN exercised great care and caution, there is not much wiggle room in the interim. If the OCO spend rate were to increase for any reason in an uncertain world, Congress and a new administration would have to act quickly to pass a supplemental in early 2017. If that supplemental were not timely, the Department would likely be forced to reprogram or transfer base dollars to OCO, which shortchanges other priorities, negates the committee’s funding levels, and still requires a supplemental to backfill both base and OCO while not violating the BCA caps. Will said supplemental be funded by offsets from resources within the other 11 appropriations bills? Adding to the uncertainty, the House majority is going it alone with this strategy. To date, it has been rejected by the administration, the Senate Appropriations Committee, as well as the full Senate. While those institutions are not infallible, I fear that if the House majority insists upon heading down this path, we are looking at an impossible conference process. Putting concerns about uncertainty aside, I further believe that the OCO to base strategy abdicates our discretion—Congress’ discretion—to the Department of Defense in executing the remaining OCO funding. In order to free $15.7 billion, certain appropriations in OCO were subject to reductions. These reductions were done at the account level, not at the program level. For example, Navy O&M in the OCO title was reduced by $2.9 billion from its requested level. The Department has discretion on how to apply that $2.9 billion reduction across 10 programs under that account. I believe that should be our discretion. A final concern I have—and one expressed in prior years—is that we should eliminate the reliance on OCO funding in the first instance and shift activities to the base budget. It is increasingly difficult after 15 years of war to argue that this operational tempo for our military is a contingency and not the new normal in defending our Nation and our interests. This subcommittee has correctly begun to limit what is an eligible expense in OCO, but under the act and this latest proposal, we could take a step back. For example, this bill proposes to increase end strength by 52,000 troops above planned reductions for the Army, Marine Corps, and Air Force. The chairman alluded to it in his opening remarks. I absolutely agree with him that we need new personnel, but this additional force structure costs $3 billion in 2017. What remains unsaid is if you look out for the next 5 years, it will also increase spending by $30 billion that is not budgeted for. In closing, I have taken some time describing my concerns with the circumstances that impact less than 3 percent of the total bill. But the manufactured uncertainty introduced by these circumstances diminishes the likelihood that this committee and the Congress will complete its work on time. It is a mark of the talent of Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and our staff, their commitment to our troops and our Nation’s defense, and their seriousness of purpose, that they have done so much good to ameliorate the problems caused and highlighted in my remarks. I look forward to working with Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and the Members of this House as we advance the process over the next several days and complete the task before us. I also look forward to the debate on amendments. Mr. Chair, I would like to begin by conveying my deep appreciation for Chairman FRELING HUYSEN ’s steady leadership of the Defense Subcommittee. His commitment to this 
subcommittee’s tradition of cooperative bipartisanship is unwavering and it is a pleasure working with him. I also would like to express my gratitude to Chairman ROGERS , Ranking Member L OWEY , and the other Members of the Subcommittee for their efforts. Additionally, this bill could not have been written without the dedication, long hours, discerning and thoughtful input of our committee staff and personal staffs. I want to thank Rob Blair, Sherry Young, Walter Hearne, BG Wright, Brooke Boyer, Adrienne Ramsay, Allison Deters, Megan Milam, Colin Lee, Cornell Teague, Matthew Bower, Rebecca Leggieri, Chris Bigelow, Steve Wilson, Joe DeVooght, and Luke Wood. The Chairman has well and clearly articulated the major elements of the bill and report. Under less than ideal circumstances and unsettled conditions, he and the Subcommittee staff have again demonstrated their talent and acumen in putting together this legislation. There are many highlights to the bill. However, I will use my time during general debate to discuss the circumstances and conditions that led to the proposal to use nearly 27 percent of the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) accounts to fund base Department of Defense programs, which gives me pause as an Appropriator. It was as an Appropriator that I opposed the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA) and its arbitrary spending caps that only address one sixth of the federal budget equation. In each session of Congress we should be making discrete decisions on how we annually invest our discretionary dollars. Setting inflexible spending targets for 10 years is nonsensical. I believe we need to invest more in our roads, ports, drinking water infrastructure, universities, and our defense. We need to generate more resources, and the need to have a fulsome discussion of our entitlement programs. My assumption is that there are very few people in Congress who believe that the federal government is currently making enough of a longterm investment in our nation and its interests. And it was as an Appropriator, that I voted for the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (BBA), which mitigated the BCA caps on base discretionary funding and capped OCO spending for Fiscal Years (FY) 2016 and 2017. I obviously would have rather seen the complete repeal of the BCA, but nonetheless, I supported the BBA, because it provided some clarity to the Appropriations process for the balance of the 114th Congress. As such, we were able to wrap up the FY 2016 process and, with a number for FY 2017, I was guardedly optimistic that the House would have predictability this year. The Defense Appropriations Subcommittee was far along in its FY 2017 process, when the OCO to Base strategy—conceived to placate some on other Committees—was settled upon as the strategy for the House Majority. While this bill technically does not violate the caps established by the BBA for base defense programs and OCO, it is hard to argue that this bill was assembled under what passes for normalcy in this Congress. And there is no doubt that the Chairman and Subcommittee staff made smart investment decisions in executing the $15.7 billion in OCO to Base funding strategy. However, I am troubled with the circumstances that compelled the subcommittee’s action. First and foremost, the fiscal year begins on October 1, 2016, not May 1, 2017, and it is the responsibility of those of us holding office in the 2nd session of the 114th Congress to execute the FY 2017 appropriations process. In order to make OCO funding available for base programs, our bill only provides enough funding to fully support the warfighter until the end of April 2017, which is five months before the end of the fiscal year. This is intended to force the next administration and the next Congress to pass a supplemental in calendar year 2017 to support ongoing combat operations. It is not the responsibility of the 115th Congress to finish a predetermined fraction of our work, and we should not be dismissive of the difficulties we created. To assume there will be smooth sailing for a supplemental appropriations bill in the spring is problematic. We do not know who will be in the White House, who will be the civilian leadership at DoD, nor the composition of the next Congress. And as we can clearly see from the Zika Virus debate, and before that Hurricane Sandy, supplemental appropriations bills are not without controversy. Additionally, in making the $15.7 billion in cuts to the OCO budget request, the Committee had to make some assumptions on the pace of combat operations between now and May 2017. While Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN  exercised care and caution, there is not much wiggle room in the interim. If the OCO spend rate were to increase for any reason, Congress and a new Administration would have to act quickly to pass a supplemental early in 2017. If that supplemental were not timely, the Department would likely be forced to reprogram or transfer base dollars to OCO, which shortchanges other priorities, negates the committee’s funding levels, and still requires a supplemental to backfill both base and OCO while not violating the BCA caps. Will said supplemental be funded by offsets from resources within the other 11 Appropriations bills? Adding to the uncertainty, the House Majority is going it alone with this strategy. To date, it has been rejected by the Administration, the Senate Appropriations Committee, and the full Senate. While those three are not infallible, I fear that if the House Majority insists upon heading down this path, we are looking at an impossible conference process. Putting concerns over uncertainty aside, I further believe the OCO to Base strategy abdicates our discretion to the Department of Defense in executing the remaining OCO funding. In order to free up $15.7 billion, certain appropriations in OCO were subject to reductions. These reductions were done at the account level, not at the program level. For example, Navy O&M in the OCO Title was reduced by $2.9 billion, from its requested level of $6.8 billion. The Department has discretion on how it will apply that $2.9 billion reduction across the tens of programs under that account. A final concern I have, and one expressed in prior years, is that we should eliminate the reliance on OCO funding in the first instance and shift activities to the base budget. It is increasingly difficult after fifteen years of war to argue that this operational tempo for our military is a contingency and not the new normal in defending our nation and our interests. This Subcommittee had correctly begun to limit what is an eligible expense in OCO, but under the BBA and this latest proposal we would take a step back. For example, this bill proposes to increase end strength by 52,000 above planned reductions for the Army, Marine Corps, and Air Force. And I agree that we need more personnel, but this additional force structure costs $3 billion in FY 2017 and is paid for with OCO to Base dollars. But, we defer the tough decisions. This is particularly true when recognizing the fact that BCA caps are scheduled to lower defense spending by $2 billion in FY 2018. An increase in end strength creates a tail of spending in future years. The DoD estimates that the troop levels funded in the bill will increase spending by $30 billion over five years. That is $30 billion that is not budgeted for, but $30 billion that our Committee will be expected to pay for. In closing, I have taken some time describing my concerns with the circumstances that impact less than three percent of the total bill. But the manufactured uncertainty introduced by these circumstances diminishes the likelihood that this Committee and the Congress will complete its work. It is a mark of the talent of Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and our staff, their commitment to our troops and our nation’s defense, and their seriousness of purpose, that they have done so much good to ameliorate the problems caused by this approach. I look forward to working with Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and the members of the House to advance the process and complete the task before us. I look forward to the debate on amendments. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), the full committee chairman. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding time. 
I rise in support of this fine bill. This bill provides critical funding to uphold our defense posture, maintain our military readiness, and protect our Nation from those who would seek to do us harm. The world, of course, is changing rapidly. We are reminded regularly that we are still a Nation at war, and new threats arise daily. It is clear that a strong national defense is of the highest priority. In total, as has been said, the bill contains $575.8 billion in base and Overseas Contingency Operations funding for critical national security needs, and the health and wellbeing of our troops. The use of OCO funds in this bill is in line with the National Defense Authorization Act that the House passed on a bipartisan basis last month. This funding will provide the resources that our military needs to be successful in the fight right now, and that will improve our readiness for the future. This includes over $209 billion for operations and maintenance, the programs that help prepare our troops, like flight time and battle training, as well as base operations. The bill also includes $120.8 billion for equipment and upgrades, providing the weapons and platforms needed to fight and win in the field. And to improve this equipment, develop and test new technologies, and meet future security threats, the bill contains $70.8 billion for research and development. This will help keep our Nation on the cutting edge, ensuring that we will remain the most superior military power in the entire world. This legislation prioritizes a robust, healthy, and wellcaredfor force. In total, $132.6 billion is provided to support over 1.3 million Active Duty troops and over 826,000 Guard and Reserve troops. This wholly rejects the administration’s proposed troop reductions by providing an additional $3 billion to maintain our troop strength and fully funds the authorized 2.1 percent pay raise for our soldiers. It is also critically important that we adequately fund the qualityoflife programs for our troops and military families need and deserve. The bill contains $34 billion for defense headline programs—targeting increases to cancer research, facility upgrades, traumatic brain injury, psychological health research, and sexual assault prevention. I want to thank Chairman FRELING HUYSEN for his care and consideration in drafting this big bill. He, as well as the members of his subcommittee, have put the security of the Nation and the welfare of our warfighters above all else. I also want to thank the subcommittee staff for their expert work and dedication on this bill. Mr. Chairman, this bill fulfills the Congress’ most important responsibility—providing for the common defense. And it does so responsibly—funding those military needs that must be addressed now, planning and preparing for the future, and respecting the taxpayer by making commonsense budgeting decisions. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill to continue to protect our Nation from threats to our freedom, democracy, and way of life. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, with only the fourth appropriations bill of the year on the floor, we should not be patting ourselves on the back. Today’s bill blows up last year’s budget agreement through a gimmick that needlessly creates a funding cliff next spring. It forces the new President, as one of her or his first actions in office, to request emergency supplemental funding. The difference here is about more than bookkeeping. Sending our military men and women into some of the most dangerous places on Earth—Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria—without ensuring mission support, including to combat ISIL, or their salaries for a full year, is the height of irresponsibility. Here are some of the things that Secretary Carter has said about the Republican OCO budget gimmick: deeply troubling, flawed, gambling with warfighting money, creating a hollow force structure, working against our efforts to restore readiness, a road to nowhere, a high probability of leading to more gridlock, undercuts stable planning and efficient use of taxpayer dollars, dispirits troops and their families, baffles friends, and emboldens foes. Additionally, President Obama issued a veto threat due to this harmful gimmick. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD the President’s Statement of Administration Policy on H.R. 5293. 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT , 2017—REP. ROGERS , R–KY The Administration strongly opposes House passage of H.R. 5293, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year (FY) ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. While the Administration appreciates the Committee’s support for certain investments in our national defense, H.R. 5293 fails to provide our troops with the resources needed to keep our Nation safe. At a time when ISIL continues to threaten the homeland and our allies, the bill does not fully fund wartime operations such as INHERENT RESOLVE. Instead the bill would redirect $16 billion of Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) funds toward base budget programs that the Department of Defense (DOD) did not request, shortchanging funding for ongoing wartime operations midway through the year. Not only is this approach dangerous but it is also wasteful. The bill would buy excess force structure without the money to sustain it, effectively creating a hollow force structure that would undermine DOD’s efforts to restore readiness. Furthermore, the bill’s funding approach attempts to unravel the dollarfordollar balance of defense and nondefense funding increases provided by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (BBA), threatening future steps needed to reverse over $100 billion of future sequestration cuts to DOD. By gambling with warfighting funds, the bill risks the safety of our men and women fighting to keep America safe, undercuts stable planning and efficient use of taxpayer dollars, dispirits troops and their families, baffles our allies, and emboldens our enemies. In addition, H.R. 5293 would impose other unneeded costs, constraining DOD’s ability to balance military capability, capacity, and readiness. The Administration’s defense strategy depends on investing every dollar where it will have the greatest effect. The Administration’s FY 2017 proposals would accomplish this by continuing and expanding critical reforms that divest unneeded force structure, balance growth in military compensation, modernize military health care, and reduce wasteful overhead. The bill fails to adopt many of these reforms, including through measures prohibiting the use of funds to propose or plan for a new Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. The bill also continues unwarranted restrictions regarding detainees at Guantanamo Bay that threaten to interfere with the Executive Branch’s ability to determine the appropriate disposition of detainees and its flexibility to determine when and where to prosecute Guantanamo detainees based on the facts and circumstances of each case and our national security interests. In October 2015, the President worked with congressional leaders from both parties to secure the BBA, which partially reversed harmful sequestration cuts slated for FY 2017. By providing fullypaidfor equal dollar increases for defense and nondefense spending, the BBA allows for investments in FY 2017 that create jobs, support middleclass families, contribute to longterm growth, and safeguard national security. The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress to enact appropriations that are consistent with that agreement, and fully support economic growth, opportunity, and our national security priorities. However, the bill is inconsistent with the BBA, and the Administration strongly objects to the inclusion of problematic ideological provisions that are beyond the scope of funding legislation. If the President were presented with H.R. 5293, the President’s senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill . The Administration would like to take this opportunity to share additional views regarding the Committee’s version of the bill. Department of Defense (DOD) Reduction and Misuse of OCO Funds . The Administration strongly objects to the Committee’s proposal to substitute $16 billion of DOD’s OCO request in the FY 2017 Budget with $16 billion of unsustainable base budget programs that do not reflect the Department’s highest joint priorities. This approach creates a hollow force structure and risks the loss of funding for critical overseas contingency operations. This gimmick is inconsistent with the BBA, which provided equal increases for defense and nondefense spending as well as the certainty needed to prosecute the counterISIL campaign, protect readiness recovery, modernize the force for future conflicts, and keep faith with servicemembers and their families. Shortchanging wartime operations by $16 billion would deplete essential funding for ongoing operations by the middle of the year, introducing a dangerous level of uncertainty for our men and women in uniform carrying out missions in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, and elsewhere. Our troops need and deserve guaranteed, predictable support as they execute their missions year round, particularly in light of the dangers they face in executing 
resources required to empower and enable partners in responding to shared terrorist threats around the world. The Administration also objects to the $200 million rescission in FY 2016 CTPF resources in the bill. Both of these reductions would preclude DOD from continuing important security assistance programs begun in FY 2016. The Administration strongly encourages the Congress to provide the $1 billion originally requested to continue support for CTPF activities in FY 2017 and restore the rescinded FY 2016 funding. Elimination of Joint Urgent Operational Needs Fund (JUONF) Funding. The Administration objects to the elimination of the $99 million JUONF base funding requested in the FY 2017 Budget. This funding is vital to the Department’s ability to quickly respond to urgent operational needs. Eliminating this funding may increase lifethreatening risks to servicemembers and contribute to critical mission failures. Rapid Prototyping, Experimentation and Demonstration. The Administration objects to the reduction of $42 million from the FY 2017 Budget request for the Navy’s research and development funding to support the Rapid Prototyping, Experimentation and Demonstration (RPED) initiative. RPED is an essential element in the Navy’s strategy to employ successful innovation technologies to help pace the dynamic threat of our adversaries, more quickly address urgent capability needs, accelerate our speed of innovation, and rapidly develop and deliver advanced warfighting capability to naval forces. This reduction would render the initiative ineffective in promoting rapid acquisition, hindering the Navy’s ability to determine the technical feasibility and operational utility of advanced technologies before committing billions of dollars toward development. development. This reduction hinders the Departmentwide goal of employing new techniques to make the acquisition process more agile and efficient. Innovation and Access to NonTraditional Suppliers. The Administration objects to the reduction of $30 million for programs that seek to broaden DOD’s access to innovative companies and technologies. Specifically, the Administration is concerned about the elimination of the investment funding associated with the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental (DIUx), as well as the reduction in funding for InQTel’s efforts to explore innovative technologies that enable the efficient incorporation into weapons systems and operations capabilities. These investments would enable the development of leadingedge, primarily asymmetric capabilities and help spur development of new ways of warfighting to counter advanced adversaries. Reduction of Funds for Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction (CWMD) Situational Awareness System. The Administration objects to the reduction of $27 million from the FY 2017 Budget request for the development of a CWMD situational awareness information system, known as ‘‘Constellation.’’ The Department is developing and fielding this system in response to requirements articulated by all Combatant Commands and validated by the Joint Requirements Oversight Council. This capability is critical to anticipating WMD threats from both nationstate and nonstate actors and sharing information between DOD and its U.S. interagency and international partners. Funds were appropriated in FY 2014–2016 specifically to develop and field the Constellation system, which would be deployed in July 2016 as an initial prototype. A reduction of $27 million would effectively terminate this initiative and prevent DOD from developing a high priority capability needed to counter WMD threats. Navy High Energy Lasers. The Administration objects to the reduction of $20 million from the FY 2017 Budget request for the Power Projection Advanced Technology program, which would delay by one year fielding of the High Energy Laser (HEL) program laser and demonstration of its technology maturation. The HEL technology is a means of countering lowcost unmanned aerial vehicles and small surface vessels. Limitation on Intelligence Community General Transfer Authority (GTA). The Administration objects to section 8096 of the bill, which reduces the Intelligence Community’s (IC’s) FY 2016 enacted GTA cap from $1.5 billion to $1.0 billion for FY 2017. This proposed cap would place severe limits on the IC’s flexibility to manage resources and could compromise the ability to meet critical intelligence priorities at a time of shifting and dynamic worldwide threats, especially in urgent circumstances. This flexibility is especially important given the broad applicability of the GTA constraints to the appropriation accounts that fund IC. Availability of Funds for Improvement of IC Financial Management. The Administration objects to section 8066 of the bill, which places limits on the ability of IC to review and take action on financial management improvement measures. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence and DOD are engaged in a comprehensive review of financial management practices that may result in recommendations for changes to financial management or appropriations structures. Constitutional Concerns Several other provisions in the bill raise constitutional concerns. For instance, sections 8055, 8071, 8121, and provisions under the headings ‘‘Operations and Maintenance— Defensewide’’ and ‘‘Joint Improvised Threat Defeat Fund’’ may interfere with the President’s authority as Commander in Chief The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress as the FY 2017 appropriations process moves forward. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, using OCO for base funds detracts from the true purpose of OCO, which is to fund wartime efforts. This prevents our Armed Forces from using these funds to counter ISIL and other threats. A great deal of good elsewhere in the bill is overshadowed by this failure. I thank the chairman for his work to increase cybersecurity operations by nearly $1 billion; invest in the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance resources combat commanders clamor for; provide strong, bipartisan support for our allies in the Middle East; and finance important health initiatives that help warfighters and their families. b1700 All of that could have been done while providing certainty for troops in Afghanistan, Iraq, and elsewhere. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, how much time remains on both sides? The CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey has 17
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Indiana has 18 minutes remaining. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. GRANGER ), the vice chair of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of the FY17 Defense Appropriations bill. This very important bill provides for our national security by supporting our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines, on whom we rely to provide that security. During very dangerous times, we must ensure that the United States remains not only the greatest country in the world, but also the strongest. Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN takes the constitutional responsibility of providing for the common defense very seriously, and he deserves all of our thanks for drafting such a significant and meaningful bill. This is not an easy bill to draft. With increased threats and reduced budgets, the Department of Defense is being forced to make decisions it should never have to make. It is making decisions to align with the budget crisis instead of making decisions to protect the homeland and defeat our enemies. The military readiness accounts are an example of the shocking consequence of this budget environment. Already stretched thin by more than a decade of war, Marine aviation squadrons actually have to salvage aircraft parts from museums in order to keep planes flying. This is unconscionable. Our national security needs more. Our troops deserve better. The bill Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN  drafted takes a responsible approach in addressing these and other pressing issues. Rather than just throwing money at these crises, he exercises the subcommittee’s oversight responsibilities by reducing funding for programs with unjustified cost increases or subpar performance. This allows the chairman to redirect those critical dollars in order to increase the number of troops, to increase funding for training, and to address many of the service chiefs’ priorities. The U.S. and our allies continue to face threats from countries such as Iran, Russia, China, and North Korea. Radical Islamist terrorists, such as ISIS, continue to threaten everything we stand for. As the chair of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, and as vice chair of Defense Appropriations, I am very proud of what this bill does to ensure resources are available to counter all of these threats. The passage of this bill ensures the United States will lead in this very dangerous world. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), a member of the Defense Subcommittee. Ms. KAPTUR. I thank Ranking Member VISCLOSKY for the time. Mr. Chair, I, regretfully, rise in opposition to this defense bill—a bill I certainly would prefer to support. Surely, this decision is difficult because of the deep respect I hold for the chairman, Congressman FRELINGHUYSEN of New Jersey, and for Ranking Member VISCLOSKY of Indiana; but like this year’s National Defense Authorization Act, this bill recklessly endangers our servicemembers by severely restricting the 
financial stability, certainty, and budgeting predictability that commanders need to plan beyond next April. Over and over, our service chiefs and secretaries have requested one thing from Congress—stability and predictability in the budget so they can properly train and equip their troops for war. ‘‘Do your job,’’ they say, ‘‘so we can do ours.’’ This bill does not fulfill our responsibilities as a Congress nor does it uphold our end of the bargain with our servicemembers and their families. Instead, this bill replaces predictability with political posturing, and it replaces stability with budget shortsightedness. It places our national defense in a position of uncertainty after April 30 of 2017, and it proclaims neither strength nor vision. Thus, it shortchanges our troops who need it most—those engaged in the battlefield. This bill creates a funding cliff that sends a message of hesitation to both our allies and our enemies during a time when steadfast resolve is vital to our success. Throughout my career, I have always supported our troops and our national defense. Whether honoring veterans with the World War II Memorial or pushing for energy independence to increase security at home and abroad, our commitment to protect and defend the American people has always been my top priority as a Member of Congress. However, I can’t support a bill that causes a soldier who is deployed in Afghanistan or in any theater to wonder whether or not he or she is going to be paid on May 1 of 2017. I urge my colleagues to vote against this flawed and incomplete bill. Finally, in closing, let me extend special regards to my brother, Steve, who is as courageous a fighter as I have ever known. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, almost a year ago today, I stood on this floor to state my disgust at this administration’s plans to slash the Army by 40,000 troops and make a large, non proportional cut to Fort Hood, in my district, which is known as the Great Place and as the home of the heavy armor of the United States Army. These cuts would have a disastrous effect on our national security and would lead to putting our Army, in the words of Chief of Staff General Mark Milley, at high risk. This is unacceptable. As Members of Congress, it is our sworn, constitutional duty to raise and support Armies. This is why I am proud to support the FY 2017 Defense Appropriations bill, which pays for an increase of 45,000 active, guard, and reserve soldiers, including their training and equipping for war. I thank the committee for its continued support for Operation Phalanx, which is a proven program that is aimed at protecting our southern border—of which Texas has a lot—that remains in high demand. The DOD has received a request to execute the additional FY16 hours, and I would urge the Department to immediately take action on the FY17 hours. Mr. Chair, from the years 2011–2014, the United States cut its budget for defense by 19 percent while Russia and China increased theirs by 31 and 30 percent. Given world events and the Director of National Intelligence’s assessment that he could not recall a more diverse array of challenges and crises, it is clear that the Obama administration has failed to adequately address our national security needs. This bill before us recognizes the military’s shortfalls in modernization and force readiness. It makes targeted investments to ensure that the military has the tools, training, and manpower that is necessary to maintain peace and, if necessary, to defeat any potential enemy. I thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN  and his staff for their hard work, and I urge the adoption of this year’s Defense Appropriations bill. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK) for the purpose of colloquy. Mr. HECK of Washington. I thank the ranking member for yielding. Mr. Chair, I do, indeed, rise to engage the chairman of the Defense Subcommittee in a colloquy. Mr. Chair, I express my profound gratitude to the committee for the inclusion of report language on the bill, an inclusion which notes the contributions made to our Nation’s defense against digital threats by National Guard Cyber Protection Teams. The report language also expressed support for partnerships with Federal agencies, universities, and the private sector to achieve more effective training for missions like protecting the industrial control systems of critical infrastructure. Mr. Chair, the report language refers specifically to Army National Guard Cyber Protection Teams, but as the chairman is likely aware, the Air National Guard is also leading efforts in this area. For example, the 194th Wing of the Air National Guard, which is based in the 10th Congressional District of Washington State, at Camp Murray, has several Cyber Protection Teams with demonstrated expertise in industrial control system assessment, cybersecurity remediation, and cyber mission planning. I ask the chairman whether the language in the report that expresses support for collaborative training efforts for Army National Guard Cyber Protection Teams would also apply to the Air National Guard. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, the committee recognizes the important role of the Reserve, including the Army National Guard, as well as the Air National Guard, as a flexible and ready force that contributes to our cyber preparedness. I thank the gentleman from Washington for raising this important issue, and I look forward to working with him as we move forward with this bill. Mr. HECK of Washington. I thank the chairman for agreeing to work with me on this critically important issue as well as for his and the ranking member’s leadership on this legislation. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), a vital member of our Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair, we are considering this critical legislation in the wake of the horrific terrorist attack in Orlando, Florida, during which 49 innocent Americans were killed and 53 were wounded by a terrorist who pledged loyalty to the Islamic State. Make no mistake—we are a Nation at war with militant Islamic terrorism, and that is why this legislation is so important. It provides our brave men and women in uniform with the resources they need to defeat the enemy. For example, this bill includes my provision to speed the replacement of a critical radar system and aircraft known as the JSTARS. The technology which is stationed at Robins Air Force Base in Georgia significantly enhances the ability of our warplanes and other military assets to target enemy combatants while helping, at the same time, to protect our soldiers on the ground by detecting threats and allowing for better coordinated and more effective support. This bill also prevents the retirement of the A–10 Warthog aircraft, which is the most potent close air support platform in our arsenal and is a key tool in fighting the Islamic State. Now, with more than 100,000 soldiers, sailors, marines, and airmen in Georgia—the fourth largest military population in the Nation—I am proud to support our men and women in uniform by supporting this legislation. I thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN for his great work on this bill. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, I have long supported the Iron Dome weapons system to defend Israel from shortrange missile attacks. I voted to authorize the United States to assist Israel in procuring the weapons. I voted for massive increases in funding for the Iron Dome during the summer of 2014 when Israel was under a daily barrage of missiles, and I spoke out repeatedly on the House floor in favor of fully funding the Iron Dome. I have been lucky enough to have visited Israel many times. Four years ago, I visited an Iron Dome battery in Israel. A single Iron Dome launcher can protect a medium sized city. I am pleased that this bill includes $62 million for the program. I have offered an amendment to provide an increase in funding of $10 million, which would be sufficient for the 
procurement of an additional 500 interceptors. My amendment is designed to ensure that Israel has the means to defend itself against an increase in rocket attacks. As we all know, Israel lives in a dangerous part of the world. Since Israel withdrew from the Gaza Strip in 2005, terrorists have fired more than 11,000 rockets into Israel. Over 5 million Israelis currently live under the threat of rocket attacks, and more than a half a million Israelis have less than 60 seconds to find shelter after a rocket is launched from Gaza into Israel. Therefore, I offer this amendment in defense of the civilian population of Israel. I am pleased to hear that the amendment will be accepted. I thank the chairman and the ranking member. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, today, the Army celebrates its 241st birthday and a long, proud history of defending our great Nation. The Army and all of our military branches make up the finest fighting force in the world because of our extraordinary men and women who serve in them and because they have the tools that are necessary to carry out their missions. b1715 Just days ago, we saw a tragic and horrific reminder in Orlando that we are a Nation very much at war with radical Islamic extremists. While there may be differing opinions on what steps our country can and should do to stop attacks on our homeland, there should be no daylight between all Members of this body in our commitment to ensuring our soldiers have the resources necessary to win this war. I want to thank my friend and chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, RODNEY  FRELINGHUYSEN , and all of my Appropriations Committee colleagues for putting together a good bill that deserves all our support. I urge all my colleagues to vote for this bill and continue to support our men and women in uniform as they defend our great Nation. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ), a great member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the fiscal year 2017 Defense Appropriations bill. In a world that is more dangerous and more complex than ever before, it is critically important that we ensure our military remains the best trained, the best equipped, and the best supported on the planet. This bill takes the next step toward fulfilling these necessary goals. After years of budget cuts and sequestration, we are at a point now where we can no longer ask our military to keep meeting the needs of our Nation without providing the right amount of resources. Mr. Chairman, if we are unable to provide our troops with proper funding, I fear that very soon we will find ourselves at risk of sending our men and women in uniform into conflict without the training, equipment, or support that they need. Our brave solders, sailors, airmen, and marines deserve better. And this Defense bill does better by helping our military return to full spectrum readiness in order to properly meet the challenges our Nation is facing on all fronts and across the globe. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do what is right by America by doing what is right for the men and women who sacrifice so much to ensure the freedoms that we enjoy today. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. Vote ‘‘yes’’ for a strong American military. Vote ‘‘yes’’ to send a message to all our enemies that the American military is as strong as ever and that the United States remains steadfast and capable of defending herself and her allies against those who wish to do us harm. I thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN  and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY for their tireless work on behalf of our Congress and on behalf of the American public. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ), a key member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, since I first was elected to Congress, one of the things that I talked most directly about was the fact that if there is one thing that is so important in the Federal Government to do, it is the duty to provide for national security. The legislation that we have before us now may be the most important document that we will take up this entire year. My colleague on the Republican side, Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , and my colleague on the Democratic side, Mr. VISCLOSKY , both take their job very seriously. As they work on this bill, they work with great dedication and care, and it is a privilege to work with both of them, along with the committee staff, as they work forward to move this bill. Our men and women in uniform carry out a broad spectrum of missions. Some missions are directly combat related. Some are related to rescue. And some are humanitarian missions. Health research to help our soldiers also benefits civilians of all ages and all backgrounds. This bill specifies both the base funding and also overseas contingency operations funding in a way that meets the needs to carry out all of those missions. So I would encourage my colleagues, as we vote on this bill and as we move forward on this, to vote ‘‘yes’’ on it. We owe it to our men and women in uniform and our dedicated civil servant workforce to provide that stability and continuity and also to continue making sure that we stay the greatest and the strongest nation on the Earth. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to join with Ranking Member VISCLOSKY in taking a moment to thank the hardworking and effective staff of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense. These are truly professional men and women who work on behalf of our national security and do remarkable things for our military that serve around the world and look after the needs of our intelligence community throughout the country and throughout the world. Led by our clerk, Rob Blair, and our minority staff member, Becky Leggieri, the House owes both of these individuals a deep debt of gratitude for their hard work. Along with Mr. VISCLOSKY , I also want to recognize, the work of others on the staff: Walter Hearne; Brooke Boyer; B.G. Wright; Adrienne Ramsay; Megan Milam; Allison Deters; Collin Lee; Cornell Teague; Matt Bower; the indispensable Sherry Young, who has been upstairs and downstairs at various points doing some incredible work on behalf of the committee; and Chris Bigelow. I recognize my own staff: Nancy Fox, Steve Wilson, and Katie Hazlett. And I know that we give a shoutout to Joe DeVooght, who is dedicated to the whole process and works very closely with the ranking member. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the chairman’s remarks and would also recognize Lucas Wood, who is on our staff as a fellow from the Department of Defense this year. Also, the chairman and I express our gratitude to the associate members of our subcommittee for each of the members of the subcommittee. I do join with the chairman. I appreciate him enumerating the names of all of the staff. I would suggest, given the difficult circumstances I alluded to in my opening remarks, Mr. Chairman, they legislated this year with elegance, under very difficult circumstances and the country owes them a debt of gratitude. I appreciate the chairman recognizing them. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DIAZ BALART ), a key member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense. Mr. DIAZBALART. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the FY17 Defense Appropriations bill. I would start, by the way, by thanking and commending the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , not only for putting together a great bill 
material, equipment (including reactors), and components for nuclear research and nuclear power production. Norway has no nuclear power program, and no current plans for establishing one, but the proposed Agreement would facilitate cooperation on such a program if Norway’s plans change in the future. Norway does have an active nuclear research program and the focus of cooperation under the proposed Agreement, as under the previous agreement, is expected to be in the area of nuclear research. The proposed Agreement would not permit transfers of Restricted Data, sensitive nuclear technology, sensitive nuclear facilities or major critical components of such facilities. The proposed Agreement would provide advance, longterm (programmatic) consent to Norway for the retransfer for storage or reprocessing of irradiated nuclear material (spent fuel) subject to the Agreement to France, the United Kingdom, or other countries or destinations as may be agreed upon in writing. The United States has given similar advance consent to various other partners, including to Norway under the previous U.S. Norway Peaceful Nuclear Cooperation Agreement that was in force from 1984 to 2014. The proposed Agreement would give the United States the option to revoke the advance consent if it considers that it cannot be continued without a significant increase of the risk of proliferation or without jeopardizing national security. The proposed Agreement will have a term of 30 years from the date of its entry into force, unless terminated by either party on 1 year’s advance written notice. In the event of termination or expiration of the proposed Agreement, key nonproliferation conditions and controls will continue in effect as long as any material, equipment, or component subject to the proposed Agreement remains in the territory of the party concerned or under its jurisdiction or control anywhere, or until such time as the parties agree that such items are no longer usable for any nuclear activity relevant from the point of view of safeguards. Norway is a nonnuclearweapon State party to the Treaty on the Non Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT). Norway has concluded a safeguards agreement and additional protocol with the International Atomic Energy Agency. Norway is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which establishes international standards of physical protection for the use, storage, and transport of nuclear material. It is also a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group, whose nonlegally binding guidelines set forth standards for the responsible export of nuclear commodities for peaceful use. A more detailed discussion of Norway’s domestic civil nuclear activities and its nuclear nonproliferation policies and practices is provided in the NPAS and the NPAS classified annex submitted to the Congress separately. I have considered the views and recommendations of the interested departments and agencies in reviewing the proposed Agreement and have determined that its performance will promote, and will not constitute an unreasonable risk to, the common defense and security. Accordingly, I have approved the proposed Agreement and authorized its execution and urge that the Congress give it favorable consideration. This transmission shall constitute a submittal for purposes of both sections 123 b. and 123 d. of the Act. My Administration is prepared to begin immediately consultations with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee as provided in section 123 b. Upon completion of the 30 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 b., the 60 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 d. shall commence. BARACK OBAMA .THEWHITE HOUSE , June 14, 2016. 
b1730 GOVERNMENT OVERREACH ON SMALL BUSINESSES (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, in the last few months more than 175 Members of Congress from both parties and both Chambers have expressed concerns about the FCC’s proposed settop box rules. Even the Small Business Administration has weighed in with concerns about how these rules could burden small operators. Last month, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ) and I authored a bipartisan letter signed by 59 of our colleagues that says, in part: ‘‘the proposal threatens the economic welfare of small payTV companies providing both vital communications services to rural areas and competitive alternatives to consumers in urban markets.’’ Mr. Speaker, if continued innovation in the video industry is the goal, then this proposed rule is the wrong direction. In fact, it is estimated that this rule could cost up to a million dollars or more per system. Now, a million dollars may not be a lot to a big company, but to most of the companies in rural North Dakota, it could be the difference between staying in business or going out of business. I also have strong concerns that the proposed rules are outside the Commission’s legal authority. Instead of getting into another lengthy legal battle with Congress, I urge Chairman Wheeler and the FCC to drop these proposed rules because of the harm it could inflict on small rural operators. NATIONAL RURAL ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE YOUTH TOUR (Mr. ROKITA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize more than 1,800 youth from 47 States across America visiting our Nation’s Capital this week as part of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Youth Tour. This trip is a tradition that has continued for over 50 years. Mr. Speaker, the goal of the tour is to bring together students from all walks of life to attend meetings with their Senators and Representatives to ask us questions and witness the legislative process firsthand. I just came from a meeting with those from Indiana, and they had excellent questions of me, and we had a great discussion. These students are all sponsored by a local electric cooperative in which the student is a member or an associate member. This year, 34 of Indiana’s 38 electric cooperatives have sponsored a total of 82 students for the trip. I am proud that many of them reside in my district. I want to thank America’s electric cooperatives, and specifically those from Indiana, for working with the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association to support and sponsor this opportunity for the next generation of young leaders. f 
EQUAL RIGHTS FOR ALL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the leadership on both sides of the aisle for extending the time tonight. I am very grateful to the staffs who have helped us with the preparation for this evening’s activities. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be here this evening for many reasons. One of the reasons has to do with today being a very special day. Today is Flag Day. Flag Day is a day for us to honor the flag of the United States of America, which is one of the reasons I am wearing my flag tie. I want people to know that I am proud to be an American, and I am proud to honor the flag and to salute the flag. Flag Day is a date that we honor the flag for its adoption back on June 14, 1777. I say the Pledge of Allegiance to the flag, and I say it proudly. I say it proudly because it means something to me—each word means something to me—to pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. ‘‘With liberty and justice for all’’ are words of great importance tonight, and 
they are important because of some circumstances that have occurred in other parts of our country. We have had some tragic circumstances to befall some persons in Florida. I was reared in Florida. I went to Florida A&M University. I went to elementary school and high school in Florida. Florida means something to me, but the people there are most important, because the people of Florida are people of goodwill, people who mean well, people who enjoy themselves. Florida is a vacation spot, if you will. Because so many people come there to vacation, it is expected that they would have the opportunity to enjoy themselves, to go out and be a part of the nightlife. We have Disney World in Florida, many attractions to attract people from around the country to Florida. Unfortunately, some things have happened there recently that are going to cause us to pause for a moment as we, tonight, will celebrate, to a certain extent, commemorate, LGBT Pride Month. LGBT Pride Month, celebrate and commemorate this month. But we will also memorialize some of the things that have happened in terms of lives that have been lost. I am proud tonight to note that there will be a Member joining me who has had some circumstances occur in his State that he will call to our attention that will have to be memorialized, and persons will have to be remembered for the services that they have given, but also because they lost their lives. I am proud to ask my colleague to come over now, the Honorable JIMCLYBURN , and ask him to give his comments. He is a leader in this Congress. He is a person who stands for justice for all, as is indicated in the flag, ‘‘liberty and justice for all.’’ He stands for this. After the incident that took place in Mr. CLYBURN ’s State, I remember a lady who lost her child indicating at the probable cause hearing, ‘‘I forgive you. I forgive you,’’ speaking to the person who had committed this deed. ‘‘I forgive you.’’ She lost her child, but she forgave. But I believe that people who forgive still have an expectation that things will be done. Mr. CLYBURN , I am proud to say, is one who has legislation that can be of benefit to all. Not to some, but to all. I am proud to yield the floor now to our leader, the Honorable JIMCLYBURN . Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. GREEN for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, June 17, we will commemorate the first anniversary of what I like to refer to as the Charleston 12. Nine people lost their lives that night at the Emanuel AME Church, but three people survived: two by playing dead and a third because the murderer went over to her and said: I am going to spare you so you can carry the message. This young man who perpetrated this act did so after doing some significant research. We know that he went on the Internet, and he found the historic church that he thought would be the proper place to start, in his words, a race war. This young man was able to purchase a weapon that he did not qualify to purchase. Under our laws, he was to be subjected to a background check, and he was; except that our law has created a loophole that says, though there is a 3 day waiting period that the background check should take place, if at the expiration of the 3 days the background check is not completed, then you can purchase the weapon. Well, 3 days after he started the purchase, the background check was not completed. Why? Somebody keyed in or gave the wrong information. Let’s just think about this for a moment. A person knowing what the law is could very well give erroneous information knowing that it might take more than the 3 days for anybody to find the error. They found the error, but 3 days had expired. I have no idea whether or not this young man did this or whether or not the seller entered the wrong information. There are two cities that border one river with a short bridge between the two: West Columbia and Columbia. This gun was purchased in West Columbia, but, as I understand it, the seller keyed in Columbia, and so the error was not found until too late. I have proposed legislation here to close what has become known as the Charleston loophole by saying the purchase cannot be completed until the background check is completed. If it takes 3 days, fine. If it takes 1 day, that is fine. But it may take 4 or 5 days or may even be 10 days if the wrong information is keyed in. So I don’t understand why this commonsense piece of legislation cannot be brought to this floor so we can vote to close that loophole or attempt to close the loophole. I think it is time for us to go on record. Now, Mr. Speaker, I grew up in South Carolina. I was a part of the movement that started back in the late 1950s and early 1960s that a lot of people have called the student movement. I was a part, along with JOHNLEWIS, a Member of this body, of the first and second organizing meetings of what became known as the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. I still remember my first meeting with Martin Luther King, Jr., October 1960, the same weekend that I met JOHNLEWIS for the first time. I spent that evening that I met Dr. King, I was with him until around 4, 4:30 the next morning. I started reading and studying everything I possibly could about Dr. King. I believe, of all of his speeches, of all of his writings, the one thing that stands out to me more than any other is his letter from the Birmingham City Jail. b1745 It is an iconic document; a timely document, in my opinion. Dr. King wrote his letter from that jail in response to a letter that he had received from 8 White clergymen who called upon him to leave Birmingham because they thought his being there was disruptive. In the letter to Dr. King, they said to him: We want you to understand, Dr. King, we believe that your cause is right, but your timing is wrong. In responding to them, Dr. King said: Time is neutral. Time is never right; time is never wrong. Time is always what we make it. Dr. King continued that thought by saying he was coming to the conclusion that the people of ill will in our society make a much better use of time than the people of good will. He closed that particular thought by saying that we are going to be made to repent not just for the vitriolic words and deeds of bad people, but for the appalling silence of good people. We are suffering today because some real good people in this House are remaining silent when events cry out for our attention. We should not be ignoring these issues that lead to incidents like the one that occurred at Emanuel AME Church. We should not be silent after things like Sandy Hook. And we should not be silent today, after experiencing what we have earlier this week in Orlando, Florida. I think that the more we look into this, we see that this is not about ISIS or any foreign terrorists. All of that, it seems to me, from what I have read, is to camouflage something else. And that is, in my opinion, this was, in fact, a hate crime. It certainly shows from the evidence that this young man who perpetrated this act hated a lot of the people he was around, and maybe even himself. So I believe that the time has come for us to break our silence in this House. The LGBT community cries out for our involvement. This incident highlights what we ought to be doing to show our respect for that community as well as our respect for the rule of law. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. CLYBURN , before you step away, with reference to the letter from the Birmingham jail, which I agree with you, is one of the greatest literary works that I have had an opportunity to read, it becomes especially important when you understand how Dr. King actually produced it. He did not have a library. He did not have persons to assist him. It is my understanding that he was able to slip notes out to people who would come and visit him, and they compiled these notes into the letter. I want to mention this. Those clergy people that you talk about, in that letter that they wrote, if you read it first, you will see a line of logic that many people abide with, that many people of that time and this time would find very reasonable. It is after you get into Dr. King’s message where he dissects each and every point that they make one by one by one that you realize that there is something not only special 
about Dr. King—and there is something very special about him—but that this was a seminal moment in time. It was a seminal moment in time in that Dr. King was educating all of us in the eons to come about the evils of bigotry and hatred. Those warnings that he gave us and the lessons, he takes us back into Biblical Scriptures about those who, at that time in the biblical days, were considered outside educators. No one is an outside educator if you come for righteous reasons. So I am mentioning this to you because I have a great appreciation for that letter as well, and I am pleased that you brought it up. As you know, tonight our theme is: You are not alone. I greatly appreciate what you have said about the LGBTQ community, because we want them to know they are not alone. We are allies, we are friends. We are people on whom they depend. And we do so because of a debt we owe, to a certain extent. We didn’t get here by ourselves. Someone suffered and sacrificed so that we could have this opportunity to stand in the Congress of the United States of America, and indeed to breathe the breath of freedom we have because of others. And they are not alone. I appreciate what you have said about the LGBTQ community. If you have additional commentary, I would welcome it. Mr. CLYBURN. I appreciate that. I do have something I would like to say on that. Dr. King was sitting in jail in Birmingham, Alabama, because he found some injustices there. In fact, in the letter, he said—in responding to those ministers—that a threat to justice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. And I think that Dr. King, if he were here today, would be speaking out about the threat to justice that the LGBTQ community is now experiencing. I do want the people of that community to know that they are not alone. I do believe that we should all respect human beings. If I may? I thought as you were speaking, Dr. King, in his letter, talked about those who carried the gospel and how they were vilified. I thought about, I believe it is the 11th chapter in the Book of Second Corinthians, Paul, in his writings, talked about all that he had endured—the beatings, the jailings that he had endured—trying to spread the gospel. I thought about those badges of honor—the jailings that Dr. King, JOHN LEWIS, and many others endured. I had a few sentences myself, but I thought about that, and these are, in fact, badges of honor. So I want the people of the LGBT community to know that they are not alone in their trials and tribulations, and that at some point in, hopefully, the not too distant future, the good people in this body will rise up and break their silence. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I will add to what you have just said, Mr. CLYBURN . When you are not alone and you have some people to show up, it means something. But there are people who believe that everybody has to show up for something significant to occur. This would take us to the eighth chapter of the Book of Judges and a man named Gideon. The evidence has shown us—you and I, Mr. CLYBURN —that there are times when you can have too many people to get a job done. You don’t have to have everybody to have the genesis of a movement. You don’t have to have every person in Congress to sign onto something to have that become the genesis of the movement. If you get enough people to sign on, what you have can be heard in this Congress. And that is called a discharge petition. There are some pieces of legislation right now that are pending with discharge possibilities. What we have to do is take a few people, just as Gideon did; make enough noise, as he did; have a righteous cause, as he did; have a means of weeding out some of the people who may not be ready for the work that has to be done, and then work with those who are ready to work. I believe that we can do great things in this Congress, understanding that we don’t have to have everyone on board to have the genesis of a great movement. Mr. CLYBURN. I agree. Of course, having served as the majority whip in this body, all it takes is 218. I do believe that there are 218 good people in this body who will vote for these—especially these three pieces of legislation dealing with what I call commonsense, good gun policy. The fact of the matter is that all of us believe in the Constitution of these United States. It is the glue that holds us together as a country, as a people. The fact of the matter is the Constitution—our right to the Constitution—is not unbridled. I am often amused to hear people talk about our First Amendment rights to free speech and to peaceably assemble. Those of us back in the sixties lived and died advocating the First Amendment, but the fact of the matter is our rights under the First Amendment are not unbridled. The Supreme Court has spoken to that with the famous phrase: your First Amendment rights will not give you the right to yell ‘‘fire’’ in a crowded theater. That means that the First Amendment is not unbridled. Why is it, then, that we can’t look at the fact that the Second Amendment rights that we have to bear arms, we are not taking that right away when we say the background check should be completed? Maybe we will turn up that you are mentally incompetent to have a weapon. Maybe we will find that you at one time, if not another, are on this nofly list. One piece of legislation we have here deals with it. No fly, no buy. Anyone on the nofly list, to me, ought not be able to get a firearm. If you are suspicious enough as to pose a threat and be on that list, I don’t think you ought to be getting a firearm. If you have been convicted of a hate crime, which is another piece of legislation here, you ought not to be able to buy a gun. Those are commonsense policies that ought to be put into law. And for us to lay prone at the altar of the NRA and not allow just simple, good faith bills to come to this floor, I don’t quite understand that. I don’t think that the American people will continue to be kind to us if we do not step up and do what is necessary to protect them. Those 49 people who lost their lives in that nightclub in Orlando are deserving of a Congress that will protect them. Also, those nine lives at the Emanuel AME Church. If we had stepped up and not put that loophole in this law, they would have been protected. I am convinced from all that I have seen that those people would still be alive today if that loophole were not in the law. b1800 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the bill that you speak of, Mr. CLYBURN , H.R. 4063, that is Mr. C ICILLINE ’s bill, the Hate Crimes Prevention Act; and that merely says, if you have been convicted of vandalizing a place of worship or assaulting someone based on their race, their religion, their gender, their sexual orientation, their gender identity or disability, then you ought not be able to buy a weapon. Who believes that persons who have been convicted of these offenses ought to be able to buy weapons? If you believe that they should, then I am going to respect your opinion, but we ought to be able to debate those opinions on the floor of the United States Congress. We don’t have to win the vote. The people of this country expect us to at least do that, however. They expect us to vote. And what Mr. CLYBURN is saying, and what many others have been saying, the clarion call, the hue and cry, is let’s have a vote and let’s have a debate. Let the debate precede the vote. Let us make some comments about these bills, and let’s let the American people have an opportunity to judge why each of us holds a position with reference to this kind of legislation. That is not asking too much. I respect my friends who have opinions different from mine. I don’t, in any way, badger people who have opinions that are different from my opinions. But I do respect people even more when they are willing to stand in the well of the Congress of the United States of America and state their position and allow others to state theirs. And then, afterwards, have that vote, and let’s let the American people know where the Congress stands, based upon empirical evidence and based upon arguments that have been presented, so that people can get a greater understanding and get greater clarity. Another of the bills is the one that you have, Mr. CLYBURN , H.R. 3051, the 
Background Check Completion Act. ‘‘Completion,’’ that is the operative word. Completion Act. Let the background check be completed before a person buys a firearm. Now, if you differ with this, okay. Then let’s bring this to the floor, state your difference, and let the American people know how we stand, where we stand, and then have a vote. That will make a difference for everybody in this country because people will know that the Congress of the United States is functional. There are many who believe that we are not functioning right now. The final of the three that the gentleman mentioned is H.R. 1076. This is denying firearms and explosives to dangerous terrorists. Now, this is a bill that is being sponsored by the Honorable PETER KING. He is a Republican. So the point to be made is that we have bipartisan legislation that can’t get to the floor for a debate and then a vote. That is what we believe ought to happen. There ought to be a debate and a vote on these pieces of legislation that deal with what we believe to be legislation that can save some lives. It won’t save all lives, no legislation will, but it can save some lives. Well, someone would say that is not enough. One life is enough, to be quite honest with you. One life is enough. And to lose any life because we haven’t acted is to lose too many. At the end of the day, after having lost 49 lives in Orlando, do we want it said that after all was said and done, more was said than done? Or nothing was done and all was said? Is that what we want our legacy to be, that we did not act on pending legislation that could have made a difference for the people of the Nation? Surely, asking for a vote, asking for debate, asking for an opportunity to be heard is not asking too much. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ) if he has further commentary. Mr. CLYBURN. Well, I think the gentleman has summarized this adequately and, I think, appropriately. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am so honored tonight to mention again that this is a resolution that we have on the floor, H. Res. 772. This is the LGBTQ Pride Month legislation, and I am honored that it is on this day, which is Flag Day, because the flag speaks to liberty and justice for all— not liberty and justice for some, not liberty and justice for some of a certain hue, not liberty and justice for some of a certain religion, but, rather, liberty and justice for all, regardless of your race, your creed, your color, your sexuality, liberty and justice for all, regardless of your religious affiliation—liberty and justice for all. I assure you that the American people expect no less than what we pledge allegiance to, the flag of the United States of America. So I am honored tonight that we have this resolution. This resolution is one that speaks to the accomplishments and the successes of the LGBTQ community. And there are accomplishments and successes that we should mention, notwithstanding the circumstance that we are, unfortunately, having to deal with at this time. There are these accomplishments and these successes. Let me just name a few of them as we move along. First, I would like to mention the passage of the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, a significant piece of legislation, a great success for America. However, the beneficiaries are persons who are discriminated against, who are harmed because of who they are. People do that in this country. We have people who will hurt you and take your life, as has been evidenced recently, because of who you are. This Congress took action and passed this law to say that, if you do this, whatever the punishment was, we will enhance it. We will make this punishment greater because you ought not target people because of who they are. Someone would say, well, why would we want to enhance the punishment for this reason? Here is the response. Here is the retort. Because we do it if you are a person in a blue uniform. You hurt a peace officer in the State of Texas, because he or she is a peace officer, your punishment is going to be enhanced. There is nothing wrong with that. I celebrate that. That is why I celebrate the passage of this piece of legislation, the Matthew Shepherd and James Byrd Hate Crime Prevention Act. This is an accomplishment that the LGBTQ community as well as other communities and all should celebrate. Of course, there is Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell. Can you imagine, as a heterosexual person, having to hide who you are every day of your life, having to be incognito in a sense, under an assumed identity, cannot be authentic, cannot be yourself? Can you imagine what that would be like? That’s what Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell was all about, asking people to hide your identity. Don’t tell anybody who you are. And if you don’t tell anybody who you are, we will let you die for the country. We will let you go into harm’s way and die as long as you won’t tell people who you are. And I thank President Obama. When we eliminated Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell, we liberated a lot of people. One in particular that I am sure felt liberation was the Honorable Eric Fanning, because he now is the first openly gay Secretary of the Army. Can you imagine how many persons with talents that could have benefited our country were overlooked as a result of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell? Some people refused to participate in that kind of system. So I am proud that this country has stepped away from this, because every person ought to be allowed to be himself or herself. Every person was created by the same Creator. We know the Creator by many names, but by any name, the Creator is the one that created all that is and ever shall be. And each one of us is a creation of the Creator of the universe, and we all should be proud of who we are because we all owe allegiance to the same Creator. I am proud to announce that 2012 was the first year that all 50 States had at least one LGBTQ elected official. I remember many years ago, as an African American, how proud I was when I could read annually that we had persons who were getting elected across the country to various positions who were of African ancestry. I was so proud that they were getting elected because I knew that we were making progress; I knew that there was a certain amount of acceptance taking place. This is what is happening with the LGBTQ community by having elected officials in all 50 States who can say ‘‘I am proud to be who I am,’’ who can be authentic. This is what America is all about, liberty and justice for all, pledge of allegiance to the flag, Flag Day. That is what this is all about: this country honoring who you are, letting you succeed on your merits and fail on your demerits, not based upon who you are. Unfortunately, I will tell you this, there are still some places in this country where members of the LGBTQ community are discriminated against openly and notoriously. Twentyeight States still allow someone to be fired for being gay—for that alone. Show up and tell, show up and don’t pretend, show up with a friend, and you could be fired in 28 States in this country. I think that, among all of the legislation that we talk about, this is something that the Congress ought to address. No one should be fired because of who you are, because of what God has made you. You ought not be fired for that. In 30 States, you can be fired for being a transgender person. In 28 States, you don’t have protections for sexuality under housing discrimination laws, meaning, if someone believes or concludes or has evidence that you are a part of the LGBTQ community, then you can be discriminated against in housing. Is that the way a great country that I love, that has the notion of liberty and justice for all in the pledge of allegiance behaves? Do we allow this to continue? America stands for justice, stands for liberty, and it stands for it for all. It is time for us to extend all of the liberty and justice that I and others might have to the members of the LGBTQ community. I am an ally of this community, and because I am an ally, I am proud that the Supreme Court decided that marriage between samesex couples should take place. The Constitution of the United States of America was not written for heterosexuals only. The 14th Amendment applies to people, not to sexuality. The 14th Amendment and the 
Constitution is something that is precious for all of us, and the Supreme Court has so said that these marriages between couples of the same sex have to be recognized and the licenses have to be issued. This is what allies of the LGBTQ community will call to the attention of persons on occasions such as this. I am also proud to tell you that we who are allies of the LGBTQ community are of the opinion that we can make some of these changes. We know that we can make these changes because we have done so before. We have passed legislation after horrific events in this country. Because we have done it before, we can do it again; because we did it with the Civil Rights Act of 1968. It took us 7 days in the Congress of the United States of America to pass the Civil Rights Act of 1968 after the assassination of Dr. King. We had 49 people assassinated in Orlando, Florida. Something can be done. People, some would say: Well, what can be done? That is what we can debate on the floor of the Congress. Let’s debate it. Rather than conclude that whatever is said is wrong and you don’t deserve a hearing because what you have said is wrong, let’s debate it. We have bills to come before this Congress that we vote up and down on a daily basis. We vote them up or we vote them down. Why not have regular order apply to hate crime legislation? Why not have regular order apply to gun safety legislation? Not gun control—I don’t buy into that terminology—gun safety. But if you think otherwise, then come to the floor, stand in the well, and state your position so that all can hear. b1815 The Gun Control Act of 1968 passed after the assassinations of President Kennedy, Dr. King, and Robert Kennedy. That legislation, I am sure, could have passed at other times, but it didn’t. It was after a horrific act, or horrific acts, that it passed. I think that these lives were important. But the lives of the 49 people who died at Orlando are just as important as these lives that I call to your attention. Every life is precious. We should not allow ourselves to wait until it happens to be somebody that we perceive as being somebody. We ought not have to wait until someone who happens to hold public trust is harmed before we decide we are going to do something. Every person who is in this country is under the protection of the Constitution of the United States of America. We can debate our issues, but we ought to at least bring them to the floor and let’s have a vote on them. I will accept, by the way, the vote. I always do. But I don’t accept the notion that you can never have a vote on something because someone else happens to think that it is not worthy of voting on. I think all opinions have some value, and I think whether bills are presented by the Democrats or the Republicans, they are bills that have merit and bills that ought to receive consideration. Let them go through regular order. Let them come to this floor, and let’s debate them. Of course, the one that many people will remember is the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act of 1994. This was passed following the shooting of President Ronald Reagan. By the way, I am pleased that we passed all of these things. I believe that we did the right thing. Someone might argue that we could have passed this without the shooting of President Reagan. Thank God the person who attempted to assassinate him was not successful. I am so grateful that he was able to live and serve out his Presidency. But that shooting, that act alone, allowed this Congress to act. It is a known fact that you cannot have an act of Congress if you don’t have a Congress willing to act. I am grateful that the Congress was willing to act after the shooting of a President of the United States. So, because we have done it before, I am convinced that we can do it again, and I am convinced that we should do it again. I believe that this is a seminal moment in time. We have these seminal moments in time—seminal moments, moments that impact all time. Rosa Parks, when she took that seat, ignited a spark that started a human rightscivil rights movement. That was a seminal moment in time. But there were also people who helped her at that time, which is one of the reasons why we come to the floor tonight, because we are allies of the LGBTQ community. The African American community at that time had allies. We had people who were willing to stand up for us and stand up with us. When Rosa Parks went to jail, there were people who came to post her bond. The people who bailed Rosa Parks out of jail: Mr. Nixon was African American, but Mr. and Mrs. Durr were not. Mr. and Mrs. Durr were people of goodwill who understood that an injustice was taking place. In fact, Mr. Clifford Durr was a lawyer, and his wife was a noted person in the community. The people who posted the bail to get Rosa Parks out of jail were not all of African ancestry. So we all have a debt that we owe. I am grateful to Rosa Parks. I wouldn’t be here but for the efforts of the Rosa Parks of the world. So I have to repay that debt, and tonight I stand here to give an additional down payment on the debt that I owe that allowed me to be a part of the Congress of the United States of America. There was the crossing of the Edmund Pettus Bridge on what was known as Bloody Sunday. Many people lost blood at the Edmund Pettus Bridge. If you haven’t been to the Edmund Pettus Bridge, I would invite you to go. Every person ought to see the Edmund Pettus Bridge, because if you can see the Edmund Pettus Bridge, you will understand the level of angst and consternation that persons marching forward had to have as they were going up, knowing that on the other side was the constabulary prepared to do whatever was necessary to force them to go back to their starting point and not to proceed with the march. Many of the people there with Congressman JOHN LEWIS, who said he thought he was going to die, were not African Americans. There were people of all hues at the Edmund Pettus Bridge there to see that justice was done. I owe a debt to the people who were willing to cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge on that fateful day. I come to the floor tonight because I understand that I owe this debt. I believe that we owe a debt to those who have made it possible for us to be here, regardless of our hue. And believe me, regardless as to who you are, you owe a debt too. It may be to Patrick Henry: ‘‘Give me liberty or give me death.’’ It can be to any number of the Founding Fathers. But you owe a debt to people who made it possible for us to be here in the Congress of the United States of America and to have the liberties and freedoms that we have in this country. We ought to repay the debt so that we can pass on to others what has been passed on to us: a greater sense of freedom and a greater sense of belonging in the greatest country in the world. I am honored to tell you tonight that this resolution will not pass. I am honored to tell you this, that it will not pass this Congress. But I must be quite candid and tell you that we rarely pass any resolutions in Congress now. So I want to be fair to my friends who are in leadership to let them know that I respect the fact that any resolution, not just this one, would probably get the same results. But I do believe this: I am honored to tell you that it will pass some Congress. I hope I am here to see it pass. I hope I am here to cast my vote that will have it pass the Congress, that will give it a chance to be heard, and that will let people debate the issues of our time as they relate to this resolution. I hope I am here. But whether I am here or not, I believe that, at some point, we will look back through the vista of time, and we will reflect upon this time. We will ask ourselves: Who was there? Who was there to stand up for people other than themselves? I want the record to reflect that there were a good many people of goodwill who said to the LGBTQ community: You are not alone. You are not alone. We are with you. We will stand with you, and we will fight injustice with you. In the end, as Dr. King put it, ‘‘though the arc of the moral universe may be long’’—the arc of the moral universe may be long—‘‘it bends toward justice.’’ We will bend the arc of the moral universe toward justice. There will be justice for the LGBTQ community. Mr. Speaker, in addition to the comments that I have given tonight, I have 
a statement that I will be submitting for the RECORD , a statement that speaks to the tragic circumstances that occurred in Orlando, Florida. I will be submitting this for the RECORD  because I want the RECORD to show that I, along with many of my friends, took a stand. By the way, many of my friends who are taking a stand are Republicans. Many of my friends who are taking a stand are conservatives, and many of my friends who are taking a stand are persons of goodwill who happen to be Muslims. By the way, the Muslim community in Houston, Texas, took a stand at the iftar that I attended. The Honorable M. J. Khan, former city council member, was loud and clear. He explained that the Muslim community respects the LGBTQ community, supports that community, and wants to fight for the community to have justice. Also, I would add that Saeed Sheikh Muhammad was there. He too made similar commentary. So there are persons across the spectrum who are supporting the LGBTQ community. I respect all of these persons, and I appreciate them for what they are doing. I want my statement to reflect that there are those of us who came together and said to the LGBTQ community: You are not alone. Mr. Speaker, you have been more than generous. I greatly appreciate it. I want to thank my colleague who appeared. I want to thank the many colleagues who could not appear because of circumstances associated with an event that is taking place tonight. But I know that their hearts are here, and I know that they will do what they can at an appropriate time to make sure that the LGBTQ community understands and knows that the community is not alone. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF FARM CREDIT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KNIGHT ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. AUSTIN  SCOTT) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Farm Credit’s 100th anniversary of supporting our rural communities and providing reliable credit to those in the agricultural industry throughout our country. Throughout this Congress, as the chairman of the House Agriculture Committee’s Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, I have worked with Farm Credit extensively. These interactions have reaffirmed what I already knew: the Farm Credit system is made up of dedicated Americans who understand the needs and champion the values of rural America. I am honored to represent Georgia’s Eighth Congressional District, most of which is farmland. A good portion of my constituents are farmers themselves or have family and friends who farm. Georgia’s Eighth District is home to roughly 15 percent of Farm Credit borrowers in the State of Georgia. I myself come from an agricultural background, as both sets of my grandparents were farmers. Farm Credit has met the credit needs of many of my constituents and maintains an active presence in south and middle Georgia, where we are leaders in Georgia’s agricultural production. For a century, Farm Credit has been providing our farmers, ranchers, and rural communities with the capital they need to build and grow successfully. The centennial anniversary coincides with a time when our agricultural industry is facing significant economic challenges. In the past few years, our farmers and rural communities have been faced with lower commodity prices, increased input costs, and unstable and inconsistent international markets, all of which are placing strains on our food producers and those who provide essential services to our agricultural industry. This not only affects the producers and manufacturers, but it also has a tremendous effect on the communities in which they live and work. A strong agricultural economy is essential to the health and vitality of the communities I represent in 24 counties across south and middle Georgia. During times like this, farmers in rural communities depend on Farm Credit, whose mission is focused on helping rural communities and agriculture grow and thrive. For example, in my home State of Georgia, young, beginning, and small farmers make up 72 percent of AgFirst Farm Credit’s customers. While these customers represent the future of the agricultural industry, they have entered into the industry at a difficult economic time. Our Nation’s farmers, young and old, embody the American ideals of hard work and dedication, and their commitment to providing the food and fiber for a growing nation and needy world remain steadfast. Alongside them, Farm Credit’s commitment to our agricultural future remains just as important as it was 100 years ago. Farm Credit is a critical provider of credit, not only to producers but also to the communities they live in. They are dedicated to supporting rural communities’ critical infrastructure needs such as access to clean water, efficient energy, sufficient healthcare facilities, and modern telecommunication services. Access to these essential services is critical to a thriving rural America. The future of our rural communities and the agricultural industry depends on a modern infrastructure, which requires access to affordable and reliable financing. Additionally, I want to thank my colleagues who are here today to offer a few words and to celebrate Farm Credit’s centennial. Rural communities in Georgia’s Eighth Congressional District as well as the districts across this country are stronger when their infrastructure needs are efficiently and effectively met, and Farm Credit is providing the capital with which this can be achieved. I want to say a special thankyou to my cohost for tonight’s Special Order, the ranking member of the Commodity Exchange, Energy, and Credit Subcommittee, my friend from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT). With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT). b1830 Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. SCOTT, whom I affectionately refer to as my cousin from Georgia, and my good, dear friend in addition to that. This is a remarkable 100year observance of a truly remarkable organization that provided a great need at a great time. Imagine where we were 100 years ago. In 1916, the world teetering on World War I, boll weevil, a lot of things happening. Just a matter of, perhaps, 50 years, the South recovering from the Civil War. Great devastation. Enter into this picture of great need comes Farm Credit. When we celebrate this 100year anniversary, we have to celebrate it right. We have to let people know the importance, and why this organization came into existence. And I say, Mr. Speaker, that particularly in the South, we might not have really made it as quickly in terms of our recovery as we did if it were not for Farm Credit. On this 100th anniversary, we have so much to celebrate, so many fine people. Those who started it are gone, but they built it on a solid foundation that had lasted. Agriculture is the single most important industry in the world. It is the food we eat, it is the water we drink, it is the clothes we wear, and it is the financial system that we have created. The very commitment that Chairman AUSTIN SCOTT and I share was birthed out of that—the Commodities Exchange. The South didn’t have everything it needed, but it had the land and it had the crops. It had commodities. Farm Credit provided the liquidity that our farmers needed. So there is so much to cherish in this time that we are celebrating. There is something else, too, Mr. Speaker, as we look at this. As Chairman SCOTT said, 72 percent of their 
loans are going to beginning, new farmers. Now, why do I say that is so important? Because the number one issue that we are faced with today is the age of the average farmer. To me, and to many of us in agriculture, this is not only a farming issue, it is a national issue, that the average age of a farmer today is 60 years of age. What other industry has that? What other sector has that? That is why we have to move aggressively. That is why I appreciate Farm Credit so much—because they jumped out front. Seventytwo percent of their lending capacity goes to getting young, beginning farmers in. The other thing is they are partnering with our committee and going a step further. There is so much we can do. But, Mr. Speaker, it was the land grant colleges in the South that was the pivot. The 1860s and the 1890s is what pulled this country and pulled the South together. Every 5 years, we put a farm bill together. In that farm bill, we allocate badly needed dollars to these 1890 land grant institutions as well as to the 1860s. I mention that because we have to get young, beginning farmers—African Americans, White, all of America’s people. So what we are doing is to open up a new spending category in the farm bill for these 1890s that we will be able to give loan forgiveness and scholarships to young people who will go into farming. That is how we solve this problem. And Farm Credit has to template. They are there with that other arm. Mr. Speaker, it costs $8,000 just for one acre of land. You can hardly get a tractor for less than $50,000. It is needed—when these young people graduate and they have that loan forgiveness there, they have that debt in school— in order for them to go and become farmers. They have to pay $8,000 to start with just an acre, and $50,000. But if we would be able to help them and say: We will help your loan forgiveness. I mention that because the people at Farm Credit said: Let me reach out a hand. Let me help Fort Valley State in Georgia to partner with the University of Georgia. Let me help Florida A&M University Land Grant to work with the University of Florida, a land grant. Let me help Alabama A&M University and Tuskegee Institute work with the University of Alabama. That is how we solve this problem. That is why it is important for us to understand the foundation. Farm Credit was developed out of a crisis need, and here they are moving to help with another crisis need to get more young people involved in farming. I say a national crisis because, Mr. Speaker, if we allow this to continue without addressing this highly escalating age of our farmers, we will be in serious trouble. For if we do not continue to be the leading agriculture producer in the world and have to depend on other nations to feed us, that is a national crisis. So on this 100th anniversary, isn’t it something that we celebrate Farm Credit when they ushered in and came and helped to restore and invigorate America at a great time, and they are still doing the same thing today? With a century of experience and a focus on the future, I want to say to Farm Credit: God bless Farm Credit. God bless those 100 years. We look forward to many hundred more years. And God bless the United States of America. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. SCOTT, for being here. It has been a wonderful partnership to work with him on our subcommittee. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ). Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank our chairman, Mr. AUSTINSCOTT, and ranking member, Mr. DAVID SCOTT, for their leadership in bringing this vital topic to the floor. Farm Credit System is not only part of our economic security of this great Nation, but I would argue it is also part of our national security with what they provide. We are here just to commend the cooperative owners, the employees of the Farm Credit System, as they celebrate this 100th anniversary. The Federal Farm Loan Act of 1916 was passed by Congress and President Wilson in 1916. It was a permanent means to support the wellbeing and prosperity of the Nation’s rural communities and agricultural producers of all types and sizes, a mission it has been accomplishing every day for a century. It plays a vital role, as you have heard my colleague say, in the success of United States agriculture and our rural communities. It has provided more than $237 billion in loans to more than 500,000 customers. I am one of those customers, Mr. Speaker. In fact, I am still paying on one of their loans. The Farm Credit System helped me get started in farming back when I was 25 years old. It helped me buy the land I needed. I still farm that land today. It has helped my family buy land that it has needed to farm. We are just a small part of a community of 1,349 borrowercustomers from the Fifth District of Louisiana. We customers account for $354 million in credit and investments in rural Louisiana. In my State, Farm Credit serves more than 3,600 Louisianans, with a total loan volume of $645 million. What I and other farmers like about Farm Credit System is that they just seem to get it. In an age where we are losing this persontoperson contact and we are losing the sincerity, I think, sometimes of the people we come in contact with, Farm Credit System remains homegrown people who give out hometown loans. We know these people. We go to church with them. We eat supper with them in the South. They are the DNA of our rural communities. That is why we trust them. We trust them to give honest and forthright advice. They are going to do the right thing every time for you as a borrower, as a cooperative owner, and just as a friend. As you have heard from Mr. AUSTIN  SCOTT and Mr. D AVID SCOTT, they are supporting the next generation of farmers by annually providing billions of dollars of loans to young and beginning farmers, again, the future of this country—just like me once upon a time—through organizations like 4–H and the Future Farmers of America. It helps communities moving forward by financing vital infrastructure to bring clean water, reliable energy, and highspeed Internet to places that normally would not have this available. I am proud to cosponsor House Resolution 591 that commends the cooperative owners and employees of Farm Credit System for their 100 years of service to our rural communities. I thank Chairman MIKECONAWAY , Ranking Member COLLIN PETERSON , Representative AUSTIN SCOTT, and Representative DAVID SCOTT for introducing this resolution. Congratulations to the Farm Service Agency on its 100 years of service. May it continue to help farmers and rural America for another 100 years. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. GRAHAM ). Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman SCOTT for arranging this Special Order tonight. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Farm Credit on their 100th anniversary. That is a significant anniversary. Earlier this year, when I visited all 14 counties in Florida’s Second Congressional District on the firstever North Florida Farm Tour, I saw just how important Farm Credit System is to each and every one of our rural communities. In the Second Congressional District alone, Farm Credit of Northwest Florida serves 439 borrowercustomers, providing more than $120 million in loans. That has helped small businesses like Southern Craft Creamery, where I performed a workday in a hair net making north Florida ice cream. It was very good. I recommend it to everyone. Remember Southern Craft Creamery. These small businesses and small farms aren’t just growing food; they are growing our economy and creating jobs. Mr. Speaker, Farm Credit is working to make sure the next generation of Americans are interested in farming and growing food for our growing country. I am proud to have worked with them on workshops for new and veteran farmers like Bob Jackson, who Farm Credit has helped start a honey and bee business. Mr. Speaker, again, I congratulate Farm Credit on their 100th anniversary, and I look forward to continue working with them to support Florida farmers. 
b1845 Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. I thank Ms. GRAHAM . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ). Mr. ROUZER. I thank my friend, the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Farm Credit System for supporting agriculture and the rural communities in my home State of North Carolina for the past 100 years. Established in 1916, Farm Credit provides farm families across America with consistent and reliable credit to help finance our Nation’s food production needs. Without Farm Credit Services of America, our farmers would not have the resources they need to grow their crops and their livestock—putting food on the tables of every American family. Let me underscore that— putting food on the tables of every American family. Farm Credit organizations provide more than a third of the credit that is needed by United States agriculture, accounting for more than $217 billion in loans, leases, and related services. In my home district, our local farm lender is Cape Fear Farm Credit, which operates in a 12county territory and issues loans to more than 2,500 farmers and rural North Carolinians. I applaud them for supporting farm families in my district with real estate and farm improvement loans, equipment loans, operating loans, country home loans, life insurance plans, and appraisal services. Cape Fear Farm Credit also helps young, beginning, small, and minority farmers become successful by offering courses that provide not only them but their families with a unique set of tools to increase the quality and sizes of their operations. Without a doubt, Cape Fear Farm Credit is an incredibly valuable resource for our farm families and our rural communities in North Carolina’s Seventh Congressional District. Our friends at Farm Credit should be proud of their great work. They have successfully delivered on their mission for the past 100 years, and I know they will continue to have great success. They are great and fine people who understand the unique needs of agriculture production, our farm families, and our rural communities. I am proud to stand with them. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. I thank Mr. ROUZER . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ). Mr. MOOLENAAR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I thank the two gentlemen from Georgia for hosting this hour to celebrate 100 years of Farm Credit and the important role it has played in our country. For the past 100 years, Farm Credit has made vital contributions to the success of Michigan’s Fourth Congressional District in our agricultural community, which includes over 10,000 farms and 15,000 farm operators. Farm Credit has allowed farmers and growers to invest in their operations with new equipment and buildings in good times, and, in tough times, it has provided crop insurance and helped family farmers keep their lands. Farm Credit has helped Michigan farmers put healthy, delicious food on the tables of millions of people. In my district specifically, it has contributed to a districtwide output of $1.7 billion in products sold across the country and around the world. These profits come back to our rural communities and help to keep them strong. Mr. Speaker, Farm Credit has made America a more prosperous Nation, and I hope it will enjoy another 100 years of continued success. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. I thank Mr. MOOLENAAR . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. LAMALFA. I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. AUSTIN  SCOTT) for holding this Special Order hour tonight so we may have the opportunity to recognize our friends at the Farm Credit System. I am glad to join my colleagues in doing so as the Farm Credit System has been a great service to agriculture and rural communities for these 100 years. Originally enacted by Congress and signed into law by President Wilson 100 years ago, the Farm Credit System has played a very valuable and vital role in sustaining agriculture in our Nation. While many things have changed in the last 100 years, one thing has not: the need to feed and clothe our Nation. The Farm Credit System exists to help farmers and ranchers meet this challenge while it also adapts to meet the everchanging agricultural needs. For example, right now, the median age for farmers, as was mentioned by Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, is around 60 years old, with farmers who are 75 years old and up outnumbering those who are in their twenties and thirties. We have to do more to give those young people hope and the opportunity to be viable and have stability in the occupations they would choose. With the population expected to increase by over 2 billion by 2050 and as prices for farmland and equipment significantly increase, the concerns of having enough farmers to feed the world are very real. Farm Credit initiatives have helped younger farmers not only access the financial tools that are necessary to get started, but also the education and advice they need to grow their business for years to come. More generally, Farm Credit is vital to managing the everyday risks and the uncontrollable variables farmers face, such as the weather, natural disasters, or market distortions. Just this spring, in my part of California, high winds and heavy rains—even hail—have helped to shrink California’s prune crop to half or less of its normal size, with some growers losing their entire crops for the year and with some not being able to even recover their costs for harvesting—therefore, not harvesting at all. This is on top of devastating profit losses and cutbacks that are due to the ongoing drought in the State of California. While insurance, certainly, comes nowhere close to making up for these losses or even breaking even, it helps farmers survive another year—to get by—so they can continue growing the food, hopefully, in that good following year as they faithfully go out to their fields, to their orchards, to their vineyards to produce what Americans want and need. This helps keep our communities and local economies strong. I am proud to stand with my colleagues and join in recognizing the critical role the Farm Credit System has played for over 100 years and to support our farmers and ranchers throughout rural communities across the country. Let’s do everything we can to hold onto this vital piece of rural America, and let’s keep food on the tables for all Americans and for those around the world who depend on it as well. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. I thank Mr. LAMALFA . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), the chairman of the House Agriculture Committee. Mr. CONAWAY. I thank my fellow colleague on the Agriculture Committee for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour and for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the Farm Credit System for 100 years of service to rural America and the agriculture industry. The importance of the Farm Credit System is largely unknown to those who are outside of agriculture, often leaving it prone to political attacks. However, its importance to those it serves has never been greater as declining commodity prices have led to a sharp downturn in the farm economy. Thankfully, the Farm Credit System and its members have been there to help lessen that burden. To understand the Farm Credit System, it is important to look back at its roots. In the early 1900s, credit was largely unavailable or unaffordable in many parts of rural America, and lenders avoided agriculture loans due to their associated risks. In 1908, President Theodore Roosevelt appointed a commission to explore the problem and, ultimately, found a need to develop more cooperatives and a cooperative credit system for farmers. From that idea, Congress passed the Federal Farm Loan Act of 1916, which eventually resulted in the establishment of the Farm Credit System, a system created to provide a permanent, reliable source of credit to American agriculture. The Farm Credit System’s mission has evolved over time. For example, in 1980, Congress empowered the Farm Credit System to provide valuable capital for infrastructure that is necessary for communities to thrive. 
Since its inception, the Farm Credit System has never wavered in its mission of providing lines of credit to rural communities in good times and in bad. During the late 1980s, our farmers and ranchers faced particularly difficult times. Fortunately, the agriculture industry and the Farm Credit System were able to weather the storm together, and they emerged even more prepared for the years to come. Today, I believe that the Farm Credit System is fundamentally safe and sound and in a position to endure the challenges that it will inevitably face. To acknowledge and celebrate a century of dedicated service to rural America, I was proud to sponsor H. Res. 591, which commemorates Farm Credit’s 100th anniversary. Providing more than $237 billion in loans to more than 500,000 customers, the Farm Credit System has worked tirelessly in all 50 States to ensure a vibrant rural economy, and I am proud to congratulate it on its 100 years of good work and the system we have in place today. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. I thank Mr. CONAWAY . Mr. Speaker, again, I thank all of my colleagues for taking the time to come down here and recognize all of the great things that Farm Credit has done in the past 100 years. I thank all of the people who have been a part of the Farm Credit System over the past 100 years. I thank the men and women who are out there, working every day on the farm, to make sure that Americans have the food and fiber that they need. May God continue to bless them. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, one hundred years ago, Congress recognized the need for a permanent means to support our nation’s rural communities and agricultural producers and established the Farm Credit System. Cooperatively owned and operated, the Farm Credit System was designed to be responsive to the needs of its borrowers while being able to adapt to changes in rural communities and agriculture. Today, credit in rural America remains an important issue. The Farm Credit System maintains a vital presence in all 50 states as well as Puerto Rico. In my home state of Minnesota, Farm Credit serves more than 24,000 borrowercustomers by making available $6.9 billion in loans. Credit is one of the most important tools available for farmers and ranchers. It is a vital piece of the farm safety net during times of low commodity prices and an important resource to the next generation of farmers and ranchers looking to get started. Farm credit also supports rural economic development, helping to fund important infrastructure improvements, provide reliable energy to rural communities, and connect rural Americans through modern telecommunications. The impact of the Farm Credit System is felt across the country, and I congratulate them on this milestone. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Farm Credit System’s onehundred years of serving rural communities in Michigan and across the country. Michigan’s Second Congressional District is among the most agriculturally diverse in the nation. West Michigan farmers grow countless specialty crops such as asparagus, apples, cherries, blueberries, carrots, and onions. They also lead the state in livestock, poultry, eggs, nursery, greenhouse, and floriculture production. For the last onehundred years, the Farm Credit System has been there to provide agriculture producers with reliable, consistent credit and sound financial advice. In Michigan, GreenStone Farm Credit Services has provided the support needed to keep agriculture running. Whether it is helping young, beginning, and small farmers get their start or transitioning family farms to the next generation, GreenStone has been committed to supporting rural communities. GreenStone’s mission is to provide reliable credit and financial services for rural communities and agriculture. It is a mission they have fulfilled for the last century, and this centennial milestone is an important achievement. As many producers face uncertain economic times, it is imperative that they have a partner who understands their business and the challenges they face. GreenStone has demonstrated their commitment to farmers. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring GreenStone and the entire Farm Credit System for their efforts to ensure a prosperous, productive agricultural sector for our nation. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the centennial of the Farm Credit System and its unwavering dedication to our nation’s agricultural sector. As an almond farmer, House Ag Committee member and Representative of California’s abundant Central Valley, I understand that our nation’s farmers and ranchers are continuously faced with unique credit and finance needs. Since its inception 100 years ago, the Farm Credit System has worked to serve our nation’s farmers and rural communities. Roughly $240 billion in loans have been made to 500,000 borrowers nationwide. These funds have built viable farming operations, improved expanded existing ones, improved trade opportunities, and enhanced vital infrastructure needs. Farm Credit was integral in helping the ag sector to navigate the Great Depression, World War II, the Farm Crisis of the 1980s, and the Great Recession. What may be more important than Farm Credit’s impact on a national scale is its presence at the local level. Our local branch and representatives work hard to establish relationships and craft finance options that work for their clients, whether they are small farmers new to the business or the next generation of an established family operation. Over the years, this institution has also committed hundreds of thousands of dollars to support our district’s student ag programs, scholarships, and community events. I’m proud to cosponsor H. Res. 591, an overwhelmingly bipartisan commendation of the Farm Credit System and the service its cooperatives provide. California’s Central Valley is the most productive ag region in the world, and I remain committed to ensuring our farmers and their communities have access to the financial support that the Farm Credit System and others provide. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, the availability of credit is of paramount importance to the success of farm country, and we learned this lesson the hard way. Over a century ago, our farm forbearers faced a credit crunch that threatened the viability of the industry. As a result, farmers, creditors, rural stakeholders and policymakers worked together to create the Farm Credit System (FCS). This system has been improved upon throughout the years as events require and has provided more than $210,000,000,000 in loans to more than 500,000 customers. Today, the availability of farm credit is as vital an issue for rural America as ever. Without credit, a beginning farmer or rancher will find it nearly impossible to purchase land, equipment and inputs to start a farming operation, and a longtime farmer will find it equally difficult to continue and pass on their legacy to the next generation. To be clear, the importance of the FCS is not limited to the private land between the fence posts. Instead, the entirety of the rural economy benefits from services provided by the FCS whether those services include funding for housing, markets, or infrastructural upgrades. Finally, the success of the FCS is equal to the sum of its parts. The system works because it is composed of individuals who care about what they do, who believe 100 percent in the mission of their enterprise to bring results and prosperity to a rural community where, without them, there might be none. These individuals are neighbors, friends and family members who take the time to get to know their customers so that they can best serve the needs of the community. On this 100th anniversary, I am both proud to celebrate the successes of FCS and supportive of its future role in the fabric of our rural economy. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the cooperative owners and the employees of the Farm Credit System for 100 years of service in meeting the financial needs of our nation’s agricultural producers. The Farm Credit System was established by Congress through the Federal Farm Loan Act of 1916 and signed into law on July 17, 1916 by President Woodrow Wilson. This year marks the centennial anniversary of the founding of the cooperatively owned and operated Farm Credit System. Congress designed the Farm Credit System as a permanent means to support the well being and prosperity of our Nation’s agricultural sector. Today, the Farm Credit System plays a vital role in the success of United States agriculture and the economic vibrancy of communities throughout all 50 States and Puerto Rico. The Farm Credit System provides more than $237 billion in loans to more than 500,000 customers. The Farm Credit System has served my home district, Ohio’s 11th Congressional District particularly well. In 2012, three Farm Credit System organizations; AgriBank, CoBank and Farm Credit Services MidAmerica joined to provide $135,000 in financial support for Cleveland’s Gardening for Greenbacks program. The Gardening for Greenbacks program provides grants to local entrepreneurs for the development of forprofit urban food gardens. This program encourages economic development, improves access to fresh, healthy and affordable food, and has helped to establish the City of Cleveland as a model for local food system development. 
I am proud to honor the Farm Credit System on its centennial. Happy 100th Anniversary to the Farm Credit System. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, this July marks the 100year anniversary of the Farm Credit System, and I rise today to commend the cooperative owners and employees for their continuing service and support in meeting the financial needs of rural communities and agricultural producers in the 28th District of Texas and across the country. I was pleased to cosponsor House Resolution 591, introduced by House Agriculture Committee Chairman MIKE CONAWAY and Ranking Member COLLIN PETERSON as well as the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Subcommittee for Commodity Exchanges, Energy & Credit, Chairman AUSTIN SCOTT and Ranking Member DAVID SCOTT , and join my colleagues in celebrating the Farm Credit System for its 100 years of service. Congress established the Farm Credit System through the Federal Farm Loan Act of 1916, which was signed into law on July 17, 1916 by President Woodrow Wilson. The Farm Credit System is comprised of independently owned cooperatives that are controlled by their borrowers. Each cooperative is therefore responsive to its borrowers’ individual credit requirements and can continually adapt to the changing needs of our rural communities and agricultural producers. Today, the Farm Credit System plays a vital role in the success of our country’s agricultural sector, and the vibrancy of rural communities throughout the country. The Farm Credit System provides more than $237 billion in loans to more than 500,000 customers nationwide. In the state of Texas specifically, Farm Credit has issued over 47,000 loans, providing $9.5 billion in credit to farmers and other agricultural borrowers. 1,443 of those loans were made to people in the 28th District of Texas, totaling over $593 million in loans. In 2013, Farm Credit returned nearly $258 million to its borrowers in the state of Texas alone. Farm Credit actively supports the next generation of agricultural producers by providing billions of dollars of funding to emerging farmers and producers, and providing financial support for organizations like 4–11 and Future Farmers of America. Additionally, Farm Credit finances reliable energy sources for farms and rural towns, clean water systems, and modern telecommunications systems that connect rural America with the rest of the world. By financing these vital infrastructure projects, Farm Credit supports the agricultural and rural communities in my congressional district and across the country. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the Farm Credit System on the occasion of its centennial and extend my appreciation to the cooperative owners and employees for their commitment to providing innovative financial services to the people of the 28th District of Texas and to the nation as a whole. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5293, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–623) on the resolution (H. Res. 783) providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5293) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 15, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 4768. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial review of agency interpretations of statutory and regulatory provisions, with amendments (Rept. 114–622). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 783. Resolution providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5293) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–623). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. NEUGEBAUER: H.R. 5465. A bill to repeal section 1075 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 relating to rules for payment card transactions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Mr. HONDA ): H.R. 5466. A bill to secure the United States technological edge in commercial and military aviation; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Mr. BECERRA , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, and Mr. SHERMAN ): H.R. 5467. A bill to adjust the boundary of the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area to include the Rim of the Valley Corridor, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 5468. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to allow for prepayment of repayment obligations under Repayment Contracts between the United States and the Weber Basin Water Conservancy District; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PEARCE (for himself and Ms. MOORE ): H.R. 5469. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to direct the United States Executive Director at the International Monetary Fund to support the capacity of the International Monetary Fund to prevent money laundering and financing of terrorism; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself and Ms. BROWN of Florida): H.R. 5470. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to require a criminal background check to be conducted before a federally licensed firearms importer, manufacturer, or dealer may transfer a large capacity ammunition feeding device to a nonlicensee, and to prohibit a semiautomatic assault weapon or large capacity ammunition feeding device from being so transferred until the Attorney General has verified that the prospective transferee has truthfully answered questions about whether the prospective transferee has been contacted recently by Federal law enforcement authorities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MCCAUL (for himself, Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , and Mr. KATKO ): H.R. 5471. A bill to combat terrorist recruitment in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 5472. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the procurement practices of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mr. RANGEL ): H.R. 5473. A bill to amend part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to create a grant program to promote Federal, State, and local coordination to address substance use needs of families in the child welfare system, in order to improve child wellbeing and permanency; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. S ERRANO , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 5474. A bill to suspend United States security assistance with Honduras until such time as human rights violations by Honduran security forces cease and their perpetrators are brought to justice; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. LEE, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. PAYNE , and Mr. BUTTERFIELD ): H.R. 5475. A bill to improve the health of minority individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Agriculture, Education and the Workforce, the Budget, the Judiciary, Veterans’ Affairs, Armed Services, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for himself, Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. ESTY, Mr. H IMES, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. CAPUANO , and Mr. M EEKS ): H.R. 5476. A bill to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at halfstaff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 5477. A bill to eliminate the requirement that, to be eligible for foster care maintenance payments, a child would have been eligible for aid under the former program of Aid to Families with Dependent Children at the time of removal from the home; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico (for himself and Ms. MICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico): H.R. 5478. A bill to improve the implementation of the settlement agreement reached between the Pueblo de Cochiti of New Mexico and the Corps of Engineers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MCCOLLUM: H.R. 5479. A bill to provide for programs under the Department of Health and Human 
Services to improve newborn screening, evaluation, and intervention for critical congenital heart defect; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 5480. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a credit for early payment of principal on certain home mortgages and to reduce the amount which may be treated as acquisition indebtedness for purposes of determining the home mortgage interest deduction; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SALMON (for himself and Mr. GROTHMAN ): H.R. 5481. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to authorize institutions of higher education to provide additional loan counseling, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TURNER (for himself and Mr. RYANof Ohio): H.R. 5482. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing medical assistance at a residential pediatric recovery center to infants under 1 year of age with neonatal abstinence syndrome and their families; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. STIVERS: H. Res. 781. A resolution electing a Member to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself and Mr. BISHOP of Georgia): H. Res. 782. A resolution encouraging the people of the United States to honor the service of military retirees who continue to serve the United States long after such retirees have completed military service; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California (for herself and Mr. MCKINLEY): H. Res. 784. A resolution expressing support for the designation of Journeymen Linemen Recognition Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
259. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Colorado, relative to Senate Joint Memorial 16 004, urging Congress to reauthorize the federal ‘‘Older Americans Act of 1965’’ and ensure that the reauthorization of the OAA treats all older adults fairly by eliminating the ‘‘hold harmless’’ provision; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 260. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Colorado, relative to Senate Joint Resolution 16022, concerning the designation of March 21, 2016 as ‘‘Colorado Aerospace Day’’ and to urge and request the government of the United States of America to take action to preserve and enhance United States leadership in space, spur innovation, and ensure our continued national and economic security; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 261. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Colorado, relative to Senate Resolution 16002, to encourage the United States Congress to restore the presumption of service connection for Agent Orange exposure to United States veterans who served on the waters off the coast of the Republic of Vietnam; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule MI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 12: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. I SRAEL . H.R. 539: Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 563: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 605: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 711: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 932: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 997: Mr. SCALISE . H.R. 1062: Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Mr. STUTZMAN . H.R. 1076: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1284: Mr. LARSEN of Washington and Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 1319: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 1362: Mr. RENACCI and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1391: Ms. LOFGREN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. PERLMUTTER , Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 1421: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 1427: Mr. MOULTON and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1439: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia and Mr. FATTAH . H.R. 1453: Mr. STEWART . H.R. 1490: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 1548: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1717: Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. C OLE, Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. LEE, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. B ARTON . H.R. 1859: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 1935: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 1969: Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 2096: Mr. HINOJOSA . H.R. 2102: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2151: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 2174: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 2229: Mr. HINOJOSA . H.R. 2315: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. HINOJOSA , and Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 2350: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 2368: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2411: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 2446: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 2646: Mr. VALADAO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 2663: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 2698: Mr. COLLINS of New York and Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 2713: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 2726: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. SPEIER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. RUSH, Mr. C LYBURN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. COOPER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. GARAMENDI , and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 2732: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2739: Mr. LONGand Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 2802: Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 2817: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 2844: Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 2849: Mr. RANGEL , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 2903: Mr. NUNES , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. COSTA , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Mr. WALZ. H.R. 2942: Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 2962: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 2980: Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2992: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 3012: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 3051: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. FARR. H.R. 3094: Mr. HARDY . H.R. 3099: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. M CKINLEY , and Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 3198: Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 3299: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3514: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 3535: Mr. HANNA . H.R. 3590: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 3666: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 3684: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 3706: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3765: Mr. ISSA, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. HOLDING , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Ms. GRANGER . H.R. 3870: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 3920: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 4094: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 4247: Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 4266: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4275: Mr. NEAL. H.R. 4352: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 4368: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 4381: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 4435: Mr. AGUILAR and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 4481: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 4514: Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. CRENSHAW . H.R. 4538: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 4592: Mr. ROKITA and Mr. H ULTGREN . H.R. 4603: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. B EYER , Ms. W ILSONof Florida, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. POCAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. VARGAS , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. E STY, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. A GUILAR , and Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 4625: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 4626: Mr. PERRY , Mr. K IND, Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. K LINE, Mr. B ARR, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. W HITFIELD . H.R. 4662: Ms. MATSUI and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 4681: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 4695: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. E STY, and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 4708: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 4715: Mr. KIND. H.R. 4756: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 4764: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4766: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 4773: Mr. PITTENGER and Mr. B ARTON . H.R. 4813: Mr. BOUSTANY and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 4893: Mr. HINOJOSA . H.R. 4938: Mr. ALLEN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. HILL. H.R. 4955: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. PETERS . H.R. 5016: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 5021: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 5025: Mr. KEATING , Ms. C LARK of Mas sachusetts, and Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 5029: Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 5044: Mr. CARNEY , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. PETERSON , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. K IND, Ms. GABBARD , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. B ECERRA , and Mr. COSTA . H.R. 5061: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 5067: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 5119: Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. BRAT, and Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5143: Mr. FINCHER , Mr. L AHOOD, and Mr. MULVANEY . H.R. 5166: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. CRENSHAW , Mr. B OST, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. BRIDENSTINE , and Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 5210: Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. SIMPSON , and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 5224: Mr. CHAFFETZ . H.R. 5254: Mr. DESAULNIER and Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 5259: Mr. OLSON and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 5275: Mr. COLLINS of New York and Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 5292: Mr. MESSER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. MOULTON , Ms. K USTER , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. ROUZER , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. NORCROSS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. QUIGLEY , and Mr. H ARDY . H.R. 5313: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5320: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 5324: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 5333: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. R OSKAM , and Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 5373: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania, and Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 5386: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5396: Mr. BERAand Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 5404: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 5406: Mr. COLE. H.R. 5457: Mr. KLINE, Ms. J ENKINS of Kan sas, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 5458: Mr. ROSKAM and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 5462: Ms. MOORE and Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.J. Res. 47: Mr. NORCROSS . H.J. Res. 85: Mr. GRIFFITH . H. Con. Res. 19: Ms. DELBENE. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. DENHAM , and Mr. D ONOVAN . H. Con. Res. 136: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H. Res. 54: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H. Res. 94: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H. Res. 169: Mr. SABLAN . H. Res. 590: Mr. CALVERT . H. Res. 591: Mr. REED. H. Res. 729: Mr. GIBSON , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. GOWDY , Ms. E STY, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. DELBENE, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. CARNEY , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. VALADAO , Mr. H ARRIS , and Ms. M ATSUI . H. Res. 750: Mr. NEWHOUSE and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H. Res. 753: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. VANHOLLEN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H. Res. 759: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H. Res. 769: Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. CARTWRIGHT . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
69. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging congress to enact legislation that would establish uniform nationwide infrastructure and procedures for the holding of a Convention to propose an 
amendment to the United States Constitution, pursuant to Article V; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 70. Also, a petition of Delaware County Board of Supervisors, NY, relative to Resolution No. 68, urging the Veterans Affairs Administration to streamline requirements in determining conditions for NonVA Care when veterans are seeking emergency care; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3833 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 2016 No. 94 
The Senate met at 10:02 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable JONI ERNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God of mountains, stars, and boundless spaces, to You we lift our hearts with gratitude for Your mercy and grace. You are the source of our hope and strength, for we receive guidance from Your faithfulness. Protect our Senators with shields of honor and integrity as they put their hope in You. May they patiently wait for the unfolding of Your loving providence, remembering that our times are in Your hands. Lord, give them the wisdom to bless every good deed by whomsoever it may be done, rising above strife and division to a unity that heals. May they seek You with such intensity that they will experience the joy of Your continuous presence. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 