Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, since the tragedy the Nation witnessed in Orlando about 10 days ago—a tragedy that struck at the heart of the American people, that struck at the heart of the LGBT community—we have a Nation that feels less secure, a Nation looking to Congress for answers regarding our national security posture, the policies of this administration’s, of this Congress and answers, also legitimately, about how to protect our communities while also protecting the constitutional privileges of due process and the Second Amendment. They are very legitimate questions we cannot turn a deaf ear to. We answer to the American people. They entrust us to serve. I was in Florida on the weekend of the attacks. When I left Florida to fly up here, I left a State, a community, that was united in grieving, united in mourning, united in its resolve to do something about it. I arrived at an institution as divided as ever. It is not constructive to shout ‘‘shame’’ to your colleagues. It is not constructive to suggest that one side of the aisle is complicit in mass attacks on our Nation simply because some of us have had grave concerns about a proposal that, for 2 years, has been offered that we believe is flawed in recognizing constitutional protections; but it is also not acceptable to embrace inaction, and that is true on my side of the aisle as well. I have voted against the Democratic proposal in committee for a couple of years. Here is why—and this is important for the American people to understand. If you are on a watch list, you should not be able to buy a gun; but if you are wrongfully on that list and if you are a lawabiding American citizen, your constitutional protections should be provided for. You see, when an individual today is not allowed to purchase a firearm—the seven, eight, nine classes of individuals—they are all post adjudication. They have received a due process hearing and have been either convicted of a violent felony, have been adjudicated through a court of mental incompetence, or have been dishonorably discharged. In each case, there has been due process. Post adjudication is when the ban has been implemented. The proposal on the left says there is no due process. If you are on the watch list, you are banned. I think that is wrong, but let’s lead on our side of the aisle. Let’s lead as a body and figure this out together. Last week, I circulated a proposal. I didn’t introduce it last week. I circulated it. I said to all of my colleagues: Help me make this better. So last night, with some changes, based on input from my colleagues, I introduced H.R. 5544. It makes changes. It accepts the proposal of no fly, no buy. It is common sense. If you are on a watch list, you shouldn’t be able to purchase a firearm; but under my legislation, if you are denied, you must be notified not at the point of sale, but within 10 days by the government that you were denied because you are on a watch list. You are then entitled to a due process hearing within 30 days by a judge, not by a political appointee within the Department of Justice. The government must then demonstrate by a preponderance of the evidence—a 51–49 burden—why you should be prohibited. If they can do that, you are prohibited. If they cannot satisfy that burden, your Second Amendment rights remain intact. Importantly, the individual is entitled to all unclassified information against him. The hearing is private so as to protect the privacy of the individual and the interests of government. As a result of circulating it, I have also added a provision by a colleague of mine in the Senate that, if a terror investigation has been closed and someone has been removed from the watch list and he later goes to purchase a firearm, the FBI should be notified. I think that is reasonable. That is H.R. 5544. I ask for your consideration. I ask for you to help make it better. The terror strike in Orlando struck at the heart of America. Yes, it struck in the name of ISIS—a terrorist who proclaimed he was doing it in the name of radical Islam. Those were his words. It also 
struck at the heart of an LGBT community that, for generations, has been fighting for freedom, and it saw that freedom attacked. Americans—all Americans—feel less safe now. Let’s inject some radical common sense into this debate. We can ensure no fly, no buy while also ensuring due process and the Second Amendment. If we take the context of November—the narrative of a campaign—out of this, we can actually get this done. Let’s listen to the 85 percent of Americans who disapprove of the job we are doing rather than go home and have a message of blaming each other. Let’s go home and say we solved it together. If H.R. 5544 is not something you can support, let’s talk about how to improve it. With regard to the proposal my friends on the left have had for 2 years, add due process, real due process. You will get the support. You will get the support on our side of the aisle if you add due process. I say to my friends on my side of the aisle, let’s lead on this issue. The American people are begging for leadership. There is a community that is broken—a Nation that is broken—in the wake of Orlando. Let’s honor the memories of those who are lost. Let’s do right by the American people and do right by the surviving families. Let’s do something. 
NO MORE SILENCE ON GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ) for 5 minutes. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, we have come to the floor today to demand action. We have come to the floor with JOHN LEWIS. When JOHN LEWIS speaks—the conscience of our Congress—America listens. As the barbaric details of the massacre of people dancing at the Pulse nightclub were released, I grieved for those lost. I thought about their dancing and how the human species is the only species that dances. Maybe that is because dancing is a celebration of spirit. Whether you love the waltz, the dab, square dancing, disco, or raves, dancing connects us. For the LGBT community, the dance floor is often the place at which acceptance and belonging come together. While the massacre of 49 people would have been horrifying and shocking wherever it had happened, it happened on the dance floor at a gay club. A place of refuge—where fear and intimidation give way to joy, acceptance, and belonging—was transformed by hate and cowardice into a grotesque barrow. Many of our sanctuaries have been violated by gun violence. It is a grisly routine: first graders and their teachers shot in their elementary school; students and professors shot in their college classrooms; parishioners shot after Bible study and fellowship in their church; social workers and disabled clients shot at a holiday party; our colleague shot while meeting with constituents; neighborhood sidewalks and parks transformed into blood soaked memorials. Over the last 12 years, gun violence has claimed more American lives than war, AIDS, and illegal drug overdoses combined. Since Newtown, tens of thousands of lives have been lost to this deadly crisis. Yet the number of bills that have been debated and passed by this Congress to help prevent such deaths: zero. Inaction is a choice. Inaction is costing lives. Today I am asking that this House have a vote, that we perform our basic responsibilities not only as Members of Congress, but as members of a community, and debate and vote on two commonsense measures to curb gun violence. I am asking for a vote on expanding background checks and on preventing suspected terrorists from being able to buy a gun. The debate wages on on cable news, in our living rooms, on our Twitter feeds, and on Facebook. Why can’t the debate happen here? There is no one solution to end gun violence or even to reduce it, but we have to try. This absolutist approach that we can’t even vote on commonsense measures to help protect our families leaves us in a deadly arms race with ourselves. Why is a vote so paralyzing? Is it special interests? Is it fear? Does the House leadership really believe that our Constitution and our liberties are so fragile that we have to tolerate carnage like we saw in Orlando or like we see on the streets of Chicago rather than risk a vote? These two proposals have widespread support from the American people. Whatever your position on the substance of the bill, let’s vote. Let’s put it out there for people to judge. The American people get it. They understand that we can protect our constitutional rights and take reasoned steps to reduce gun violence. The American people understand that the two are, in fact, compatible under a robust democracy, not mutually exclusive. Millions of Americans at home are worried and frustrated by this Congress’ silence on this deadly epidemic. Without action, moments of silence cease to honor the thousands of victims, survivors, and families who have been devastated by gun violence. Moments of silence should be where action begins. Sadly, in this Congress, it is the only action that is taken. No more silence. I urge the Speaker, before he sends Members home for the 4th of July, to have us vote on these two practical proposals. There is no holiday from gun violence for ordinary Americans. Our communities and our democracy deserve a vote so our children can dance again in freedom and safety. COMMENDING DENNIS HEINDL FOR WORK IN COMBATING OPIOID EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, thousands of Americans lose their lives every year across communities of all sizes to a terrible epidemic, and that is an epidemic of substance abuse that steals lives, that steals futures, and that tears apart families. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the efforts of a constituent of mine, Dennis Heindl, who lives in Elk County, located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. Mr. Heindl is the owner of Laurel Media, based in Ridgway. After seeing the effects of the opioid abuse and heroin epidemic affecting our Nation, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and areas such as Elk County, Dennis was compelled to act. He set up a telephone hotline in an effort to fight back against drug use in communities across the region. The hotline is anonymous, strictly confidential, and is being administered by the North Central Pennsylvania Municipal Drug Task Force. Mr. Heindl is offering a $1,000 reward for any information that leads to the arrest or conviction of any individual who sells or distributes illegal or prescription drugs. In addition to the hotline, Mr. Heindl is organizing a series of antidrug meetings across the area. In fact, the latest meeting in the community of Ridgway drew a crowd of nearly 300 people all interested in taking their town back from this horrible epidemic. Just like in so many other areas of our Nation, communities across Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District have suffered as a result of this drug epidemic. Elk County is ranked ninth in Pennsylvania in overdose deaths per population of 100,000 people while, further west, Crawford County has seen its overdose deaths double in the past 4 years. b1015 Now, I am so proud of the efforts of the people such as Dennis Heindl and all those across the Fifth Congressional District who are helping in the efforts to fight back against drugs. I am also proud of the package passed recently in this House, which will make grant funding available to States and local governments for the creation of opioid reduction programs, creates a task force to review prescribing practices, and cares for babies who are born opioid addicted and dependent. If we all work together, I know that we can win this battle. 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, the slaughter in Orlando struck me with special impact. The massacre of patrons of the gay night club focused deliberately on the LGBT community came at a time of unparalleled progress for equality, capped by marriage equality. It was jarring. Even though the struggle continues in places like North Carolina, these killings came at a time of amazing progress and hope. But horrific episodes of gun violence are always personal for me, and not just because of the carnage of multiple shootings and murders. We have had shootings in Oregon in shopping centers and schools, mass shootings in a high school in Springfield and a community college in Roseburg. We have had many deaths and injuries and Presidential visits. The gun violence issue started for me with the senseless freak death from a single shot of a high school friend from a passing car. It is personal. I saw this single, random shot devastate a family, friends, and classmates. My own brother took his life with a handgun. We know that, unlike other forms of suicide attempts, people with handguns almost always succeed. After each horrific event, my hope— and those of millions of other Americans—are raised again. Maybe this time it will be different. You might ask how, if even the slaughter of 20 innocent first graders could not give spineless politicians the courage to stand up to the craven apologists for gun violence? Well, in part, what is different was that, at Sandy Hook, those 20 little children and their six teachers struck a chord that remains. It laid the foundation to help focus the relentless outspoken efforts of President Obama and his entire administration in dealing with each little element of gun safety that was within their power to make us safer. We have Secretary Clinton running for President who has put a spotlight on gun safety throughout her campaign in a way unlike any we have seen in a Presidential campaign before. One of the most encouraging signs for me is that there is a new approach to reducing gun violence, focused on gun safety. This is taking hold. A number of us have come up with our own plans. A couple of years ago, I formulated my approach—looking at the concept we did with traffic safety—not a single magic solution, but a series of thoughtful, focused effects that, in traffic safety, ended up cutting deaths and injuries in half with education, research, enforcement, and policy changes, large and small, that had a cumulative effect of saving hundreds of thousands of lives. We can do this with gun violence. An agenda of simple, commonsense approaches have been taken in other parts of the world, and it has made a difference. We see, in the United States, evidence in those States and communities that have taken action to reduce gun violence that people are, in fact, safer. It makes a difference. Sometimes in politics, we can feel an issue crest, and I think we are watching it now. This week, we have a simple, single powerful little symbol. The no fly, no buy legislation would prevent people who we think are too dangerous to allow them to buy a ticket to fly on a plane, should not be allowed to buy an assault weapon. Today, my colleagues and I are here supporting the notion that, if there is no bill to vote on, there should be no congressional break, demanding at least to allow us a vote on the floor of the House the same way there was some action in the Senate that gave people hope. Let’s do our part this morning to raise public awareness, to build momentum to make America safer. We shouldn’t go home for the Fourth of July break without at least another small step forward. We owe it to the memory of tens of thousands who have died needlessly from gun violence, and we owe it to the tens of thousands of lives that we can save. 
VENEZUELA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, the situation in Venezuela is deteriorating very quickly. In Venezuela, the people are running out of medicine, running out of food, experiencing electricity shortages, and the regime cannot even provide basic goods for the people. Time is ticking, Mr. Speaker. It is not a matter of if; it is a matter of when Venezuela implodes due to the destructive policies of Nicolas Maduro. And the United States cannot sit idly by and watch this train wreck occur before our very eyes. Responsible countries in Latin America must also stand up and be a voice for those suffering in Venezuela. Last week, 15 countries from the region signed a joint statement that expressed respect for the Venezuelan Constitution and called on responsible nations to guarantee due process and human rights. This is a good first step, Mr. Speaker, and I applaud those countries, but more needs to be done. Tomorrow, the Organization of American States, the OAS, will have a meeting to discuss this crisis. I know that there are some who are advocating for dialogue, but we have tried dialogue before, and it was unsuccessful as Maduro kept coming up with new delays and obstacles in order to prevent a solution. We cannot allow Maduro to continue the charade of a dialogue as a stalling tactic. A referendum, Mr. Speaker, must occur this year. The people demand it. Because if it doesn’t, then next year, Maduro can step aside, hand over power to his Vice President, and the same abusive regime continues while not addressing any of the underlying problems. If a dialogue does occur, all sectors of the Venezuelan opposition must be at the table. That is only fair. But it cannot happen if some of them are in jail, and a precondition to any dialogue must include the release of all political prisoners. The regime could show a goodfaith effort by doing this, but instead, it continues to go the other direction. It continues to go backwards, postponing the appeal of a political prisoner, Leopoldo Lopez, indefinitely after it was scheduled to occur just 2 days ago. With its repression, its corruption, and its disastrous economic policies, the Maduro regime is running Venezuela into the ground, and it is no wonder that Venezuelans feel like they are under siege. Riots are occurring on a daily basis, and according to one recent study, 87 percent of Venezuelans say they don’t have enough money to buy enough food. This travesty is simply unsustainable, and the regime must be held accountable to the people. Tomorrow at the OAS, I hope to see the hemisphere finally stand up for itself, stop allowing itself to be mollified by the regime’s lies and stall tactics, and hold Maduro’s feet to the fire. Humanitarian aid must be allowed to get through to the people, and the referendum must be held this year. Let the Venezuelan people have their say and finally put an end to this suffering. In September of last year, Mr. Speaker, I joined 19 of my colleagues in sending a bipartisan letter to Secretary Kerry and Secretary Lew urging the administration to enforce a bill that I passed with Senator MARCO RUBIO, the Venezuelan Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act, and to apply sanctions to regime officials in the Venezuelan court system in response to the unjust sentencing of Venezuelan activist Leopoldo Lopez. I asked Obama administration officials: What justification do you have for not carrying out and implementing these sanctions for this miscarriage of justice, and what is the dollar amount of the assets seized of the seven individuals whom you have sanctioned? The State Department has pulled some visas due to human rights violations, but I asked the State Department: Can you tell us how many visas the State Department has pulled, and who are these individuals? Last week, at the OAS meeting in the Dominican Republic, Secretary Kerry stated that Venezuela should follow its own constitution and hold a free, fair, and timely recall referendum. Does he believe or expect that it will happen this year? Lastly, Mr. Speaker, Maduro has stated that he is ready to exchange ambassadors. I think this would be a big mistake because it will look as though we are legitimatizing the illegitimate Maduro regime. I hope that the State Department will not nominate someone this year to be Ambassador of Venezuela, and I hope that we, in the U.S., do more to help the longsuffering people of Venezuela. 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, the horrific mass shooting that took place on June 12 at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, is a stark reminder of the urgent responsibility that we have to reduce gun violence in this country. This monstrous attack on the LGBT community in a place of refuge and empowerment requires us to act. The shooter in Orlando used an assault rifle that is virtually identical to the ones used by mass killers in San Bernardino, Umpqua Community College, Aurora, and Sandy Hook Elementary School. That is no coincidence. Out of the eight highprofile mass shootings that have taken place in the past year, seven involved the use of an assault weapon. When an assault weapon is used in a mass shooting, the number of people shot increases by 153 percent, and the number of people killed increases by 63 percent. These are weapons of war that are designed to kill as many people as possible as quickly as possible. They belong on a battlefield; they don’t belong in our communities; and I will continue to fight to reinstate the assault weapons ban. This morning, I want to use the time that I have to talk about two proposals that the Speaker should bring up for immediate vote: no fly, no buy, and universal background checks. This is really, really simple. If you are too dangerous to fly on an airplane, then you are too dangerous to buy a gun. But under the laws that we have in place today, someone who is on the FBI’s terrorist watch list, who is too dangerous to get on a plane, can still walk into any gun store in America, pass a background check, and walk out with an assault weapon or any other gun he wants. In fact, from 2004 until 2014, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists bought firearms legally in this country, and they are going to continue doing so until we stop them. Until 9/11, bombs were the weapon of choice for terrorists looking to strike the United States; but in the 15 years since then, 95 percent of terrorist deaths that took place in the United States resulted from gunfire. It is impossible—impossible—to understand that House Republicans have now voted 13 times to block the no fly, no buy proposal that Congressman PETER KING and Congressman M IKE THOMPSON introduced to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists in this country. Why? What are they afraid of? That we might actually stop a terrorist from passing a background check before he buys an assault rifle at Cabela’s? Bring the no fly, no buy bill to the floor today. Let’s have an upordown vote. Let the American people hold us accountable for where we stand. This should be a nobrainer. More than 80 percent of Americans believe we should prevent suspected terrorists from buying a gun, and more than 90 percent of Americans believe that a background check should be required on every firearm sale so we can keep guns out of the hands of criminals and those with such serious mental illness that possessing a gun would make them a danger to themselves or others. Bills are pending to fix our background check system and to require a background check on every gun sale. This is one of the single most important and effective steps that we can take to reduce gun violence in this country. Right now, anyone can go to a gun show or get on the Internet and purchase a gun without a background check. As many as two out of every five firearm transactions today are conducted without a background check. It is too easy for a criminal, a domestic abuser, a terrorist, or someone with a serious mental illness to buy a gun through this loophole. Every day, background checks block 171 attempted purchases by felons, 48 attempted purchases by domestic abusers, and 19 attempted purchases by fugitives. It is critical that we strengthen the background check system and require checks on all firearm sales so we can keep more dangerous individuals from acquiring these deadly weapons. Bring the Fix Gun Checks Act to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, we held a moment of silence last week for the victims in Orlando. I know that all of us have kept the victims and their loved ones and the people of Orlando in our thoughts and prayers since June 12. But the best way to honor the lives lost in this horrific tragedy is to do something to prevent it from happening to others. A moment of silence is not enough. We need a moment of sustained action in this Chamber, and we need it today. Mr. Speaker, it will be an insult to the victims of this shooting and their families and every victim of every shooting in this country if we continue to do nothing to prevent future tragedies. Do not let this Chamber adjourn until we have voted on these critical issues. Bring these bills to the floor today. Nothing is more important than stopping the bloodshed and ensuring the safety and security of our constituents. f 
b1030 THE SENATE SHOULD PASS H. CON. RES. 129 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H. Con. Res. 129. To do so, let me share a story about a constituent of mine who is a Holocaust survivor from Lithuania. She was 11 years old when the German SS Nazis marched into her town and gathered her and her family up. She was separated right away from her family, and, I guess fortunately for her, she did not appear Jewish to the German soldiers. When she was asked her name, she told them it was Weber, which happens to be my name and the way my grandfather would have pronounced it when he came over from Germany on the boat in 1903. Anyway, the soldier thought she wasn’t Jewish, so he let her go. She ran into the forest, Mr. Speaker, and she hid in barns and other places until the end of the war. She spent the years of that war hungry and frightened but somehow managed to survive. She was liberated by the Russians at the war’s end. This woman, who was a young girl when she was 11 back during World War II, is now in her 90s and living in my district in her home in Galveston, Texas. Mr. Speaker, she is in need of 24hour care to remain in her home. Unfortunately, funds are running low to keep her in her home, with the high cost of providers. She is unable to stay there, it looks like. She lives on Social Security, but fortunately the Claims Conference has been able to assist her through providing funding by the German Government for 25 regular hours a week and some exceptional hours a week provided on her increasing healthcare needs. Additionally, the Jewish community of Houston, through the generosity of a private fund which assists Holocaust survivors, through case management efforts of Jewish Family Service in Houston, has also been able to provide up to 59 hours a week of home care above that which the German Government has funded. As of June 1, 2016, Mr. Speaker, the Jewish Family Service in Houston has not been able to continue this level of care. She and other constituents of mine who are Holocaust victims would all greatly benefit from increased funding which is included in House Concurrent Resolution 129, asking the German Government to provide that funding for that very home care. This would ensure that those Holocaust survivors are able to remain in their homes with dignity for the remaining few years of their life. Thankfully, H. Con. Res. 129 passed— with bipartisan support, I might add— in the House last week. I encourage our counterparts in the Senate to pass this legislation swiftly. Mr. Speaker, you know I am right. f 
CALLING FOR A VOTE ON BEHALF OF THE VICTIMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I am ROSADELAURO from the State of Connecticut. I represent the Third Congressional District. 
I am so proud today to join with my colleagues on the issue of what do we do in the United States Congress, the body that deliberates the major issues of the day, the body that is entrusted by the people who put their faith and trust in their elected representatives to do right, to do right by the American people, yes, to keep them and their families safe. In Connecticut, gun homicides in 2013 were 71; in 2014, 56—we went down; 2015, 79. Probably one of the most searing events in the United States of America was the massacre of children, of babies in Sandy Hook. That isn’t to say that in every city in this country children are not dying every day. Since Sandy Hook, one American child is killed every single day. These are our children. Almost 100,000 have died by gun violence since Sandy Hook. What I would like to do is to read to you the names of victims at Sandy Hook. These are not what we are here today to speak about. Yes, we talk about statistics and we talk about percentages, but what is important is to know about the flesh and blood behind those numbers. At Sandy Hook: Rachel D’Avino, 29, a teacher’s aide. Dawn Hochsprung, 47, principal of Sandy Hook Elementary School. Ann Marie Murphy, 52, a teacher’s aide. Lauren Rousseau, 30, a teacher. Mary Sherlach, 56, school psychologist. Victoria Leigh Soto, 27, a teacher who hid her children in a closet. And I know, because she was a constituent, her family today suffers every day because of her loss. She shielded these babies, and she lost her life. And who are these babies? Charlotte Bacon, 6 years old. Daniel Barden, 7. Olivia Engel, 6. Josephine Gay, 7. Dylan Hockley, 6. Madeleine Hsu, 6. Catherine Hubbard, 6. Chase Kowalski, 7. Jesse Lewis, 6. Ana MarquezGreene, 6. James Mattioli, 6. Grace McDonnell, 7. Emilie Parker, 6. Jack Pinto, 6. Noah Pozner, 6. Caroline Previdi, 6. Jessica Rekos, 6. Avielle Richman, 6. Benjamin Wheeler, 6. Allison Wyatt, 6. We all have children. We have grandchildren. And I won’t forget that day because my grandchildren at that time were 5, 6, 7, and 8 years old. I had to steel myself to be away from them because when I looked at them I just began to cry, because it can be anyone’s child, anyone’s grandchild who will lose their life. One child every single day is killed by gun violence in the United States of America. They leave families, they leave siblings who are unable to even cope with the sense of loss. These families have tried to channel their grief by the Newtown Promise. Why are we here today? We are here today to say: universal background checks; no fly, no buy. It is as simple as that. And for me personally, as my colleague from Rhode Island said, we should ban assault weapons. We should ban them. That is what occurred at Sandy Hook and several other of these tragedies. The American people sent us here to vote. That is what you have done, demand that this Congress vote on this issue. Debate it and vote, and people can be free to vote whatever way they choose to, but our Constitution says we vote on these issues. We should not be denied. Those children all over America, the adults, should not be forgotten. They should be remembered and that this body was allowed to vote on their behalf. 
WE SHOULD PROTECT ARTISTS AND SONGWRITERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the DMCA, as it is commonly known here in this Chamber, is nearly 20 years old. Now, just as a reminder, 20 years ago, Google was being born, Americans were out dancing the ‘‘Macarena,’’ and they were holding cell phones that were the size of bricks. That was 20 years ago. Tech companies like YouTube may have changed the way Americans consume music, but our laws have not kept pace to protect the songwriters and the artists who actually create that music. This week, 180 musical artists and songwriters, including Taylor Swift, Paul McCartney, The Black Keys, and the bands Chicago and U2, sent a letter to Congress calling for the reform of the 1998 Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a copy of this letter. 
DEAR CONGRESS : The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) is broken and no longer works for creators. As songwriters and artists who are a vital contributing force to the U.S. and to American exports around the world, we are writing to express our concern about the ability of the next generation of creators to earn a living. The existing laws threaten the continued viability of songwriters and recording artists to survive from the creation of music. Aspiring creators shouldn’t have to decide between making music and making a living. Please protect them. One of the biggest problems confronting songwriters and recording artists today is the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. This law was written and passed in an era that is technologically outofdate compared to the era in which we live. It has allowed major tech companies to grow and generate huge profits by creating ease of use for consumers to carry almost every recorded song in history in their pocket via a smartphone, while songwriters’ and artists’ earnings continue to diminish. Music consumption has skyrocketed, but the monies earned by individual writers and artists for that consumption has plummeted. The DMCA simply doesn’t work. It’s impossible for tens of thousands of individual songwriters and artists to muster the resources necessary to comply with its application. The tech companies who benefit from the DMCA today were not the intended protectorate when it was signed into law nearly two decades ago. We ask you to enact sensible reform that balances the interests of creators with the interests of the companies who exploit music for their financial enrichment. It’s only then that consumers will truly benefit. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Here is the problem: the DMCA safe harbor provision. What this does, YouTube has created a platform where anyone with a smartphone can access nearly any song ever recorded. Often this content is infringed, and it does not—does not— compensate the artist who created it. The safe harbor provision immunizes YouTube from claims of copyright infringement if it removes the infringing content in a timely fashion after YouTube has been notified by an artist or a record company. With millions of songs on YouTube, it is really impossible. Grammywinning jazz/classical composer Maria Schneider has said the following about the DMCA: ‘‘The DMCA makes it my responsibility to police the entire Internet on a daily basis. As fast as I take my music down, it reappears again on the same site like an endless WhacAMole game.’’ This not only threatens the vitality of songwriters but the economic contributions they make in our communities. Take my home area in Tennessee. A 2012 study shows that in Nashville itself the music industry is a $5.5 billion asset to the economy. Looking at the entire middle Tennessee region, it is $9.7 billion. This is a fundamental American principle. If you make something, if you create something, it belongs to you. In no other walk of life do we allow people to steal the work of others and turn a blind eye, except when it comes to songwriters and entertainers. Our friends in the tech industry, who do little to nothing to see that the songwriter is protected on their platforms, are the first ones to complain if one of their patents is slightly infringed upon. So I ask them, why are their creations deserving of protection but the creations of others are not? It is unfair, and they know it. But creators are not going to keep taking it. The times, they are a changin’, as Bob Dylan would say. That is why, for years, I have sought to protect music creators through legislation, like the Fair Play Fair Pay Act that Representative NADLER and I are working on and the Songwriter Equity Act. To our friends in the tech industry, I say this: willful blindness or situational ethics aren’t okay; ignorance 
and denial, not acceptable; and refusing to pay people for their work is unfair, and it really needs to stop. This is about fairness, and it is about honoring the law by enforcing the law. It is that simple. 
b1045 DEBATE GUN CONTROL LEGISLATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, we should not be here today. We should not have to come to the floor of the House of Representatives to beg the majority party just to debate and vote on commonsense gun legislation that the vast majority of Americans demand. We should not be living in a society where debate and even scientific research about gun violence are stifled and silenced by the majority in Congress, and we should not live in a country where gun violence takes such a toll on our citizens. But here we are, standing up for the millions of Americans who want Congress to do something and honoring the thousands of Americans who have lost their lives to gun violence. Here we are, standing up for our constituents who are tired of the excuses and want to hear a debate and want to see us take action on gun violence. And here we are today to represent the victims. The list is so long: Orlando, San Bernardino, Newton, Fort Hood, Charleston. The list goes on. Nine in a church, 23 in a restaurant, 26 in an elementary school, and now 49 in a nightclub. The victims are men and women, Black and White, rich and poor, old and young. At a McDonald’s in California, an 8 monthold baby was killed, along with his mother who was trying to shelter him when a gunman came in and started shooting. At a North Carolina nursing home, a 98yearold grandmother was killed when a shooter came in and opened fire. Here in the United States, you are 10 times more likely to be killed by a gun than in any other developed Nation in the world. Of the 23 richest and most developed countries in the world, we have, by far, the most gun violence. We have half the population of the other 22, but 90 percent of the women killed by a gun are killed by a gun in the United States. Ninetyone percent of the children under age 14, who are killed by a gun, are killed by a gun in the United States. And if you are a young person in this country, you are 50 times more likely to die of a gun death than in all of those other countries. We have the most guns and we have the most gun violence. Mr. Speaker, we have the NRA. Through fear, intimidation, and misinformation, the NRA has taken control over the debate on guns to such an extent that we cannot even vote in this Chamber on whether we should keep guns out of the hands of terrorists. Right now, someone can be on both the terrorist watch list and the nofly list. In other words, the FBI thinks you are a terrorist and the TSA bans you from flying, but if you want to drive down to your local gun store and buy an assault rifle, there is nothing anyone can do to stop you. Over the last 10 years, people on the terrorist watch list tried to buy explosives or firearms 2,233 times. Over 90 percent of the time, they were successful. This is wrong. The American people know it is wrong, public health officials know it is wrong, and nearly every single law enforcement association in America knows it is wrong, which is why they are all in favor of closing the terrorist gun loophole. In fact, a recent poll by a Republican pollster found 76 percent of gun owners and 71 percent of NRA members said suspected terrorists should not be allowed to buy guns. If you were to walk outside the House of Representatives right now and stop someone walking down the street and ask the simple question: Should terrorists be allowed to buy guns, you would get a very simple answer. They would say: No, of course terrorists should not be allowed to buy guns. But they can. Republicans here in the House won’t even let us have a debate and a vote on it. How did we get here, Mr. Speaker? How has the debate shifted so far away from commonsense gun regulation that a proposal to close the terrorist gun loophole is this controversial? Why is it that, here in the House, debate is silenced and we are not allowed to vote? The closest we came to a debate on gun legislation recently came last week when a controversy erupted about the standard procedure to observe a moment of silence on the House floor after a mass shooting. Mr. Speaker, it is shameful that we have allowed this country to get to a point where Congress has to even have a standard procedure to observe mass shootings, yet we aren’t even allowed to have a debate about legislation to address this problem. It is time for us to stand up to the NRA, to have a fair and open debate about gun violence, and it is time for all of us to do our job representing the American people. 
EPIDEMIC OF GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today heartbroken and angered once again by the rampant epidemic of gun violence plaguing our Nation. Gun violence is on the rise across the country. I am not just talking about the tragic mass shootings that grip our collective attention. I am talking about the everyday shootings that go undetected by the national media. Last year, gun deaths became the number one killer of youths aged 16–24. We are on track to break this record in 2016. Just this past Father’s Day weekend, 41 people were shot—13 of them fatally—in Chicago. The shootings in those 60 hours claimed the city’s 300th recorded homicide this year. This is the list of the names of the people who have lost their lives to gun violence. I don’t have enough time to name every name. Amari Brown, 7 years old, was the youngest. He was shot in the back. In 2016 alone, more than 1,800 people have been shot across Chicago. Among this weekend’s victims was 3 yearold Devon Quinn. On Sunday, Devon was riding with his father to pick up his mother from work when a hail of bullets hit their car. Devon is still hospitalized. Devon’s story is, unfortunately, all too common in communities like some of the ones that I represent, where a trip down the street to a convenience store or a gas station could end in tragedy. I am tired of hearing stories like this. It saddens me and angers me each time I speak with constituents and hear their all too familiar story of losing a loved one to gun violence. I am frustrated not only because we are losing an entire generation to gun violence, but because so many of these deaths were preventable if Congress had just had the courage to take action. Sadly, we don’t even talk about gun deaths until it is forced into our lives with another tragic mass shooting. When this happens, we give our fiery speeches, hold our moments of silence, and then we wait for the national buzz to fade. It is a shameful and disrespectful ritual that proves that Congress has little to no plans to truly honor the lives of gun violence victims. This weekend on ‘‘Meet the Press,’’ the Speaker gave his fellow Republicans a pass to ‘‘vote their conscience’’ with respect to their Presidential support. I ask the Speaker to give his colleagues a pass when it comes to voting on backgrounds checks, which 90 percent of Americans support. With each shooting, we are quick to say that it is a mental health problem, it is a family problem, it is a terror problem. But somehow it is never a gun problem. It is time we look at the common denominator and accept that the root of the problem is about how guns get into the hands of those seeking to do harm. Prayer and reflection brings comfort to those who mourn, but scripture of all faiths teaches that prayer must be met by good deeds. Silence without action is deafening. The majority of the American people want greater action. They want to close the gun show and online loopholes that allow people to purchase 
guns without a background check. They want medical experts and their government to research this plague of gun violence for what it is: a public health crisis. They want to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists on the no fly list. Why is it that when someone poses a credible national security threat, we ensure that they cannot fly on a plane, but they can still purchase a firearm? With each second that passes without action, we are risking another Devon Quinn, another Hadiya Pendleton, another Blair Holt. We are risking another Orlando, another Sandy Hook, another Virginia Tech. So I ask my colleagues: Just who exactly has to die and how many before we finally put an end to this? Just how many birthdays, Father’s Days, Mother’s Days must go uncelebrated? How many wouldbe graduations must pass? How many empty chairs at a kitchen table must there be before we show courage and say ‘‘enough’’ and take action to pass measures that keep us safe instead of going on with our violence? It is deafening. Bring these bills to the floor. 
GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) for 5 minutes. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning in solidarity with my colleagues about the mass shootings that are going on in our country. The Orlando mass shooting has been another demonstration for some Americans of an ongoing daily violence and daily nightmare: gun violence in our country. Now, we all know that there is a systemic problem for many in our communities of lack in opportunities: lack of education, adequate afterschool and summer programs, job training, expansion of economic opportunities. But we know measures that will help to increase funding for these programs will never reach this floor. We know also that Republicans refuse to take up other measures as well. What they can address right now, right here, is expanded background checks, prevention of gun sales to those on a nofly list, and a ban on assault weapons. Now, I grew up fishing and hunting with my dad. I passed that on to my children. So owning a gun is not something that I believe should not happen, but I know that it is not an absolute right. As the granddaughter of a police commissioner, the daughter of a New York City cop, a former Bronx prosecutor, and a Justice Department official, the war on crime, the war on these mass shootings and destruction would be well served by voting on expanded background checks, prevention of gun sales to those on the nofly list, and a ban on assault weapons. On the small islands that I represent, the U.S. Virgin Islands, there have been over 300 gunrelated deaths over the last 5 years. For a place with a population of 100,000, to have 300 gunrelated deaths in 3 years accounts for a murder rate and a death per capita that is several times the national average. Now, much of this is through a lack of opportunity, but also—and absolutely—the influx of illegal assaults weapons, such as highcaliber weapons of mass murder, that come into the market. Those, coupled, in our instance, with the drug trade, have left our community in fear and mourning for our young. Last year alone, there were twice as many gun deaths per capita in the Virgin Islands than there were in most American cities that we could traditionally think of as having a high gun rate. Who are the victims of the destruction just this year in the Virgin Islands? I am going to name them because we never hear names like this. We have our moments of silence for the large groups, but these are the daytoday individuals that died: January 9, two unnamed males; January 20, Stephen Coleman and Heidi Mills; January 21, Tishawn Samuel, 24; February 2, Juan Encarnacion, 30; March 5, Evan Ezekiel Joseph, 38; March 8, Conrad Phipps, 30; March 22, Kishawn Fleming, 23; March 27, Hans Oliver, 38; March 28, Kayan Payne and Kanta Payne, 33 and 29; April 19, Joseph duCreay, 19; April 28, Javan Benjamin, 22; May 1, Shedale Gabriel, 25; May 22, Vershawn Monsanto, 21; June 4, Shaki Alexander, 21, and Kerven Joseph 19; June 12, Ojahnia Adkins, 22, and Jahfari Samuel, 34; June 20, Devon Freeman, 42. The blood of these victims speak to me. I hope, Mr. Speaker, it speaks to you. Bring the bills to the floor. Vote it up or vote it down, but do your job. 
b1100 LET’S DO SOMETHING TO PROTECT THE CHILDREN OF AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, pretty much everything has been said, except I think, obviously, the leadership is still not hearing us. And it is not just us who are saying this; the American people are saying this. Everyone has seen the polls. Everyone knows the reality that, in the last couple of weeks, 90 percent of the American people want us to do very simple things: no fly, no buy and closing gaping, not small, but gaping loopholes in the background check. Now, like some of my colleagues, I personally would go further. My constituents would support that. There are many things we could be doing, but we are not asking for those things because we know that is a difficult lift in the House of Representatives. But I represent the same number of people as every other Member here, about 750,000 people. And when 90 percent of those constituents in every district wants us to take simple, direct action, I think it is a dereliction of duty and responsibility and our oath to ignore that unless there is some moral reason for us to disagree with some constituents. On this issue, I can’t believe anyone has a moral disagreement with this. Everyone’s talking about Orlando, and that is obviously the most important, most compelling one. But since the Orlando shooting, in the last 10 days, the last 10 days in America, there have been 77 people, at least, killed with guns—at least. And I say that because many of these things get minimal reporting. Why? Because all of us are used to turning on the local news in every corner of this country every single night and seeing another act of violence, almost always committed with a gun, across America. It is not an urban problem or a rural problem; it is across the country. And we have become a little desensitized to it because it happens all the time. Once in a while, we will get an Orlando tragedy or a Sandy Hook tragedy, and we will all jump up and down and say how upset we are. But, as has been pointed out many times, we don’t seem to get all that upset when two or three people get shot in the middle of some other place. Sometimes, we think: well, it is probably just gang violence. It is just one gang member shooting another gang member. Maybe they deserve it. America is better off. How do you say that when there is a 3yearold who gets shot, or a 7year old? How dare you say that. Or a woman walking down the street, or people literally just sitting in their homes innocently. People say that some of the proposals that have been made wouldn’t have stopped Orlando or wouldn’t have stopped Sandy Hook or wouldn’t have stopped something else. You know what? Maybe they are right. I don’t know. But I have never in my life, either politically or personally, used the excuse that because I can’t do everything that, therefore, I should do nothing. That is nothing more than a lame excuse. If we can save the life of one person by taking simple actions that everybody seems to agree with—if you can’t fly, you can’t buy a gun; close the loopholes in background checks—no one has a problem with background checks. Most Americans don’t know there are loopholes. And I don’t mean little ones. I mean gaping ones. As you heard earlier, about 40 percent of the guns sold in this country are not subject to background checks. That is not a loophole. That is a gaping loophole. 
In the last 10 days, 239 Americans have been injured with guns. Now, some say, well, it is in home defense, it is accidental shootings. And that is true. Some of them are. All this stuff is available to anybody who wants to take 5 minutes and do a simple Internet search like I did. There are dozens of reputable Web sites that have this information. One of them, the Gun Violence Archive—simple statistics, not advocating, statistics—in 2015, the last calendar year, they list 13,433 deaths by gun. That is 36.8 per day. And, this year, we are on pace to exceed that. Of that, two children under the age of 11 per day were shot—two per day. Yes, about 10 percent of the incidents were home invasions, defensive use, and accidental shooting, which is why none of us are trying to impede law abiding American citizens from owning a gun. But that leaves 90 percent of the gun activity outside that. For us to not take action, in my opinion, is indefensible. In 18 years, I have never participated in this Morning Hour discussion. I haven’t done it because I find most of this, more often than not, somebody’s reason to make a political statement. And I guess on some levels that is what I am doing right now. But, on occasion, things get to the point where we, as a group, have to stand up, that we, individually, have to stand up and demand what is the simplest action imaginable—if you are too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy—the simplest action, put it on the floor. I would respect someone for coming up and voting ‘‘no.’’ I would disagree, but at least they wouldn’t be able to hide behind their own political rhetoric that somehow people like me are trying to pull guns away from them. The truth is it is a simple action. And I will tell you, as a House Member, I am a bit embarrassed that the Senate was at least able to put it on the floor. At least they will have to answer to their constituents. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CAPUANO. I understand that, Mr. Speaker. This issue has not expired, and this issue will not go away. And this issue will not be the end of this debate today or tomorrow, until we get a vote on these simple issues and do something to protect the children of America. 
GUN VIOLENCE IN CHICAGO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, over last Father’s Day weekend, 13 people were killed with guns in Chicago, my hometown. Another 46 were injured. One of those critically injured was 3 yearold Devon Quinn. Devon and his father were sitting in their green van when someone pulled up and started firing shots into a crowd of people. Devon was hit in the right shoulder by a bullet as he sat in his car. He was not the target, and he was another innocent victim in a terrible year of gun violence. A 17yearold boy was walking down 46th Street, and he was mowed down by an assault weapon. According to the Chicago Tribune, about 1,800 people have been shot in Chicago this year. Over 200 of them have died from guns. When shootings becomes so commonplace, we risk forgetting how traumatic each one is for the people involved. I recently received a letter from Kiara, a high school senior in my district, and she wrote: Talking on the phone with a good friend a few nights ago, I heard the disturbing noise of gunshots. Feelings of fear overwhelmed me as my friend was talking as he was walking home from the train station after a long day at work. Almost immediately, communication broke. I called back over and over again with no response. I was on the verge of a meltdown, thinking of what could have happened to him. After what seemed like the longest 10 minutes of my life, I received a text letting me know that he was okay but needed to call 911, as someone had been shot by a driveby shooting. I sat there, frozen. What could I do? Then, thoughts of hopelessness and sadness took hold over me, and I thought about the family of this poor, innocent person who was just shot and how terrible that phone call must have been from the hospital. I understand the need for guns and the role they play in protection in times of war and so on. But what I don’t understand is the internal debate and menace within the United States over the use and misuse of weapons. 
Too often, we forget the names of victims and the pain of their loved ones, as Congress continues to do nothing to stop the violence. Most don’t even get that empty gesture of a moment of silence, and, even so, we have done 27 moments of silence since Sandy Hook. How numb have we become to everyday violence that we only stop for that lone minute to recognize the most horrific shootings? Fortynine victims in Orlando, schoolchildren in Newtown, churchgoers murdered in Charleston. Just during the Senate filibuster on gun violence last week, 48 people were shot. As the mass shootings get worse and worse, we can’t let these daily shootings fade into the background of America. I know that my constituents feel frustrated and ignored when Congress responds to each of these tragedies with inaction. Angela wrote to me from the Rogers Park neighborhood of Chicago, where I grew up: 
I am writing to you as a frustrated and saddened constituent who is tired of watching innocent people die because the NRA holds our Congresspeople hostage. I am begging you, on behalf of our students, teachers, police, LGBT, and every innocent person who has been affected by senseless gun violence, to please use this moment to enact meaningful gun control in our country. We have had decades of complacency from our government on this issue. It is no longer excusable, particularly for someone representing Chicago. You know where these legally purchased guns end up and that hundreds of our children and families pay the price for what selfish maniacs claim is their personal freedom. And I have many more letters like those calling on those of us in Congress to do our job and reduce gun violence in our country. Neighbors ask me for action at the grocery store and at the gym and as I boarded the plane yesterday. We can start by enacting two gun safety proposals that are overwhelmingly supported among our constituents, all of our constituents. Close the terrorist loophole. If you are too dangerous to fly on an airplane, you should not be able to buy a gun. People can’t even believe that that isn’t the law already. We need universal background checks. Forty percent of those guns used in violence in Chicago are bought legally at Indiana gun shows, where there are no background checks. These proposals won’t stop every single gun death, but we know that they will stop some. And, yes, there are a lot of other things we could do too. I call on Speaker RYAN, along with my colleagues, to bring these bills to the floor before we break. Americans are calling for action on gun violence. They are tired of being ignored. No bill, no break. 
THE NEED FOR UNIVERSAL BACKGROUND CHECKS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) for 5 minutes. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, our Nation is still horrified and heartbroken over the brutal act of terror and hate that killed 49 and wounded many more in Orlando, Florida, just over a week ago. We stand in solidarity with the loved ones of those who were lost, with the LGBT community that suffered this unimaginable act of violence, and the entire Orlando community as they work to move forward from this tragedy. We can work together to disarm hate. Gun violence has become unacceptably commonplace in the country. The Orlando attack is only the latest and the most deadly mass shooting in the history of the United States. We have a responsibility to do more to keep guns out of the wrong hands. But, Mr. Speaker, it is not just mass shootings that should be our focus. Guns have taken more lives in this country since 1968 than were lost in all the wars this Nation has ever fought. On average, more than 89 people each day die due to gun violence, whether that is by homicide, suicide, or accident. That is more than 33,000 Americans being killed by guns each year. 
In just over the 3 years since Newtown, more than 111,300 people have been killed by someone using a gun in America. In my State of Maryland, in 2015 alone, more than 340 Marylanders have lost their lives to homicide by guns. Yet, despite the national consensus for legislation to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists and convicted felons and domestic abusers, a vocal minority, led by the National Rifle Association, stands in the way of commonsense proposals to keep our Nation safer. Those voices are forcing a false choice between constitutional rights and safe streets. We can do both. Congress can and must enact laws that improve the public safety while respecting the Constitution. b1115 This Congress has no right to hold moments of silence anymore and then do nothing to prevent the next tragedy. This is a moment of truth for Congress. We cannot have another moment of silence without action. We can and should expand and strengthen our background checks and pass the bipartisan no fly, no buy bill to keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists. So today what we know is that across this country there are people who go to unlicensed dealers at gun shows and do what they could not do if they went to Walmart to get a gun, and that is to get one without passing a background check. These unlicensed dealers are a significant source of crimes in my State and across the country, with an estimate of 40 percent of all purchases made through them without a background check. Studies show that background checks actually do stop 170 felons, 50 domestic abusers, and 20 fugitives every single day from buying weapons. It works when you do it. Recent polling shows that universal background checks are universally supported across the political spectrum. A CBS poll released just last week showed that 89 percent of the public supports legislation requiring background checks—the lowhanging fruit, the common denominator—and that includes 97 percent of Democrats, 92 percent of Republicans, and 82 percent of Independents. Who is left out? The vocal minority led by the National Rifle Association. Let’s talk about the National Rifle Association, Mr. Speaker, because they actually used to support universal background checks at gun shows. On May 27, 1999, Wayne LaPierre, the current executive president and CEO of the National Rifle Association, testified before the House Judiciary Committee about 1 month before Columbine, in which 12 high school students and one teacher were murdered. He said this: ‘‘We think it’s reasonable to provide mandatory instant background checks for every sale at every gun show. No loopholes anywhere for anyone.’’ That is a direct quote from Wayne LaPierre of the National Rifle Association. When did they change? When it became politically expedient to do the job of the gun industry. So, unfortunately, they have flipped their position. They no longer support expanded background checks, and they have worked to prohibit that action here in Congress. So I will say, Mr. Speaker, to Speaker RYAN and to my Republican colleagues: Enough already. We are tired. We are done. It is past time for the Congress to listen to the American public instead of to the National Rifle Association, to listen to the overwhelming number of Democrats, Republicans, and Independents, and to take guns out of the hands of terrorists, convicted felons, and those who would do harm to others. No bill, no break. It is time to disarm hate. 
COMMONSENSE GUN CONTROL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) for 5 minutes. Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I would ask that all of my colleagues join me on the floor. On occasion, Mr. Speaker, I have had what I call an executive session with myself. For months, even for years, through several sessions of Congress, I wondered what would bring this body to take action, what would finally make Congress do what is right, what is just, what the people of this country have been demanding, and what is long overdue. We have lost hundreds and thousands of innocent people to gun violence: tiny little children, babies, students and teachers, mothers and fathers, sisters and brothers, daughters and sons, friends and neighbors. What has this body done? Mr. Speaker, nothing. Not one thing. We have turned deaf ears. We have turned deaf ears to the blood of the innocent and the concern of our Nation. We are blind to a crisis. Mr. Speaker, where is the heart of this body? Where is our soul? Where is our moral leadership? Where is our courage? Those who work on bipartisan solutions are pushed aside. Those who pursue commonsense improvement are beaten down. Reason is criticized. Obstruction is praised. Newtown, Aurora, Charleston, Orlando. What is the tipping point? Are we blind? Can we see? How many more mothers and how many more fathers need to shed tears of grief before we do something? We were elected to lead, Mr. Speaker. We must be headlights and not taillights. We cannot continue to stick our heads in the sand and ignore the reality of mass gun violence in our Nation. Deadly mass shootings are becoming more and more frequent. Mr. Speaker, this is a fact. It is not an opinion. We must remove the blinders. The time for silence and patience is long gone. We are calling on the leadership of the House to bring commonsense gun control legislation to the House floor. Give us a vote. Let us vote. We came here to do our job. We came here to work. The American people are demanding action. Do we have the courage? Do we have raw courage to make at least a down payment on ending gun violence in America? We can no longer wait. We can no longer be patient. So today we come to the well of the House to dramatize the need for action—not next month, not next year, but now, today. Sometimes you have to do something out of the ordinary. Sometimes you have to make a way out of no way. We have been too quiet for too long. There comes a time when you have to say something, when you have to make a little noise, and when you have to move your feet. This is the time. Now is the time to get in the way. The time to act is now. We will be silent no more. The time for silence is over. 
COMMONSENSE GUN CONTROL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ) for 2 minutes. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues. For all of America that is listening, you just heard the soul of the United States Congress speak. The soul of this Nation cries out for a vote. We are gathered here on this floor today to accomplish a single goal. We implore and we ask our colleagues—our colleague from Georgia stood on that side to appeal to the better angels on that side of the aisle—to provide us with the simple dignity that every American is calling for: a vote. Mr. LEWIS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. I yield to the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON), my friend and brother, for yielding. Now is the time for us to find a way to dramatize it, to make it real. We have to occupy the floor of the House until there is action. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, rise up, Democrats. Rise up, Americans. This cannot stand. We will occupy this floor. We will no longer be denied a right to vote. Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. I yield to the gentleman from Maryland, our minority whip and leader. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, we sit down so we can stand up for America. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at noon. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand with the American people today and protect access to affordable retirement advice by voting to override the President’s veto. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question. The SPEAKER. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by a 5minute vote on passing the joint resolution, the objections of the President to the contrary notwithstanding. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 229, noes 175, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 28, as follows: [Roll No. 337] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—175 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bishop (UT) Brady (TX) Clawson (FL) Cuellar Farr Fattah Fincher Franks (AZ) Granger Herrera Beutler Joyce Kirkpatrick Love Marino McCaul Paulsen Polis Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Sherman Shimkus Shuster Speier Takai Walz Westmoreland Whitfield 
b2221 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). The question is, Will the House, on reconsideration, pass the joint resolution, the objections of the President to the contrary notwithstanding? Under the Constitution, the vote must be by the yeas and nays. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 239, nays 180, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Beyer Clawson (FL) Farr Fattah Fincher Herrera Beutler Marino Polis Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Speier Takai Walz Westmoreland Whitfield 
b2230 So (twothirds not being in the affirmative) the veto of the President was sustained and the joint resolution was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, in the confusion that marked this night, I did not hear the second vote (rollcall 338) and missed the vote. I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Stated against: Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 338. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The veto message and the joint resolution are referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. The Clerk will notify the Senate of the action of the House. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4768, SEPARATION OF POWERS RESTORATION ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 23, 2016, THROUGH JULY 4, 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–641) on the resolution (H. Res. 796) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4768) to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial review of agency interpretations of statutory and regulatory provisions; providing for proceedings during the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2577, TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 23, 2016, THROUGH JULY 4, 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–642) on the resolution (H. Res. 797) providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON THURSDAY, JUNE 23, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Sessions moves that when the House adjourns on the legislative day of Wednesday, June 22, 2016, it adjourn to meet at 2:30 a.m. on Thursday, June 23, 2016. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is not debatable. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 234, noes 166, not voting 34, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—166 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Ashford Bost Clawson (FL) Clay Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio Fattah Fincher Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Herrera Beutler Higgins Hinojosa Jones Kirkpatrick Lynch Marino McDermott Miller (MI) Pallone Pitts Polis Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Speier Takai Thornberry Vela Walz Westmoreland Whitfield Young (AK) 
b0117 So the motion to fix next convening time was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
MOTION TO ADJOURN Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 234, noes 173, not voting 27, as follows: [Roll No. 340] AYES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Clawson (FL) Clay Davis, Danny Fattah Fincher Grayson Herrera Beutler Higgins Hinojosa Jones Kirkpatrick Marino McDermott Miller (MI) Pallone Pitts Polis Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Speier Takai Thornberry Vela Walz Westmoreland Whitfield Young (AK) 
b0133 So the motion to adjourn was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 34 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Thursday, June 23, 2016, at 2:30 a.m. 
SUBPART B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLEMENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
SUBPART A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
825.100 The Family and Medical Leave Act. 825.101 Purpose of the FMLA. 825.102 Definitions. 825.103 [Reserved] 825.104 Covered employing offices. 825.105 [Reserved] 825.106 Joint employer coverage. 825.107–825.109 [Reserved] 825.110 Eligible employee. 825.111 [Reserved] 825.112 Qualifying reasons for leave, general rule. 825.113 Serious health condition. 825.114 Inpatient care. 825.115 Continuing treatment. 825.116–825.118 [Reserved] 825.119 Leave for treatment of substance abuse. 825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. 825.121 Leave for adoption or foster care. 825.122 Definitions of covered servicemember, spouse, parent, son or daughter, next of kin of a covered servicemember, adoption, foster care, son or daughter on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, son or daughter of a covered servicemember, and parent of a covered servicemember. 825.123 Unable to perform the functions of the position. 825.124 Needed to care for a family member or covered servicemember. 825.125 Definition of health care provider. 825.126 Leave because of a qualifying exigency. 825.127 Leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness (military caregiver leave). 
SUBPART B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLEMENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
825.200 Amount of leave. 825.201 Leave to care for a parent. 825.202 Intermittent leave or reduced leave schedule. 825.203 Scheduling of intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 825.204 Transfer of an employee to an alternative position during intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave. 825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 825.206 Interaction with the FLSA. 825.207 Substitution of paid leave. 825.208 [Reserved] 825.209 Maintenance of employee benefits. 825.210 Employee payment of group health benefit premiums. 825.211 Maintenance of benefits under multi employer health plans. 825.212 Employee failure to pay health plan premium payments. 825.213 Employing office recovery of benefit costs. 825.214 Employee right to reinstatement. 825.215 Equivalent position. 825.216 Limitations on an employee’s right to reinstatement. 825.217 Key employee, general rule. 825.218 Substantial and grievous economic injury. 825.219 Rights of a key employee. 
825.220 Protection for employees who request leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. 
SUBPART C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA. 
825.300 Employing office notice requirements. 825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. 825.302 Employee notice requirements for foreseeable FMLA leave. 825.303 Employee notice requirements for unforeseeable FMLA leave. 825.304 Employee failure to provide notice. 825.305 Certification, general rule. 825.306 Content of medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 825.307 Authentication and clarification of medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. 825.308 Recertifications for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 825.309 Certification for leave taken because of a qualifying exigency. 825.310 Certification for leave taken to care for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). 825.311 Intent to return to work. 825.312 Fitnessforduty certification. 825.313 Failure to provide certification. 
825.400 Enforcement of FMLA rights, as made applicable by the CAA. 825.401–825.404 [Reserved] 
SUBPART E—[Reserved] SUBPART F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF SCHOOLS 
825.600 Special rules for school employees, definitions. 825.601 Special rules for school employees, limitations on intermittent leave. 825.602 Special rules for school employees, limitations on leave near the end of an academic term. 825.603 Special rules for school employees, duration of FMLA leave. 825.604 Special rules for school employees, restoration to an equivalent position. 
SUBPART G—EFFECT OF OTHER LAWS, EMPLOYING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA 
825.700 Interaction with employing office’s policies. 825.701 [Reserved] 825.702 Interaction with antidiscrimination laws as applied by section 201 of the CAA. SUBPART H—[Reserved] 
SUBPART E—[RESERVED] SUBPART F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF SCHOOLS 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5752. A letter from the Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Use of Symbols in Labeling [Docket No.: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: Committee of Conference. Conference report on H.R. 2577. A bill making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–640). Ordered to be printed. [June 23, (legislative day of June 22) 2016] Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 796. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4768) to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial review of agency interpretations of statutory and regulatory provisions; providing for proceedings during the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–641). Referred to the House Calendar. [June 23, (legislative day of June 22) 2016] Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 797. Resolution providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–642). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and Mr. ROEof Tennessee): H.R. 5555. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to improve endoflife care and advanced illness management; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 5556. A bill to establish the Great Bend of the Gila National Monument in the State of Arizona, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. LEE, Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. FUDGE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. MEEKS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Miss RICEof New York, and Mr. R ANGEL ): H.R. 5557. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 and the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to prohibit an election official from requiring an individual to present a piece of identification that has an associated cost as a condition of voting or registering to vote in an election for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself and Mr. HINOJOSA ): H.R. 5558. A bill to extend the authorization of appropriations to the Department of Veterans Affairs for purposes of awarding grants to veterans service organizations for the transportation of highly rural veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself and Mr. CLAY): H.R. 5559. A bill to amend section 1206 of the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013 to clarify the application of rules on the calculation of hospital length of stay to certain moratoriumexcepted longterm care hospitals (LTCHs); to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself and Mrs. LOWEY ): H.R. 5560. A bill to restrict the use of steel jaw leghold traps and Conibear traps on animals in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Georgia (for himself, Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. WOODALL , Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ARTER  of Georgia, and Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia): H.R. 5561. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to former United States Senator Max Cleland; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5562. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for Congressional appointment of members of the Medicaid and CHIP Payment Advisory Commission (MACPAC); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JOLLY: H.R. 5563. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide for increased local funding of airport development projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 5564. A bill to require that the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the National Park Service, create a program to help ensure that youth from urban areas have access to National Parks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 5565. A bill to amend the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act to provide free admission to Federal recreational lands and waters for children 17 years of age and younger on their birthday, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5566. A bill to establish a process for the termination of certain programs of the Department of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5567. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require that all Federal Direct Stafford Loans, Federal Direct Unsubsidized Stafford Loans, and Federal Direct PLUS Loans have the same rates of interest; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself and Mr. HASTINGS ): H.R. 5568. A bill to authorize assistance for the Government of Tunisia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. STUTZMAN: H.R. 5569. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to repeal the authority of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to restrict arbitration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 5570. A bill to release a Wilderness Study Area administered by the Bureau of Land Management in Jackson County, Colorado that was not found suitable for wilderness designation, and to release residual Wilderness Study Area acreage in Mesa and Delta Counties, Colorado that were excluded from their respective wilderness designations from continued management for wilderness characteristics; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself and Mr. SMITH of Texas): H.R. 5571. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide sexual assault survivors with certain rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: H. Con. Res. 139. Concurrent resolution providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 2577; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on 
House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
264. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, relative to Senate Resolution No. 384, urging the President, the Congress of the United States and the EPA to expeditiously determine if a Federal drinking water standard should be issued for perfluorooctane sulfonate and perfluorooctanoic acid that can be enforced in the same manner as lead and arsenic; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Armed Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 224: Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. HINOJOSA . H.R. 226: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 335: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 358: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 376: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 402: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 525: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 546: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 612: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 711: Mr. KIND. H.R. 752: Mr. HIGGINS . H.R. 842: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 887: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 916: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 918: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 921: Mr. ROONEY of Florida, Mr. J ODY B. HICEof Georgia, Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 969: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 1076: Mr. RUIZ, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. CUMMINGS , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali fornia, Ms. FUDGE , and Mr. G RAYSON . H.R. 1117: Mr. JOLLY . H.R. 1172: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1361: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 1362: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 1398: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 1439: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 1538: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1594: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 1745: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 1814: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 1854: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 2059: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 2096: Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 2180: Ms. LEE. H.R. 2215: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 2274: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 2278: Mr. BUCK. H.R. 2311: Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 2315: Mr. REICHERT and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 2350: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2380: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 2404: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 2411: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 2434: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 2446: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 2641: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 2646: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Ms. KUSTER , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 2741: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2867: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 2963: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 2992: Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. JOLLY , and Mr. R USSELL . H.R. 3014: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 3051: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 3119: Mr. YODER and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 3229: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 3314: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 3323: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 3423: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 3526: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3684: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 3765: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 3815: Ms. GRAHAM and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 3830: Ms. NORTON , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 3870: Mr. NUGENT and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 3882: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 3892: Mr. WALBERG and Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 3926: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 4007: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan and Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 4058: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4164: Mr. POSEY . 
H.R. 4237: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4247: Mr. WALBERG , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. HILL, and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 4269: Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 4277: Mr. COHEN , Ms. P INGREE and Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4352: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 4365: Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 4381: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. COFFMAN , and Ms. G RANGER . H.R. 4442: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 4460: Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 4499: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 4554: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4603: Mr. HINOJOSA . H.R. 4614: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 4625: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 4626: Mr. HUDSON , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. REICHERT , Mr. D IAZBALART , and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4632: Mr. AMODEI and Mr. R USH. H.R. 4643: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 4662: Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. KEATING , and Mr. W HITFIELD . H.R. 4715: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4748: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 4773: Mr. VALADAO , Mr. A MODEI , Ms. GRANGER and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 4817: Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. RUSH, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4828: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 4907: Mr. CROWLEY and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 4955: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 5047: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 5061: Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 5082: Mr. LONG. H.R. 5124: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 5133: Mr. CLYBURN and Mr. D UFFY . H.R. 5147: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 5166: Mr. ROKITA , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. ROSKAM , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 5167: Mr. KINDand Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 5180: Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana, Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5183: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. KEATING , and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 5187: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5210: Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 5292: Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Ms. BORDALLO , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. MACARTHUR , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B OST, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. BEYER , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C ROWLEY, Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. NADLER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. HARPER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. VALADAO , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. JOLLY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania, and Mr. CLAY. H.R. 5294: Mr. ROHRABACHER . H.R. 5313: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 5319: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5320: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 5332: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana and Mr. POLIS. H.R. 5386: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 5392: Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 5396: Mr. TAKANO and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 5404: Mr. HASTINGS and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 5410: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. R OEof Ten nessee, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. YOHO. H.R. 5417: Ms. HAHN. H.R. 5418: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5457: Mr. OLSON , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Mr. TROTT . H.R. 5488: Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. RANGEL , and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 5489: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 5499: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 5500: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 5513: Mr. OLSON and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 5518: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 5519: Mr. TAKANO . H.J. Res. 95: Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. C RAMER , Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. G OHMERT . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. RYANof Ohio and Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 124: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H. Res. 28: Ms. DEGETTE and Ms. E STY. H. Res. 32: Mr. LEVIN. H. Res. 112: Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H. Res. 494: Mr. HUDSON . H. Res. 549: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. B ERA, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. BECERRA , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S CHRA DER, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. H IMES, Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. CLEAVER . H. Res. 590: Mr. BISHOP of Utah. H. Res. 591: Mr. POMPEO and Mr. K ILDEE . H. Res. 694: Mr. MURPHY of Florida and Mrs. CAPPS . H. Res. 728: Mr. MOULTON . H. Res. 729: Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. R OGERS of Ken tucky, Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. TIBERI , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H. Res. 750: Mr. POEof Texas. H. Res. 780: Mr. ROONEY of Florida, Mr. PITTS, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Ms. M OORE . H. Res. 795: Mr. LOEBSACK . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative CONYERS (MI), or a designee, to H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4431 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 2016 No. 100 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 